10/10 horror game
vavavavava
4\10
bonjeux :3
Great game, so much fun with 2-6 people. No time limit makes it better than Lethal. For such an early access game, it is bug-less as far as I've gone in 20 hours. The TTS is really funny. Some Enemies are a little bit annoying and OP, however, it is not a very big issue. The future for this game looks extremely bright with what the Dev's have been posting. Would highly recommend buying!
good
nice game
One of the best funny games on Steam
good game
this game is fun to play with friends until you got higher level and monster keep spawn like crazy
I got 360 oogaboogaed. 10/10 would do again
1
10 10
She R.E on my P. till I O.
I hit a baby with a lamp
10/10
It's really really fun to play with your friends. I really enjoy this game, the gameplay is simple, you just have to search everything you can find and gather it to gain profit, just it, but it's really fun with all of those monsters around the map that give you challenges, so you have to work with your teammates or friends to achieve the goal together
best game ever made
Fun, scary ALONE. So my only thing I need in this game is public severs instead of playing and inviting friends that aren't always online
a mi compa en medio de la oscuridad. Cuando me quise dar cuenta, estaba sujetando un reloj del tiempo con los ojos completamente dilatados mientras gritaba oraciones ininteligibles. 10/10
-{ Graphics }-
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
-{ Gameplay }-
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
-{ Audio }-
☐ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
-{ Audience }-
☑ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma
-{ PC Requirements }-
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☑ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
-{ Game Size }-
☐ Floppy Disk
☐ Old Fashioned
☑ Workable
☐ Big
☐ Will eat 10% of your 1TB hard drive
☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it
☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data
-{ Difficulty }-
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
-{ Grind }-
☑ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
-{ Story }-
☑ No Story (I think)
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
-{ Game Time }-
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ To infinity and beyond
-{ Price }-
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
-{ Bugs }-
☑ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
-{ ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☑ 9
☐ 10
only 5 hours but 10000x better than lethal company
je
10/10
BEST HORROR GAME EVER! ALSO REALLY FUNNY (NO GLAZE) to play with friends.
great
good
Ya tengo el juego, ahora solo me faltan los amigos
- - - - - 3 - 10 10.
repo is a very good game for being in early access and with no bugs even if its out for 1 month its already one of the best lets go to game awards 2025
hao
really fun and goofy with friends
pog
Gute diese
10 10
fun game, especially with friends
it is amazing its the bets thing i have ever played
Caos, caos y caos, risas y gritos asegurados xD
toooo funny
Zaebennaya igra
10/10,
-
the game is sexy asf
jonnnnnna
SOUNDBOARD
AGA AQ
njg
nota 10
rfqa
best
Played with a group of friends following the hype on social media. Unfortunately for us it didn't live up to the hype.
First match the entire team died except me and I was searching for 20 minutes alone for $4 to meet quote. Ended up just giving up and got myself killed.
Round two, we survived a little longer but now there was two quotas at two different locations? Filled up the bucket with loot and a gnome came out of the walls and destroyed all of it and killed us.
Again ended up with one of us searching for 20 mins for loot, all watching one person and simply not enjoying being dead.
Yes. Gitgud is likely the response. But the game didn't draw me in enough for me to want to gitgud. Refunded.
Best Multiplayer game 2025
wenn man ein spiel braucht um mit freunden richtig zu haben aber auch mal richtig ab zu ragen ist es perfekt
good game
es divertido
nice
Otimo jogo pra acabar com amizades, recomendo.
sw vnhm,
gftgfthftrfh
: 7/10
Had so much fun playing this game, especially if you got a group of friends to play with.
10/10
its very cool
Absolutely awesome game. So much fun with friends
has been a very fun time with my friends and family
they need to get rid of the emoji thing asap
espuqui
385
10/10
Being in the shop with friends is more dangerous than the monsters are (I'm the one who gets killed in the shop every time)
When I first saw a playthrough of Lethal Company. I knew that horror-themed extraction looters would take off. I've been thrilled to see several emerge over the past couple years. REPO is a perfect example and a modern classic. It has a fun and addictive game loop, hilarious multi-player integration, optional single player and an adorable style. It's easy to get into, taking minutes to learn, but has hours of lessons to learn. 10/10, would highly recommend.
njg
10 10, 385
very good, I love this game whith friends!
nice game
ucube varsa
"
| |
-
999.000 bucks,
3
-
| |
-
( ).
-
-
-
mam deprese ale jinak
rigolo
moi personnellement je ne sais pas si ces un bug que je suis le seul a avoir me je ne pas pas lance de partie je peux en mais je ne peux pas jouer donc non je ne recomande pas se jeux
MY FRIENDS KILLED ME IN A FUNNY WAY
-10$/1000$
Nem olyan vicces mint ahogy a van hatalmasat
I LOVE THIS PRODUCT PROB JS NEED MORE STAMINE
oui
Be there for when your friends mess up, and laugh at them while they give you a side eye. 10/10
seronok tapi emoji huduh siot, buang emoji dapat profit 100%
A very fun game with a spice of chaos and horror aspects, truly enjoyable with couple of friends, it has room to be better. 9 out of 10, would recommend if u liked Lethal Company, hot take but i believe that its better from L.C.
guaranteed laughs
best
Very funny game to play with friends
(10 10)
Silly fun :D
game is a game. can i please have rewards
bla bla bla ble ble ble blu blu blu
superb game
Great game and so much fun! Definitely worth it, cant wait for updates!
ClientTimeOut
30 32
10 10
Talvez o melhor jogo para se divertir com os amigos que eu joguei
good game, best with da friends
It has great devs, it's scary, it has tons of monsters + awesome physics, and is funny asf with or without friends! Would definitely recommend!
wowers
This game is funny, scary, sad AND IT MAKES FUNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
dont give up,be a tryhard
very fun
good
At first you are extremely vulnerable, then you find a shotgun and feel like GOD, then you die in 1 hit due to a big fucking floating head that saw you first. 10/10 best game ever
Machine turn back now
Nothing's more fun than being able to kill your own friends.
Man I'm to lazy to rewrite this shit again, its a good game.
It is good and fun game
gud
10
gg fun
fun
IIITS A FUUUN GAAAME WITH FRIENDS AND SCARY ALONE HAHAHAHHAHA LOVE IT
funny af
Great Game, Fun with friends.
oyun oynayacak ark oyuncu olsa
this game is wholesome! i love this game!
so fun
Crocodildo, penisiny
Pepperoni, masturbuny
Trippy, troppa, crocodiny
Dildo, dildo, dildo, diny
top
the only negative point in this game is that when die whole team you start fro level 1 please fix it!
Who doesnt love getting there friends killed
BOM ARA UM CARALHO SO PRA RIR PQP
Great game great laughs. Would recommend.
repow
10 10
I get touched by the invisible man
✅
Es un juego muy divertido a la vez que de "miedo". Para echarte unas risas con tus amigos.
mega lustiges und game
ADAMA PHUAHUAHUH
HJJKH
very sigma
-
yes, a very funny game
I was hunted down by a murderous doll lady with giant claws and proceeded to run and scream until i reached the van with no worry for my coworkers.
10/10 a realistic workplace experience.
A more fun version of Lethal Company.
top
Funny game i love hitting my friends with the cart. One problem i cant play the battle royale mode forever. that would be so funny
-{ Graphics }-
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☐ Good
☑ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
-{ Gameplay }-
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
-{ Audio }-
☐ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
-{ Audience }-
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma
-{ PC Requirements }-
☐ Check if you can run paint
☑ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
-{ Game Size }-
☐ Floppy Disk
☑ Old Fashioned
☐ Workable
☐ Big
☐ Will eat 15% of your 1TB hard drive
☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it
☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data
-{ Difficulty }-
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
-{ Grind }-
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☑ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
-{ Story }-
☑ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
-{ Game Time }-
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ To infinity and beyond
-{ Price }-
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
-{ Bugs }-
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
-{ ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☐ 9
☑ 10
Souhrn: Hra much, ale jen je v Early Access. Ale za to je i si na velmi a recenzi. U hry se jako u Lethalu, ale tady mnohem Kolem a kolem 10/10.
trop bien
This game is SO much fun and I love it, the people at Semiwork made an amazing game that is scary yet super funny to play at the same time. I 100% recommend this game.
really funny play w friends; really banger!
Canadian Simulator
Todo excelente, pero falta la de un lobby para jugar con todo el mundo. Mis amigos trabajan en la y yo en la noche. Por favor si pudieran agregar un lobby para jugar con distintas personas del mundo.
cacacac
I wanna play, invite me.
10 10
This game is the funniest but only with friends
ZAJEBISTE
an aesthetically superior and more interactive version of Lethal Company
15-17 birilerini erkek fark etmez repoyu iyi oynayan zeki birisi
gege
1) REPO
2)
#FIX.REPO.MTS
it a good game very funny robot people
ve bir oyun gerilim grafikleriyle de bir deneyim sunuyor gayet keyifli.
Funny
R.E.P.O
very good and very funny, i have thrown my friend across the map at least five times and have sacrificed him to the exploding skeletons to save my own life, WE LOVE THE TIME CAPSULE! it makes your voice so low and i love it! the pixilated graphics make the game feel way more modern and old at the same time, DEF WORTH THE 13$! (my little brother is upgrading his pc to windows ten and buying a new graphics card just for the game!)
this game is super funny and can be scary too I recommend to play this game with friend. goodbye
sigma
yes
yes
so fun and you can also mod it for free! count me in! make sure to get a soundboard because its so much funnier
=)
GAME OF THE YEAR FOR SURE
DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
ta re weno
q te follen @roy112kg
Funny
ggs
Horses would be terrible at fishing for several hilarious reasons, the first being that they simply don't have the right tools. Sure, got strong legs, but hooves are terrible at gripping fishing rods or tying knots in fishing lines. Imagine a horse trying to hold a fishing attempts would look like a clumsy giraffe trying to do ballet. Forget casting, they'd probably end up casting the entire tackle box into the water, too, and before they even get to the fish!
Then there's the small problem of horses not being particularly good swimmers. While they can paddle around in shallow water, putting a horse in the middle of a lake to fish would be like trying to get your grandma to join a synchronized swimming team. likely end up looking more like a confused, soggy mess than a seasoned angler. The idea of a horse gracefully casting a line from a boat? Yeah, more of a comedy skit than reality. Therefore this game might be a GOTY contender
fun game
The comedic timing is perfect
best game but where is the cosmetics
Stop crying about the emoji mascot
I personally love the mascot
this game is SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO fun, Its was recently released, but it is so funny. With more people, though, it gets hectic and ESPECIALLY with those soundboard users. also, you cant join a game unless you have friends, so most players install a mod website (I use thunderstore) to get the server list. Don't worry, most mods WON'T break your game. Less people = scary, more people = hectic and funny.
Extend please max players to 8
Ekiple zaman
Absolutely loving the game! Chilled vibe with friends and plenty of laughs to be had. Looking forward to future updates:)
besttttt
I did not think this game would be so much fun! I do recommend this game.
Really fun and cool to play with friends
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa awesome game
The game is very nice and funny to play with friends, i play it alone often cause my friends dont play much, but still fun to play and a needed a new good game anyways so big W for this Game.
10 10.
people keep breaking my grandpas ashes ;_;
10/10
goood game super gooooooood game buy now now now
78 minutos e posso dizer que esse jogo uma obra prima
co-op horror lethal company clones peaked with content warning and now theyre just getting gayer and gayer
Hits the spot, not even a lethal company clone, never seen anything like this, honestly if you have friends this game will make you laugh and addicted for 40h plus. Game of the Year, recommend it highly 10/10.
Sexi igra
EZ
8)
A Lethal Company-style game where you play as this iconic little robot, going from building to building collecting items to make enough money for the taxman (capitalism at its You can play solo, but be real, this game SHINES in co-op. While looting, you gotta watch out for monsters lurking in the dark, and as you progress, you earn money to buy upgrades (health, sprint speed, etc.) and weapons to damage or kill the monsters.
This game has made me scream, laugh, and rage in ways no other game has in a long time. And honestly? Totally worth it. Dying is frustrating, sure, but spectating your friends struggling? Pure
That said, I do wish it was a little easier. Sometimes expensive items break, which then makes us unable to continue to the next level. Monsters do a ridiculous amount of damage, and the fact that you have to split money for upgrades when playing with friends puts you at a disadvantage. I really hope they tweak that. But even with all that? This game is hilarious, and I 100% recommend it.
Match Making
Mascot is garbage make it look less like Dark Knight Joker im sorry but its the harsh truth
other then that fun looking but i dont have friends
bombex
Jogo muito bom principalmente quando pega um dos seus amigos e taca no buraco ou em algum bixo enquanto ele grita desesperado
10/10 compre se tiver dinheiro
12 10
10 10
ce je est drole avec de l'action et de la peur c'est super bravo aux devellopeur
10 10
Fun game play. Interactive and filled with different content and random spawns. Some monsters will make you scream, panic, and keep that noisy friend quiet. I enjoyed playing this game, and is so fun to play with your friends and sacrificing them for laughs. Its different and funny. filled with unexpected turns and random events or spawns. The difficulty makes it challenging and fun allowing you to plan your escape when surrounded by monsters.
c'est pas de tout r.e.p.o.
W
Fun game with funny little duck i named DILL 10/10
Very atmospheric game, I liked the original enemies that can be neutralized with almost anything, and the almost perfectly working chat (though sometimes the music plays with interference). It would be great to add some customization options for characters hats, glasses, eyebrows, and other small details. Also, it would be nice to add servers to allow players to connect from anywhere, with an option to choose a specific one, like a RU server, an English one, etc. And it would be great to see support for more languages, especially Russian.
First impressions for me was great, tutorial is easy to follow and simple to understand. Storytelling is not there but you can roughly get the gist of what's happening. Gameplay is quite fun, each map is randomly generated and the enemies in the game all havve unique mechanics, strengths and weaknesses.
10
Love this game so much but it keeps crashing my laptop. Hoping to see a solution for this. Will turn this into a positive when fixed. :'(
Hi Derf
LOVE THIS GAME SO MUCH! haha had a great time playing this with Kardo and Rap. :)
SUPER LAGGGGGGGGGG
fun
Salut, que pensez du jeu ?
Tout d'abord, j'aimerais dire que le jeu est mais n'en laisse moindre que le jeu est trop populaire pour ses
Le peu de contenu risque de ceux qui aiment ce jeu, voir trop rapidement.
L'objectif est similaire Lethal Compagny, il faut les objets, et les vendres un checkpoint. Ici rien de compliquer comprendre.
La peut fatal, selon-moi, serait revoir.
Les objets ne respawn pas, ce qui fais qu'il faut prudent, pourquoi pas faire des respawn d'objet moins et plus fragile ?
Aussi, mourir peut long, puisqu'il faut qu'un ami vienne prendre la de notre camarade et le pour le UNIQUEMENT si l'objectif EST ATTEINT (l'argent quoi). Ce qui peut lasser beaucoup plus, attendre 30minutes c'est pas super amusant.
Les level-design sont pareil partout, ce qui peut la lassitude CEPENDANT, les proposer par chaque niveau (Maison chateau, laboratoire etc.) sont diverse ce qui diminue.
Pour ce qui est des monstres, entre le fais qu'ils sont hilarant mais peuvent aussi faire peur, il y a innombrable monstre, et fais plaisir
Les personnages qu'on incarnent sont et surtout, distingue des autres jeux d'horreurs.
R.E.P.O n'est pas un jeu d'horreur unique, c'est un jeu qui se parmis plein de ce qui en fais d'un jeu qui peut
Pour moi, la hype n'aurait pas du aujourd'hui, ni hier. Le manque de contenu va l'avenir.
que les continueront ce jeu.
un avec les amis qui ne tryhard pas, je recommande.
!@#!#!$!
Juego muy simple, pero TREMENDAMENTE ADICTIVO Y DIVERTIDO. Totalmente recomendable para jugar con amigos y pasar un buen rato. Un anti perfecto.
dddd
I love ducks but not here.
lemme get a ba bacon egg and cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese ba bacon egg and cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese
Very fun, Needs more content ASAP! gets repetitive after 40 hours
ich liebe es wenn alle meine mates von viechern gefressen werden :D
The game's great if you have friends, its very enjoyable and entertaining, could be even more fun if your friends aren't just focusing on beating it. Solo, the game's not very fun and I personally wouldn't recommend you to do so. It's best to grab a couple of lads and play the game with them. The shop's my favorite part because you can just throw grenades around and use items to kill your friends. Awesome stuff.
probably even better than lethal company and i loved the hell out of that game. change the icon please man, im beggin you
Fun goofy game with friends
polecam serdecznie ta gra strasznie bawi szczegolnie z tym dziwnym zegarem co spowalnia
det er mega sjovt
jbl
horror anime
evil mosters
20+
definitely a fun chaotic game with friends
5-10 R.E.P.O,
Best game to completely destroy your friendship with every single dude cuz of plate worth 2.7k
Recommend it 10/10
B.A.G.R.E.P.O.
i eat junk
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
- :(
100 100!
123
I think we all know by now that this game is hilarious, great fun with your friends. 10/10. Can't wait to see where they go from here.
Amazing game but alot of annoying text spammers. maybe add a mute text and voice button?
10 10
fajne
Le meilleur lethal-company-like ce jour, meilleur que lethal company, moment fun avec ses amis 100%
Lethal Company,
10\10
10\10
10/10 would pee myself again :3
LIKE
Developers give this game so much hope and excitement, I hope they don't move on to newer projects or try to find newer ways to expand the game.
I love how you can have fun with your friends despite it being a horror game
Repo
Funny, great game
ldff
-
100
waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaawwwwwwwwwwwww
Probably one of the best coop games right now, and its still ln early access. If you want to have fun its really worth it.
Addiction is bad. Unless its REPO
HILFEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
my friends have:
gifted me this
beaten me
sacrificed me
gave me a bat, and then proceeding to let me beat the crap out of the trudge (IT WORKED)
and have done over 100 skibidi jokes
great game
falta soundpad
66666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666
fun game especially with multiplayer
yup
0.0001%
its super fun and little scary its a good game to get a bigger friendship with your friends
Good
this game is very funny. but not to be respected. ive lost save files for no reason. theres nearly 0 content besides run it back. the games only as good as your sense of humor and friendship. trash as fuck making it a game of glitches to get high runs. overlooking all the hours of belly laughs for how much it rips you off. 3/10
Wat ne Psychose
fait peur par contre
insanely funny game to play, u should buy it
-
cz
um otimo jogo para dar altas risadas com os amigos
very goofy game and fun to play with friends
Juego muy basico, pero a la vez divertidisimo, 100% recomendado para jugar con amigos
Um dos jogos mais divertidos de party que ja vi, papo de vc ficar 4 hrs seguidas rindo dar dor de barriga, facil de jogar e de entender, da pra jogar de qualquer jeito, rushando, indo na cautela, metendo o louco, matando monstros etc, roda num celular, eu achei que ia enjoar em 1 ou duas run mas tem mapas diversos, dificuldade, e etc. o unico ponto negativo mas que tambem divertido quando ta todo mundo morto tem vc 4 bichos atras e vc n acha mais itens pq a porra dos seus amigos burros e quebraram todo ai vc fica muito tempo procurando enquanto os outros tao mortos rezenhando e as vezes tu ja pegou todos os itens que tinham no mapa mas n completa o dinheiro necessario, ai tem que resetar.
sssssss
do the cha cha real smooth
Its a blast to play with absolutely mentally challenged friends
banger
play with friend really but ITS THE BEST FUN GAME
Incroyable, super jeu Correspond pour tout les budgets et toutes les configurations pc.
Je recommande
10/10
3
AMAZING IM LOVE THIS GAME SO MUCH
90%
Hra je
je funny.
Pokud 2-3 by si toto taky koupily tak
beru jako +
Jedinej je, s random lidma, matchmaking v co to hraju)
je nuda:(
no okej
soundpad
Great Game to Play with Friends.
Game is Approved.
amazing game nothing much to say, dont miss out cuz its truly fun
:)
Agalarla
3
1
R.E.P.O
good
not bad
goty 2025 i swear
Probably the GOAT of 2025
Lethal company but dying isn't annoying or a burden
no sleep lol
11 10
Entre a robar a una casa con un amigo, un viejo con un arma y estaba ciego, me robe varias cosas d valor y el viejo casi mata ami amigo a balasos por que se tiro un peo, salimos victoriosos y con muchas cosas de valor de esa casa entonces nos fuimos cada uno a nuestras casas y nos pusimos a jugar R.E.P.O para aliviar el sentimiento de culpa y nos divertimos mucho con ese juego.
soy veneco y mi trabajo es muy dificil por que a veces llaman a la policia pero este juego me preprara de mejor forma
RECOMENDADO 10/10
bombardeen bolivia
Playing with friends
Playing singleplayer
c h i c k e n j o c k e y
)
I like it
Great to play with friends and i need more people to buy it so i can play with them also
slowing hourglass makes me :peepohappy:
bv,f
Vary gott speil
Really fun physics- horror- comedy game. you should get it, 100% better with friends
Amazing a funny!
Very fun game. it still has a lot to improve. like different environments, valuables, upgrades, items and adding cosmetics, some challenges. improving stamina and economics, for example, different prices when playing multiplayer than singleplayer. or stamina regeneration upgrades.
I've never laughed so hard in a video game for a VERY long time, well worth the purchase!
an invisible guy touched me and shoved me face first to the barrel of a shotgun. 10/10
Grappig als je het met vrienden speelt.
BUY THIS.
This game is a blast, it has an astoundingly good RnG factor which favours a lot the replayability of the matches, the object breaking mechanic is hilarious and so is the camera movement of the robots.
The monsters are also very peculiar and they all have their own weaknesses and strengths and it makes for an interesting experience once you have to deal with them.
An overall 10/10 under all aspects and i genuinely think this is extremely better than that one other game people MIGHT say it's similar to, cause i know for a fact i have never found myself playing the other game alone, while this one is extremely satisfying to just pick up and kill time with
genuinely GENUINELY recommend the purchase, support the developers, this is a great game.
10
REPO is an absolute gem that brings innovation and excitement to gaming. The gameplay mechanics are smooth, the graphics are stunning, and the challenges are both engaging and rewarding. Whether you're strategizing with your team or exploring solo, REPO offers a versatile experience that keeps you coming back for more.
However, I feel there's one thing missing to make this masterpiece truly public server! The addition of a public server would create a dynamic space for players to connect, collaborate, and compete in real time, elevating the game's community aspect. It would truly be the cherry on top.
Overall, REPO has set a high standard for the genre. If you're on the fence, don't in and experience the adventure!
-
-
1
vary cool
it is very fun and you will have a good time if you play with a lot of people
Fun game to betray your friends.
REKOMENDUU!
nice game
aweesome sauicew
10 10
3 big guys
fun
Never been so silence until we fight back. =)
9\10
haha
"15 5"
this game has a singleplayer but im not sure why because its super unforgiving if you die once thats it you have to start all over and i think thats dumb if you had multiple tries like in lethal company with the day mechanic it wouldnt be so bad or maybe have more health and stamina for the player would be amazing but over all the game is fine but singleplayer deffintly need to be worked on
jogo ate e legal, mais o melhor e os audios HAHAHHAA
The appeal is there, its very bland. Maybe its because I dont have a full stack but it has very intrequite mechanics, with mods and a larger dev team this would be an absolute masterpiece
f
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
bla bla bla ble ble ble blu blu blu, linga guli guli, chicken jockey, what youre holding is an ender pearl, AAAAAAAA-
started in headmanmanor, scavenged for stuff,found a giant tv,it touched the ground,it broke,giant head molested, 10/10 recomend
Its good.
best scary game out rn
This is not a horror game. This is an experiment on how brainless you can be as a team. Very silly very fun I like smashing valuable objects at my companions dismay.
Es excelente!
funny shit
This game is better than Among Us, better than Lethal Company, and better than Content Warning. Simple gameplay, well-tuned difficulty, and surprisingly few bugs for an early access game.
i like to be blak
Do NOT pick up the duck.
android mascot farming for scraps and shooting double barrel shotguns
very gud gaem 10/10 would play again
GG
i saw an blind old guy slip and fall down the stairs,
i saw the same blind old guy try and walk across a tightrope above acid.
varsa
f
quack
e
te digo?
Sin duda no me esperaba que me lo iba a comprar, pero al final Es un juego parecido a Lethal Company, pero lo que hace especial es sus personajes. Recomiendo el juego, para aquellos que quieran experimentar el terror pero con gracia. La del juego esta muy chula, no te a como jugar (hay un tutorial pero los monstruos no te dicen nada. Mola eso porque obtienes la informacion a base de jugar jejeje). La es increible, los avatares super muy animados y reflejan tal cual tus emociones y lo transmiten a la partida, volviendolo muy inmersivo. Tambien me mola el efecto de que que tu voz se puede modular al interactuar con algun objeto o evento, lo hace muy chulo. Y lo mejor de todo es que no pesa nada, y cualquiera que tengoa un PC de baja calidad puede jugarlo
Y de momento es un early access, osea ni imaginar la de cosas nuevas que se pueden
Yo lo recomiendo mucho, sin ninguna duda
One of the better ones since Lethal company came out.
diversion a 10euros
Very fun to play with friends. Lots of love for details.
10/10
pushka bomba jbl kolonka
ok
Lethal Company 555
A very fun and wacky game with friends. Honestly the more friends you have playing with you the better. From the fun items you can find and odd enemies. Even the fact you can speak in text to speech adds to the fun of this game. To top it all off even if you lose you can still become a winner battle you're friends in a silly head to head with various items to become the king of the losers.
So Fun! Join or grabs some friends and laugh and scream exploring random generated haunted mansion's, trying to make enough money to satisfy your Boss. Buy upgrades and weapons to help get to harder level mansion's. Solo is also there if you rather play alone and can be played without the need of a internet connection which I personality love.
Worth every penny and more! Dear Friends, BUY THIS! and lets play
One of the best games in the friendslop genre, In my opinion
GOTY
Ima make you pop like that while you get molested by the grim reaper
GOOOOD
Its terrifying and hilarious all in one, it's a great game, ney, the best game already and it's not even finished. Highly reccomend for a party of four
This game is god damn amazing it's still in early access but is somehow it's refreshing. playing a similar game which is collect and sell, it still finds it own footing and has it unique mechanics which is the best part of this game.
This 6 player game is simple explore find valuable objects collect them and sell simple, yes! The best part of course is playing with friends the visual and atmosphere is just so good a halloween type setting with fun maps and areas that have small yet interesting reaction with the players and the objects around it.
The character model you play is just so damn charismatic when you talk and see your head just fly off the roof when you're screaming really shows personality especially their eyes and how they look at you when you talk or break something amazing, absolute cinema. They look like the Canadians from south park which i think is really funny and the text to speech is just stupid fun you say, "uuuuuuuuuuuu" and it's just a choir of 6 people spamming the most absurd things while getting chased and murdered by the monsters in this map.
The gameplay is really great especially the mechanic of physics when moving objects and how it can break or be damage during transport is hilarious, having 3 beans trying their best to move a 20k statue but in the end break it from a sudden attack. The monsters having their unique traits and behaviours really help spice up the game and it doesn't always feel like you're facing against a overpowered enemy without anything to counter without being extremely skilled or prepared with the best items, no you can kill them with some luck or teamwork which i think is a great addition making it more casual and less focused on being a god gamer. after you cashout you go to the shop which is another bonus to the amazing part of the game just throwing random grenades and objects around blasting the whole area into chaos, while you have 2 people trying to get the upgrade for next round is quite amusing, but if you don't meet the quota you get sent into a death battle with the comrades you once worked with. This is a great way to relieve any pent up anger to that one guy that killed you by throwing you off the ledge and you get to wear a fabulous crown to flex that you're THE KING OF THE LOSER!
The mechanics of the game is simple having a hp bar starting at 100 and a stamina bar at 40 and can be later upgraded. Being able to dive and hit your team and enemies is just so goofy and makes me give out an audible laugh when i hit my friends. The grabbing mechanic is pretty weird but in a good way you can't control it perfectly but it's enough to get the job done.
this game is still in early access but has a really bright future just consistent good updates and other small tweaks it's more than perfect. for 15 aud that was worth that money and in general if you want to try out the game go in blind don't look at any tips or tricks, run it down and get killed and learn from it i think that the best way to play this game. 10/10 game!
hide and seek with loot mechanics
10/10 game - Better than lethal company
This game is good. Better than Lethal Company, I don't even get bored when I don't play with mods, and the mods are even funnier, even though the mods are a bit buggy. But that's not on the game, that's on the mods, so it's really a great game.
I strongly recommend it, especially at this price.
Download game.
play game.
play with friends.
break a huge valuable.
curse.
watch as your friends get brutally killed by skeletron with skin and a heavy mf with a mace
Recommended 10/10
10 10
dis game is ass
Lethal Company but better
Goofy ahhh androids going crazy
10 10
very good game!
yeah it's great rlly but i don't like playing alone
-
- JBL
-
*dies trying to fix a landmine a frog moved before being primed*
*frog follows friend into quota room*
*friend meets first quota*
*spawns only to be greeted not by friend.but by frog*
*instantly dies*
would spawn again 10/10
its Very Fun with Friends :)
:3333333333333333333
vim um mano com uma arma, me escondi, veio um pato, ele fez "quack" e tomou um tiro na minha frente.
10/10.
Funny game that has alot of special moments. Proximity chat is a big hit in this game. I recomend this game if you want to play it with your friends or maybe alone. because you dont have any. Trust me this game is worth your time.
2
>Enter Map
>Grab 2000 dollar plate
>Smash it against friend's face
>Noise attracts clown fucker
>Laser beam
10 10
It's good, play it.
It's like if Lethal Company took all the bad parts out of their game.
Amazing game, very fun indeed. Also if devs are reading this, made a comment on your latest video of my suggestions. Hope yall add it!
-
I've played this game non stop since I bought it. I can't remember the last time me and my friends had this much fun in a game. It's a perfect mix of scary, funny and unpredictable. You jump into the next round and you can possibly never truly know whats going to happen. This game can't really be explained; It has to be played! 11/10 recommend
Chill game def worth the $10 jus make sure u have friends to play with
magical
gud game
228
Good Game
Not a bad game
mics sometimes work. please fix this, the in game microphone is what is fun about the game
Amazing game, i played it with my friend, there is a problem though, public matches would be nice, i have only one friend who has the game bought, which sucks, and singleplayer isnt as fun so public matches would go nice.
5
Repo, Lethal Company bir korku ve hayatta kalma oyununu sevenler harika bir Lethal Company'nin aksine, bu oyun tek da keyifli ve
En ise, oynarken bile Genelde korku zamanla Repo'da tekrar oynanabilirlik ve stratejiler, her oyun yeni bir deneyim sunuyor.
Fizik motoru da oyun deneyimini hareket etme ve her seferinde daha ve etkileyici bir hissiyat veriyor. Bu da hem tek hem de oynarken her heyecan verici
olarak, Repo hem korku hem de hayatta kalma bir tekrar ve gerilim bu oyun kesinlikle denemeniz gereken bir
This is a good game But The game having no pubs makes it kinda bad bc im lonely
Great game, however. We need a selfdestruct button that us streamers can set to a gift on tiktok :3
A lot better than " Fatal Organization "
this game is amzing
very fun and good game. some bugs but probly cause it just been out.
Very fun game
10 10
Ich finde R.E.P.O. einfach super lustig! Das Spiel bringt frischen Wind in die Gaming-Welt und bietet eine unterhaltsame Mischung aus Humor und spannenden Herausforderungen. Die Charaktere sind witzig und die Spielmechanik macht richtig Es ist toll, wie das Spiel es schafft, sowohl entspannende als auch aufregende Momente zu kombinieren.
Die Grafik und der Stil sind ansprechend und tragen zur insgesamt positiven bei. Ich die die in die Entwicklung des Spiels geflossen ist, und es ist definitiv ein cooles neues Spiel, das ich jedem empfehlen kann, der auf der Suche nach etwas Neuem und Unterhaltsamem ist.
Insgesamt ist R.E.P.O. ein tolles Erlebnis, das viele Lacher sorgt und gleichzeitig fesselt. Ich freue mich darauf, mehr Zeit mit diesem Spiel zu verbringen!
I watched the last surviving member of my moving company get a broom up a staircase for 40 minutes while we cursed at him from the beyond.
10/10 pivots. Would pivot again.
The controls and movement awkward, the game play is clunky and in the tutorial alone I saw item collision freak out the physics engine. Not for me.
Lingang Guli Guli Guli Watcha
Lingang Gu Lingang Gu
Lingang Guli Guli Guli Watcha
Lingang Gu Lingang Gu
its best game i ever played
Plenty of hahas to be had if you have friends.
het een enge grappig spel het is zeker 9,75 euro waard
10/10
gOOD fUN
lmao
10 10
This game lacks a soul and just feels like a money grab nothing's original if you want to buy this just buy lethal company or nuclear nightmare
Driving friends over with a cart launching them straight into Joe Biden's floating head is the funniest shit I've ever seen
4
R.E.P.O
[h3] [/h3]
[h2] [/h2]
[h1] [/h1]
I let mine 5 year old son play this game because he sad he liked game and want very much so I buy game for him but little later he come to me and say "daddy this game much scary!" I look at game and it say: "ZOMBIE EAT YOU BRAIN!" and me was shock. how can this game be allow for childs? this game has blood and violins, zombie eat your vegetables! zombie may no eat vegetable, my son eat vegetable! he is now life shock and he have to take pills everyday! tanks so very much electric art! this game much bad and scary, I rate 16 and over! not play this game, this very innapropait! u has been warninged!
-
kolega za napletek przez dziadka do po powiedzeniu "Aribiri bombomba". ostro do tego widoku. gra, polecam
Finds something expensive.
calls bro.
bro comes.
bro helps.
bro drops.
-10.821$.
360
yes
Ich war zugegeben auch etwas abgeschreckt zuerst von der Aufmachung. Wie der ein oder andere Rezensionsverfasser schon vermerkt hat wirkt es, schon alleine durch das Titelbild, wie der Trash.
Nachdem ich das Speil aber bei Streamern udn Freunden ein wenig verfolgt habe hat es mich doch interessiert. Letzten Endes hab ich es geschenkt bekommen um mitzuspielen und ich muss sagen: ES MACHT SO XD
Es ist super Simpel, die Steuerung auch und wer Lethal Copmpany kennt und mag, wird hiermit auf jeden Fall auch seinen haben!
Ziel ist es verschiedene Geldbetragsziele zu mit diversen die sich in den immer anders aufgebauten, diversen Leveln befinden und unterschiedlich viel Wert haben.
Hindern einen daran eine gut Auswahl an verschiedenen Monstern die auf die Spieler unterschiedlich reagieren.
Nach jedem erfolgreichen Level kann man seinen Charakter aufbessern: Mehr Leben, mehr Ausdauer zum rennen, die shwerere anzuheben und viel mehr.
Das Spiel hat auf jedenFall und bietet Potenzial, weitere Updates nach oben! Ich hoffe sehr, dass hier noch mehr Monster nachkommen, neue Level, vlt auch Cosmetics die Spielfigur (bisher gibt es nach meinem Wissensstand nur die die Spielerfarbe auszusuchen)
mich ne echt Gute 8/10 und ne volle 10 ist drin, wenn weiter daran gearbeitet wird!
15
10 10
IMBYLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
HOROROVKA
A very fun game that gives PS2 nostalgia, is easy with quite fun monsters to deal with (and various items to "collect"). Find the creature height changing cute too. Matchmaking and more map variety should be added - maps feel seriously repetitive. Otherwise a great game I look forward to continuing to play. I recommend this game.
i laugh every time i play with friends
REPO
-
10\10
roberto
dead player heads need to be able to hurt enemies
juego bastante divertido no tuve la oportunidad de jugar lethal company en su tiempo asi que este fue mi oportunidad de jugar algo similar a lo que fue ese juego sin embargo este esta mucho mas entretenido y gracioso no se imaginan las risas que tendran con este juego
yeppp
walked up the stairs yelled oh fuck and some blind dude shot my buddy. 10/10
Very basic but very fun. For sure give it a try.
THIS GAME IS UTTER DOG BS BAD, GARBAGE STUPID. STUPID, GUN GUY I DONT KNOW HIS NAME I HATE HIM THOUGH!
gameplay 10/10
grafika 10/10
styl 10/10
polecam
blind man shot his load in my face
3+
Un videojuego muy divertido. Sinceramente una mejora considerable al Lethal Company, absolutamente todo lo que tiene el juego esta muy bien logrado y pensar que lo van a ir actualizando simplemente ES CINE. Juegazo super recomendable. Saludos a mis colegas: Andres, David y Gerard que he jugado siempre con ellos a esta barbaridad de videogame (por la cara pero bueno XD).
very wow
THIS GAME IS SUPER INFURIATING. AND ITS ASS. 10/10 would recommend this i can only play it with 1 one my friends and we got demolished by this fucking frog guy
DIAMANTE QUEBRADO
-2000
11/10
hilarious with the right group. downright addictive, terrifying and enjoyable
Literally shoots rocket elixer at a lazer man and he took it
10/10
Better than Lethal Company
Solo veya ile saatler harika, bir oyun. beklemeden alabilirsiniz kesinlikle paraya iyi oyunlar (:
dingle
Nice!
end game boring, get 13+ strength, kill every enemy in existance in literal seconds, after lvl 11 scaling of difficulty stops,
good game
nice
11\10
Not the kind of game I like to play with friends. Mostly because once you die you have to wait to (maybe) be revived to play again. When I did play I spent more time dead than alive.
It would be great if the tutorial helped you survive more. but in the end, you will have people stuck watching the game instead of playing. That can be fun but as I'm not interested in twitch myself, much less any game being it, I'll pass.
Fun with friends
jh
10/10
oyun ama oynayacak bir gelse olurdu
better than lethal company
10/10 video game
R.E.P.O. -
R.E.P.O.
R.E.P.O. FPS.
R.E.P.O. -
R.E.P.O.
naspa
cool
Fun as hell. And the devs are actively working on it and listening to feedback. Very fun with friends. Challenging enough to be fun to play at all times. A certainly good lethal company competitor.
As of early access i would give it a 7.5/10 (recommend to play with friends)
Fun game with friends
very good. it would be hella scary if they add the emoji to be a monster. a huge one.
10/10
good and funny
b
One of the top games of the year I would say.
5 360
11 10
VERY FUN (with freinds)
jo
Great game, would annoy friends again
very good
amazing game but a steam workshop would be icing on the cake
Quack
Fun game to play. not sure what else to say :)
cheto
very fun game to play with friends,
has a good atmosphere and the lore will probably be big on youtube in the futute
the biggest issue for me is that it is very friend dependent, meaning that I don't feel motivated enough to play it without my friends.
yes
20 10 10
-
TAK TOHLE VE CO-OP HRA ZA CELOU DOBU
Just bought this game a day ago and OH MY GOD, its so fun, it runs so great on my laptop, i highly reccomend this game, at first it lacks a serverbrowser but that doesnt matter cause the discord exists!
bouht the game
realized i have no friend
got sad
waste of my money
10/10
legendary game design ruined by the emoji marketing mascot and visual design.
i would give it a neutral vote if possible because this is definitely one of the coolest mechanics for multiplayer ruined by the aggressive marketing strategies and roblox-esque "le emoji is le scary now"
get it for the gameplay.
very funny game l0l
divertido, gracioso y troll. Mejor que L.C.
Good ol fun
fuckin funny
Blah blah blah ble ble ble blu blu blu
Terrible Game very boring do not waste your money
Banger
360
Get money. Die. Waste money on upgrades. Die again. Buy more upgrades. OSWALD!
ts game so tuff
Das Spiel so an sich ist echt top und lustig gestalten. ABER!
Es fehlt ein Matchmaking System seit Tag 1 und ja ich das die Entwickler daran arbeiten und nicht dran dachten weil sie sich unsicher waren den Erfolg des Spiels aber Hand aufn Po:
Haben wir alle Friends die mit jemanden sowas zocken? Nicht immer!
Das Spiel hat zwar einen "Solo" Modus dieser ist aber nicht angepasst an das Solo Erlebnis da viele Mechaniken es etwas schwer gestalten nicht zu sterben oder Herausforderungen zu
Nicht desto trotz ein gutes Game was leider ohne Matchmaking / Groupfinder es eher schwer macht wirklich dran zu haben.
good
222
it is a very funny and fun game. Please add kick/ban when you can.
Its fun with your idiot friends unite on this game. Your stomach would hurt so bad by laughing every aspect on this game
Funny Game, Good for Groups
10 10.
foarte tare, jocul asta este de preferat sa te joci minim cu un prieten
This game is incredibly funny to play with friends and just an absolute hilarious game in general, would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a new fun horror game to play.
Es un juegazo pa, jugarlo con amigos es de las mejores decisiones de mi vida, GOTY
peak
Honestly.
These type of games arent for me. Typically because I usually do not have the friends to play them with, but with the few I do have and had experience with for this game. It has been quite very humorous in the end with a lot of fun in the means of goofing around more than anything while also enjoying the quota and gameplay itself.
Please do not let the very few negative reviews shame you away from this honestly amazing game, it is actually quite something else if you got the people to play it with! I'd also like to point out that the devs here actually seem very honest and exciting towards upcoming features in the future and answering even majority of important questions, keep up the amazing work!
Love this game since the very first time I played, easy but hard at the same time, pretty addicting.
-
-
-
-
Yes
Esse jogo me fez chorar de tanto rir.
very funny game and nice but i would love it more if repo had cosmetics
say ` (backquote slash) to annoy your friends the robot takes forever to say it its funny as hell
yes
I LOVE BACK SCHOTING OLD MANS
Hilarious with friends. Don't take it too seriously and you will have a blast.
iyi awq
good
Best Game Ever
tis fun play with yo friends
TL;DR Great game, monsters have become VERY buggy feeling seemingly out of nowhere, hopefully fixed next patch maybe wait to buy until then.
I'm not sure if they patched something but a lot of the monsters have become really buggy lately.
They attack through walls, target you through walls, the laughing kid attacks you even if you're screen isn't zoomed in or looking at it, the hidden can carry you into a pit and accidentally kamikaze you, the bangers have 0 countdown sometimes.
REPO is a phenomenal game, and I understand it's in early access, but it was working fine before, then all of the sudden a LOT of mobs started doing really buggy things.
Hopefully it's fixed in the next update, not too sure what happened.
mnie z
very fun, very chaos, very scary, 12/10
best fun ive had in a long time
fantastic
very funny game
10 10.
BLAH BLAH BLAH BLEH BLEH BLEH BLUH BLUH BLUH
fun
Fun game, plain and simple.
Fun to play with friends
It's like Lethal Company if it didn't suck complete ass
3am going to the store (GONE WRONG)
so good
=)
this is the first one of these kind of games that i can enjoy by myself and with friends
every group you play with adds something new and fun i can't wait to see how it grows
,'
it's like a more fun version of lethal company
10/10
L
Theres s many ways to mess around with peple, I love it
is good game
yes.
10/10
Game of the Year 100%
amazing game
This game should be bundled with Soundpad
lit.
Gra zajebista jest z czego
fell got picked up thrown then died to a pit 10/10 would play again
yes
10 10
Peak comedy
reskin of lethal company with different gameplay features,
this is more than anything aimed for kids
Kinda addicting, waiting for more updates and progress of the game!
good game
1,7,10
20k
ikju
6
"Parkour"
Fun af with friends
esta bien cajeton el juego, metanle sexo y es un 10/10
el mejor juego de toda la perra vida weon, alchile valio la perra pena y se lo tube que regalar a un puto pobre llamado cjota pero juego 10/10 lo recomiendo si tas aburrido y si no tienes amigos no lo compres XDXDXDXD
un viejo ciego le dispara a mi amigo porque yo lo eso es algo que tranquilamente pasar en mi 10/10
I really like this game.
im repoing itttt ohhh im repoing itttt
good
nice
the blind guy is absolute bullshit and will shoot you for ZERO reason like 50% of the time
also the game can decide to spawn like 20 of the fuckers who you can look at
scary and fun
FUN!
I honestly really did not expect to enjoy this game. It looks like a Lethal Company knock off, but I'd argue that it takes a very unique spin on the genre. It puts you on a similar level to the monsters, allowing you different levels of counter-play to deal with them, whether that be fighting or running. If you do choose to fight, you're rewarded if you win, which is quite enjoyable. Overall, I would recommend this game, even if you only plan on trying it out a few times
Objetivos claros, interacciones divertidas y risas aseguradas en de amigos.
walking trash cans looking for garbage to sell, absolute banger
Played a game where my friend spent 40 minutes trying to push a piano to the extraction point only for it to get crushed at the very last second
10/10 game
8/10
This game is in the same hemisphere of goofiness as Lethal Company and Content Warning! R.E.P.O. shows great promise and is really fun with a group of friends but it does get repetitive after a while!
Le jeu les plus drole de 2025 mais en meme temps sa fait peur alors c incr
the best game
prikitiw
repo good
SOLO SI TINES AMIGOS CON QUIEN JUGAR
Zalupa
It's the best game in early acces. A lot of fun with friends
I have a severe hatred for horror games, not that I hate them, but that I hate playing them.
My fear of being chased without the ability to run away is a nightmare I lived almost my entire life. But this game, the videos I watched made me wish I could play too. I shoved aside my fear of games because of other players.
I enjoyed solo, it challenges you to learn the ways you can fight or hide from the beasties in the game. But playing with friends is a better experience by far. The chaos that can happen is absolutely maddening. Everyone panicking to hide or fight. I ended up having to buy my friends the game because I was bad at solo. But I am improving.greed is a coin toss.
The best game is funny and horror
it super fun
It's a very good game that should get a console port with cross play at some point, because this needs to be played by everyone and it would be great to play with my console peasant friends
10 10
repo is so fun i can play it for hours
muy weno
silly
really fun hope they keep adding good content
peak
Very fun with friends.
super duper fun with friends will never try to play alone cus im too scared
for the funny
yes
fun,good,amazing,fantastic game i also like murdering my friends with items to very fun
So fun with friends. Finally got a game that got the whole friend group back on, and excited for the updates
10 10
good game
Mascot be looking like a creepy pasta vid on youtube kids
Biggest 'don't judge a book by its cover' EVER.
mint
100/10
ye
Awesome graphics, fantastic/understanding devs, horrifying monsters, nice upgrades, many updates coming as well (said by devs)
everything is ryans fault
2 +REP
although this is a jump scare game. its really great with a group a friends
Game fun.
R.E.P.O. saved my apartment from flooding because I got so addicted I was up playing all night, so I was awake when a pipe burst. Thanks.
god i love this game
bout this game 8 hours ago :3
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
slay
nice game
I haven't laughed so hard in a long time. Get some friends with you 2 or more and have a blast.
xueta
algo bello me la jalaba mientras jugaba, termine
Great game, but I will say the lack of controller support as well as a session browser are a big issue that need to get addressed.
fun with friends
Goofy af and a lot of fun.
:)
This game scares my girlfriend, and she's usually the one doing all the work too. har har.
funny green android robot
pretty fun with freiends
Infuriatingly addicting, Great fun and despair to be had.
A scary game with two completely different experiences. Single player offers more of an atmospheric approach whereas playing with friends is silly, fun, engaging, and still offers plenty of scares. Amazing new take on co-op. Additionally, mods are easy to install and only one person in the group needs them installed to be used by everyone.
muy bueno, altamente recomendable para jugar con los amigos
It's very scary
Gioco molto divertente, spero possa uscire la live action su Pornhub il prima possibile!
this is a game
gordt
Light-hearted horror co-op run-and-loot game. Really great fun with a group of friends. It has the shockingly unique feature of letting you compact yourself down small and hide in cabinets and under small tables. This game is an awesome way to spend an evening with a group of buddies. Not a game for loners.
pongan logros
:3
kinda poop
android funjy
yes
Good scary bot
Whether you play seriously or just for fun, be prepared for laughs and entertainment.
you cant speak when you're dead so make sure you play with the right people, especially not those who trash on you after you die.
big fun, big mad, big happy, big sadA
Trolling and balling in the chaos :3
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
Thats all you need
10/10 me and my mates was playing a game and we all died to a blind man and 360 no-scoped are asses
top
Sosal?
Ta bueno jueguenlo
funny shotgun man
jbl
Stupid silly fun. The best part is the spatial audio and losing your friends. Damn gnomes.
gud game, blu blu blu ble ble ble
8/10
SO fun - One of the best multiplayers i've played in a long time
Lethal Company-like, except for (atleast in Launch) people who really like games with physics and ragdolls. Could very well be a even better game if the difficulty for the Endgame is similar to the Earlygame, alongside with new content, modding and replayability.
Un juego ideal para jugar con amigos y pasar un buen rato, ideal para sacarte una mezcla de sustos y risas, juegalo esta chido
Good game, talented devs
esta genial
Its super fun when you play with friends! Just frustrating at times when the monsters camp. Other than that, it"s a great game/ 10/10 completely recommend!
Primordialmente, gracias. Por ultimo, adios.
fun ash
Fun game to be played with multiple people! Difficult with less people but still worth the $10.00
co op divertido, muito interativo e viciante
This game is so fun to play with friends
mem party, )
- -
if you have friends you will have a grate time on this game but if you don't you will shit your pants
so bad
when you go over 10 strength upgrades it makes putting down little items impossible because they glitch out and go flying when you release them i got to 19 total upgrades and couldn't even put down a gun from the shop without it tweaking out and it shot me. please fix this high levels of strength makes the game so fun to toss around bigger mobs but makes getting quota impossible because the little items go flying anytime you put them down anywhere.
( :) )
fun to play with friends, run pretty well on a laptop!
i peed myself playing this
CHICKEN JOCKEY
very good. would recommend
very funny moments
Playing REPO for the first time
Epic fails i dont.know how to kill all the entities i would be glad if you can click on this video,
Swag
fun
Very fun with friends.
GOTY el que diga lo contrario me la pela
yeeeeeeeeee
Its a good game, if you have friends
AMAZING
Das Spiel ist okay. Verstehe den Hype nicht. Gibt bessere Spiele die weniger sind und am Anfang mehrere Sprachen Anbieten. Bin auf Update und Bugfixes gespannt.
good funny
repo
grat gam
good with friends
fun
10 10
Ridiculously fun
that guy with the red laser ball on his head can eat a bag of d*s
also I got emetophobia and the flying burger guy that makes you
spit acid makes me very upset and I have to take my headset off
when it's attached to me, it would be nice if there was some mod
or emetophobia friendly mode, apart from that decent game, fecal
funny clone and all, but alot funnier, very hard to play alone. 6.9/10
Its fun
Goty
depois de um tempo fica pouca coisa, porem jogo em acesso antecipado, da para esperar muitas coisas novas, enfim, jogo divertido, tanto solo quando party full, monstros divertidos e assustadores quando tem alguns bugs, mas nada que estrague a experiencia por completo, vale a pena full
Tons of fun, and not a bloated mess. I think the whole install took less than 2gb on my system. Can't wait for full release!
Big head ate me. Also got grabbed and pulled away from my friend.
just hit 69 minutes of playtime after playing once.
consisting mostly of me breaking shit and dying-
then i proceed to watch my husband as he tip-toes around and whispers to me asking if I disconnected
(i didnt) (i just died) (he doesnt know i can still hear him) (i am in fact still in the game) (he cant hear me) (he gets scared)
@YungWoobie <3
10/10 would recommend
Can't play the damn game because it doesn't have Inverted Y-Axis setting.
very fun and well polished game
i want to end my own life now 10/10
has very few kinks, can be annoying when items break for the smallest things but thats just how the game is so get used to it (devs pls fix the robe being immortal in higher rounds)
jxty
pra jogar com os amigos, jogar sozinho deve ser bem triste
gostei
made me dumber bc of my friends
muito bom o jogo, bem feito. nota 10
bueno pa la meme
Very funny haha moments
"jump him"
11 10
El juego es muy divertido con amigos y sus ocurrencias hay variedad de monstruos y objetos.
excelente
fire game SUPER FUNNY and great with friends!
Funny Game
)
One of the most fun games I've played with friends in a while.
very fun game
my friend threw me off the map
Muy buen juego para divertirse con amigos, de entender para que quien sea pueda jugarlo sin problemas.
i
yes
ok
Juegazo, ahora eliminen al Pato de mierd#
Stupidly funny game!
buenardo, agus no te enojes por fa
Impossible not to laugh ur butt off when the blind man with a shotgun randomly trips and falls over while ur hiding from him. Most fun i've had on a game with this style in a while. Would recommend to most people
Ta chido
10/10
This much fun is not good for my health!
Very fun game to play with friends. If you enjoyed Lethal Company and/or Content Warning, you'll enjoy this one as well. I've already gotten some good laughs and scares out of R.E.P.O. and I've only played it for a few hours so far. Only thing I can really criticize at the moment is the fact that there are only 3 map types so it can get a little repetitive even though they're randomly generated, but this is just early access so I'm sure more are on the way.
Its fucking amazing
I like it
La mitad del juego consiste en ver como tu amigo rompe los objetos de valor y la otra mitad en que te maten por ver a tu amigo romper un objeto y cagarte de la risa 10/10
Fun game, is definitely more catered to multiplayer though it does have a singleplayer option. Wouldn't recommend single player unless you're a masochist who likes losing all progress because of bad RNG roll LOL Looking forward to updates, hopefully adding new maps and larger lobby capacity
10/10
pretty goated, you know who else is goated? LEBROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON! LeBron is my king, my pookie, my greatest of all time, my lover, my goat, my hero, my mentor, my guru, my leader. Oh also the game is good and fun they just need to add a public server list then its a perfect modern multiplayer game like Lethal Company which in my opinion inspired all these recent horror multiplayer games with that "vibe" I can't really explain it but this game captures it perfectly with the only thing missing is being able to quickly find randoms. Sorry for yapping, 8.7/10 (until they add server list) and very fun to play while baked
great game
Yeah
i scream at 4am
sigma
EL R.E.P.O. llo del Lethla company pero mejor por mucho
funny game
memememememememememememememe
it good
lethal company 2 mas melhorado e bem gostoso de jogar. 9/10. Como sera com mods?
Its basically portal 3 if you think about it
bom
hilarious if you have friends
kv-2
very fun
Super fun game to play with friends and solo. Super accurate physics stuff and the game is satisfying once you learn how to defeat enemies. My only complaint is that clingy ah ducky.
Great game It could be scary and fun at the same time
Divertido e
Pretty darn dope
Genuinely a fun game to play with friends. Playing solo is also fun, but a bit scarier. It is also hilarious most of the time. Many people might think it's just a knockoff of Lethal Company (i did when I first got it), but after playing for a few days I realize it has it's own vibe and plays a lot differently from Lethal Company. It is also very addictive.
obra maestra,es god para jugar con amigos 10/10
Esta divertido jugar con amigos, la interaccion mediante chat de voz lo hace espectacular!
me vine
Robe is my husband :3
its so gooood, but too many bugs
YES
super goofy and fun
SO FAR SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO GOOD
EL REAL BAJE DE PEPA
THIS GAME IS AMAZING and so funny when you have vc but you can play it without and its still fun.
Fun but honestly kinda hard (i really suck)
muito pica
Headman gave me head.
awesome
This game is so funny
lethal company 2.0
Jogo mt bom pra jogar com amigos, quem quiser jogar e so me add pra ter boas risadas
fun game
steal stuff with robot fun
Friendslop 4: Beyond Slop
Es muy brainrot y significa que es muy bueno (para una mejor experiencia usar una botonera con sonidos aleatorios y tener el cerebro quemado)
This game is the next Lethal Company. Great gameplay, fun mechanics, and great for laughs. Would recommend.
(P.S. Please collab with Lethal Company. I'm begging you.)
Boyfriend sacrifices gf? friends abandoning you in state of distress? screams? Yeah, I would for sure recommend. Game is fire.
Really fun
Just got the game because my friend wanted me to play. Must I say it is difficult which makes it awesome and what you can actually do. Including movement, weapons, upgrades and more. I def would say this is better than Lethal Company and the head of your friends when they die is absolutely creepy.
fnny
Esta piola, pruebenlo
it makes me happy :)
amo este juego :)
I LOVE THIS GAME.
But there's A LOT of niche game play mechanics that I really feel need to be worked on.
Enemy Spawns post extraction / Running to vehicle to leave for shop
I love the enemies in this game! I really do, but when it comes to the last minute get away, the spawns are extremely close up and aggressive towards the player. DON'T get me wrong. There should obviously be danger when trying to leave with the 100K+ you just stole from some mansion. But I feel it is extremely sporadic, and far too difficult especially in certain monster setups. I feel like the second the lights go off, the monsters spawn all at the same time around you, in an extremely claustrophobic way. I have lost so many solo runs to patrolling enemies, as I'm unable to move around because there's so many monsters crowding around the small table that i am desperately holding my breath under. I've noticed also, that the enemies that you run past will sometimes teleport in front of the rooms that you are in, furthermore preventing you from being able to proceed to the exit. also, why can monsters spawn in the first extract / bus room?
Enemy AI / Predictability
The enemy AI for the most part of this game, is very well made. The monsters spawns OUTSIDE of post extractions, I think is really well done. I have yet to really feel like there's too many enemies on the map at once. It feels really balanced considering you play your cards right not rushing into rooms without caution etc. But I've noticed a lot of repetition in the enemies spawn areas, where they patrol, and even what seems to be mimicking the players movement (From the floating head specifically). The enemies spawns always tend to be within time ranges from each other, it seems really easy to start to realize when to start being aware; and being able to notice very early when they are going to de-spawn by sometimes avoiding the player entirely.
As i said at the start of this review, I LOVE THIS GAME I AM ADDICTED LMAO PLEASE DON'T HATE, but i really hope that this can bring some attention to the developers with some of the issues that I and many others are having. Cheers to Semiwork on their success, and i will be praying for you guys rise in popularity on REPO!
Absolutely fun with friends!
ye
ok
funni game enjoyable
This game is better than lethal company.
Fun game
foda pra krl
The game is a lot of fun with friends. Endless amount of content to be made from game play. Hope some of the quirks in the game get worked out and it has a bright future. Definitely enjoy the game and it was well worth the money just for the laughs alone.
a
THIS GAME HAS GIVEN ME PURE JOY! I love the fact that it is physics based and you have to actually think versus a lot of games normally are brainless and not stimulating enough for me. Paired with the fact that you can play with friends and it be absolutely down right hilarious. Your characters mouth moving when you speak its the best! Also how the enemies can hear you in multiplayer is next level for me. I know this is not the first game to do this, but it is the first game I played with this feature. It truly is immersive. I could play it forever. The price is also really good $12 CAD to me is a steal for what you get. 10/10 would definitely recommend!
buy it
Like Lethal Company, but better in almost every way. Fun physics, interesting monsters, cool upgrades, and you can get the strap. W overall
Let's be honest, it IS a FUN game. To play alone or with friends.
Very great game
R.E.P.O. is a thrilling cooperative horror game that masterfully blends tension and humor into an unforgettable multiplayer experience. From developer Semiwork, this innovative title quickly immerses you and your friends into the chaotic yet captivating role of robots tasked with salvaging valuable, physics-based objects from eerie, abandoned avoiding monstrous threats.
The gameplay excels in delivering both scares and laughter, thanks to its unique mechanics and engaging physics. The added layer of needing careful teamwork to handle items gently adds a strategic dimension, ensuring each mission is unpredictable and exciting. Proximity voice chat further elevates the immersion, intensifying moments of panic and hilarity as your group coordinates under pressure.
Visually, R.E.P.O. stands out with its creatively designed monsters and atmospheric environments that perfectly balance dread with comedic relief. The community-driven approach taken by Semiwork means continuous updates and improvements, making each playthrough fresh and enjoyable.
Overall, R.E.P.O. is a must-play for groups seeking a memorable co-op horror adventure that perfectly captures the magic of both frightful suspense and cooperative camaraderie. Whether you're laughing at the absurdity or jumping at the unexpected scares, it's an exhilarating ride from start to finish.
ts fire
hahahahha massssssaaaaaaa
Game so boring the only fun thing to do is grief your friends
Good
the game cool B)
yeah
This game is 10/10 with friends and honestly very scary alone. Look forward to see what will be added!
Scary Game
"yall aren`t even a good duo"
literally us: soundpad&r.e.p.o
Evil stamina
One of the BEST games to play with friends. So many fun moments where I've died laughing. You won't be disappointed if you purchase.
I absolutely love this game and there are many great things about it,
1. The main Multiplayer game is hella chaotic fun and is the best way to experience the game
2. Even with no one to play with, the solo game is a great challenge
3. I love the diverse range of monsters, each with their own unique mechanic. I won't spoil all of them but will say my favourite is the invisible man who will just grab you and run away giggling (He saved me twice lol)
Only 2 bad things
1. The icon, please change it to a silhouette of the robots or something
2. There are several places where you can get stuck and soft-locked
you can throw your friends at the monster 10/10
i like repo fun fun fun game very enjoyable
sim
it very fun
THE TALL BLACK ONE KILLED ME
i like when the shadow man thing guy comes out and then suddenly i forget to be serious so i blast fetty wap like im a JBL speaker. :) yay
physics bad
An absolute gem! Expands on the already fun Lethal Company gameplay with a ton of new and fun features that make it a class of its own. Countless laughs and the clips are second to none!
ha ha
This game is fun, playing with friends and the tts system is fun
Que juego hermoso. Con amigos te moris de la risa
GREAT GAME
Yeah
"hey watch out there might be a shotgun man" "theres a monster with a shotgun?" *gets shot* this is peek
There is more nuanced in this then lethal company and that allows for a huge skill ceiling. But that doesn't matter because the gameplay is simple enough for everyone to enjoy.
More maps, loot and monsters are needed for me to stay for longer but Im still having a ton of fun. Im also happy the devs what future content to be tied to be actually unlocked in game. something that has seemingly been forgotten about in the current age of gaming in favor of micro-transactions for every small thing.
i felt braindead
i would recommend
smash objects, friend screams, they gets shot. 5/5 success rate.
Ta divertido pero me muero mucho :c
SHID FART BRIGADE APPROVES
Friendship Destroyer | 999999/10
Great game!
better lethal company
Actually hilarious, a very fun game to play with your friends. <3
I want shotgun
Funny game with friends
REPO - The game where your friendship is as brittle as the objects.
In all seriousness, this game is amazing. The single player mode adds the real "spooky" part of the game. Playing alone makes it feel, E M P T Y. It makes it feel like you're always being watched, no matter where you are. And whenever you try to hide, there is something always looking for you.
The only thing you can do (unless you spend the money) is hide.
If you somehow read this, I recommend getting the game. It is so fun and with friends make it funny.
goood
One update already delivered, but still no Invert-Y for the mouse? I'm told people are returning the game to get their money back, because there's no invert-Y option. It's a really basic feature, and their overlooking it seems a bit obtuse.
I mean - invert-Y makes a lot of sense, if you started gaming with flight simulators and jet fighter games. It's imitating the stick of a plane - push forward for nose down.
The devs even published a link to join their Discord to make comments about the game - a link that doesn't work! I keep getting a response saying something like "You can't join this Discord server." And there's no Steam Discussion room for bug report, or game suggestions.
The game looks like a whole lot of fun, and I really want to be able to play it, but until they fix this simple interface issue, this one's a big No for me.
es un juegasoooooooooooo
Wasnt sure if it was the "flavor of the month" or not but after playing it, its certainly worth the hype!
apenas uma coisa:
grito e risada
cock
This is what lethal company could have been. 1000000% recommend. Awesome game with friends.
fun
Esta muy bueno par ajugar con amigos y sacarse unas cuantas horas de risas
Ekleyin
poop
Fun
the emoji movie but good
jogo medonho
Wah
oper:D
This game is so much fun!
amazing game
Amazing
ts funny
gerch
pretty fun
one of the best games i have played with friends
so funny.
das game ist ganz funny und mal was anderes
i hate the tax man
Best game of it's type. Highly recommend.
The type of game that just adds a chromosome to my friends
this game is an absolute riot
A CHAMBEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAR
great game for such a simple game
best game ever
Better than Lethal Company
very funny, great for playing with friends
it very very goo just like that 1 pound fish
best game ever
Very very fun with alot of people, kinda meh with 1 extra.
If they dont add server browser soon game will flop hard
this game is jokes you can kill your friends and pick them up then dash them across the room
Esta tan bueno como desayunar un culo de brasil.
Agreguen y jugamos.
10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000/10
Este juego es god lo recomiendo jugar con amigos es mil% mas divertido
repoto
nice epic game
Its $10, just buy it
This is the type of game to make you want to sell your friends to the mexican cartel
Este juego me de la depresion de ser argentino pero ser del norte y tener descendencia boliviana
silly robots
yxe
fun
Every moment with monster encounters make the game 10x better. Playing with friends makes it much better
i love this game super fun with friends the only down side i wish they could add like leveling up and maybe the more u level up the more items u can access or something because i feel like every time i play is the same now but its a great game super funnyyyy
BEST HORROR GAME.
GOD DAMMIT I HATE THE FUCKING DUCK SO MUCH AGHHHHHHHH
yuuuuppp
duoo
Super fun with friends! Funny and entertaining without being super stressful.
It super fun to play with freinds and being with the monsters makes it even more fun
This game is terrifying and goofy. can't get over all the intense eye contact. all you need to know is that this game will make you piss yourself laughing.
good
I enjoy tossing things at the monsters.
3
Super fun with friends. the amount of things you can grab and the places you can hide are great. 10 out of 10
we good
BUEN JUEGO
im like whats up hello hey
this game makes me want to bask my head into a wall over and over and over again. animals can burn and rot in the pits of the nether biome.
I wouldn't play it by myself but with friends its super fun. im a chicken tho
super fun with friends!
Buggy as shit, but when it works it's fun.
R.E.P.O.
Goofy all the time, Scary when it wants to be, Downright addicting.
really goofy and funny
funny gaem. should buy and try. (IF YOU HAVE FRIENDS)
lethal company but you can flush babies down toilets
MONEY
O jogo pode melhorar, obrigado.
BOM QUE CONSEGUI CONVENCER 10 AMIGOS MEUS A COMPRAREM O JOGO.
Dito isso, fenomenal, divertido quanto lethal company, mas aqui eu sinto que mais divertido, mais puxado pro lado sabe?. consegue reviver seus amigos, carregar seus amigos, dar choque, dar descarga neles, para rir e rir muito, mas saibam que possuem servidores dedicados, para jogar precisa sim ou sim, ter amigos ( caso queira jogar multiplayer ).
Very fun game, would recommend. Excellent gameplay, will most likely be more fun after a few updates with new maps (at time of game release there are only three), more monsters (there are already a bunch of good ones, so not so much this one), and more items (a lot of them have fun mechanics, would be cool to see what new ones devs can think of). great game with friends, 2 player is good for a bit more of a difficult/scary experience (if other guy dies you are alone), three or more is a bit more funny/less scary. beware of duck i hate that dude, and cannot wait for duck barrel next update. 10/10
GOD
ta bueno
yaas slay R.E.P.O queen
9/10, got killed by a man with a shotgun, which as an American reminded me of my day to day.
jogo maravilhoso
great game
OH MY SILLIESSSSSSS
Si no gana el GOTY me cambio el nombre
mol phoda
loses it's charm after you figure it out and start metagaming
funny and jump scares are cool
parecido com Lethal Company e Content Warning. O diferencial dele que ele mais focado em Ta bem polido pra um jogo em Early Access. Bem Da 6 jogadores. Os devs bem ativos, parece que vai ser atualizado constantemente
R.E.P.O. is an exceptional early access horror game that masterfully blends fear with comedy. Despite currently offering only three maps, it delivers numerous scary, goofy, and humorous moments, making it a fantastic choice for groups of friends. The developers have brilliantly infused comedic elements into the horror genre, eliciting a wide range of emotions from players. It's remarkable how the game can distract players with lighthearted goofiness, causing them to momentarily forget the lurking dangers that require constant
A standout feature is the game's meticulous interactivity. Simple actions like adjusting items in the cart to accommodate more objects or maneuvering larger items enhance the immersive experience. This design appeals to players' organizational and puzzle-solving skills, even in basic tasks like item arrangement. It would be wonderful if the developers expanded this interactivity to include environmental objects, allowing them to serve as single-use weapons or be movable. For instance, my friends and I attempted to transport a large, valuable object but lost approximately $4,000 when it got stuck on an immovable bottle embedded in the
While I highly recommend R.E.P.O., certain aspects could be improved, particularly concerning enemy
The Huntsman: This enemy is straight up perfect! This blind enemy shifts gameplay into a "Quiet Place"-like scenario. Its presence induces paranoia, compelling players to whisper and tread carefully. The inability to alert teammates without risking detection adds to the tension, especially when witnessing friends fall victim to
The Floating Head and Slenderman: These entities are terrifying and enhance the horror atmosphere. The floating head's silent charge, accompanied by its menacing stare, is particularly
The Rugrat: This enemy can be discouraging, especially when it appears early in the game. With limited means to counter it due to insufficient strength, players often resort to run around and away to protect their carts. A potential solution could involve implementing a mechanic where loud noises, such as shouting at it, would scare it off, aligning with its childlike But if a player doesn't have a microphone, typing out threats (nothing too vulgar, or else the Rugrat might throw an item at you) will also do the trick. For even more fun, the game lets you use text-to-speech, where your tone changes depending on whether you look up or down. Looking up might make your voice higher-pitched and could make the Rugrat knows, it could be a distraction with benefits or drawbacks. Looking down, though, lowers your voice and might actually scare it off. Cool little feature that adds some strategy.
The Duck: Although endearing, the duck becomes frustrating when it fixates on players. Its mechanic of following the screen's center and jumping when the player looks up increases the likelihood of accidental contact. It's particularly vexing when the duck becomes hostile after colliding with objects, even if unintentional. Introducing a system where the duck only becomes aggressive if an object with sufficient velocity hits it, rather than the duck initiating the collision, could alleviate this Also introducing a "patience meter" that requires periodic interaction to prevent agitation could enhance this mechanic, adding depth and engagement and potentially "boring" the Duck away from the
Gnomes and Bangers: Generally manageable, these enemies become overwhelming when the game darkens post-extraction, leading to increased spawns. While escalating difficulty at this stage is a good feature, spawning multiple groups simultaneously can be excessive. Players aim to escape rather than engage in prolonged combat during these
Among the games I've played, I have immense confidence in these developers to refine R.E.P.O. into a masterpiece. Even after 18 hours of gameplay, I see its vast potential. I hope the developers consider this feedback: enhance the horror elements, amplify the comedic moments, reduce frustrating mechanics, and introduce more enemies that transform gameplay dynamics to deepen immersion.
Game of the year, unironically.
repo good
My friend gave me backshots
Hilarious with friends
Lo que Lethal Company nunca pudo ser
ignore the god awful emoji thumbnail
This game has it's jump scares, but the comedic gold when playing with friends is absolutely astounding! You gotta play with friends on this game
gud
Super fun and silly recommend with friends :-)
Stupid game.
I fucking love it
We all knnooww yyyooouuurrr ffffaaaavvvvoooorrrriiiitttteeee iiiiittttteeeeemmmmm. tttttteeeeeennnnnn/tttttteeeeeennnnnn nnnnnnnooooooo nnnnnnnnooooooootttttttteeeeeeeessssssss
sI
Le jeu est une MASTERCLASS sans nom. entre potes, vraiment je recommande fort
love the game for what it is. keep it up
amazing
bepo
nice game fun with people
uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUuuuuuuuuuuUUUUUUUUuuuuuuuuu
TE DISTRAE UN RATO
6/5 there are SAUNAS in the game
so funny with friends
Fun, trust
BOM PRA CARAI COM OS AMIGUES
I like to hit my friends with the cart
Hilarious, chaotic fun!
Beware the Duck. Had an entire flock of ducks chase me down once. 10/10 would die to ducks again.
xD
ike
W
According to all known laws of aviation, there is no way a bee should be able to fly. Its wings are too small to get its fat little body off the ground. The bee, of course, flies anyway because bees don't care what humans think is impossible. Yellow, black. Yellow, black. Yellow, black. Yellow, black. Ooh, black and yellow! Let's shake it up a little. Barry! Breakfast is ready! Coming! Hang on a second. Hello? - Barry? - Adam? - Can you believe this is happening? - I can't. I'll pick you up. Looking sharp. Use the stairs. Your father paid good money for those. Sorry. I'm excited. Here's the graduate. We're very proud of you, son. A perfect report card, all B's. Very proud. Ma! I got a thing going here. - You got lint on your fuzz. - Ow! That's me! - Wave to us! We'll be in row 118,000. - Bye! Barry, I told you, stop flying in the house! - Hey, Adam. - Hey, Barry. - Is that fuzz gel? - A little. Special day, graduation. Never thought I'd make it. Three days grade school, three days high school. Those were awkward. Three days college. I'm glad I took a day and hitchhiked around the hive. You did come back different. - Hi, Barry. - Artie, growing a mustache? Looks good. - Hear about Frankie? - Yeah. - You going to the funeral? - No, I'm not going. Everybody knows, sting someone, you die. Don't waste it on a squirrel. Such a hothead. I guess he could have just gotten out of the way. I love this incorporating an amusement park into our day. That's why we don't need vacations. Boy, quite a bit of pomp. under the circumstances. - Well, Adam, today we are men. - We are! - Bee-men. - Amen! Hallelujah! Students, faculty, distinguished bees, please welcome Dean Buzzwell. Welcome, New Hive City graduating class of. .9:15. That concludes our ceremonies. And begins your career at Honex Industries! Will we pick our job today? I heard it's just orientation. Heads up! Here we go. Keep your hands and antennas inside the tram at all times. - Wonder what it'll be like? - A little scary. Welcome to Honex, a division of Honesco and a part of the Hexagon Group. This is it! Wow. Wow. We know that you, as a bee, have worked your whole life to get to the point where you can work for your whole life. Honey begins when our valiant Pollen Jocks bring the nectar to the hive. Our top-secret formula is automatically color-corrected, scent-adjusted and bubble-contoured into this soothing sweet syrup with its distinctive golden glow you know as. Honey! - That girl was hot. - She's my cousin! - She is? - Yes, we're all cousins. - Right. You're right. - At Honex, we constantly strive to improve every aspect of bee existence. These bees are stress-testing a new helmet technology. - What do you think he makes? - Not enough. Here we have our latest advancement, the Krelman. - What does that do? - Catches that little strand of honey that hangs after you pour it. Saves us millions. Can anyone work on the Krelman? Of course. Most bee jobs are small ones. But bees know that every small job, if it's done well, means a lot. But choose carefully because you'll stay in the job you pick for the rest of your life. The same job the rest of your life? I didn't know that. What's the difference? You'll be happy to know that bees, as a species, haven't had one day off in 27 million years. So you'll just work us to death? We'll sure try. Wow! That blew my mind! "What's the difference?" How can you say that? One job forever? That's an insane choice to have to make. I'm relieved. Now we only have to make one decision in life. But, Adam, how could they never have told us that? Why would you question anything? We're bees. We're the most perfectly functioning society on Earth. You ever think maybe things work a little too well here? Like what? Give me one example. I don't know. But you know what I'm talking about. Please clear the gate. Royal Nectar Force on approach. Wait a second. Check it out. - Hey, those are Pollen Jocks! - Wow. I've never seen them this close. They know what it's like outside the hive. Yeah, but some don't come back. - Hey, Jocks! - Hi, Jocks! You guys did great! You're monsters! You're sky freaks! I love it! I love it! - I wonder where they were. - I don't know. Their day's not planned. Outside the hive, flying who knows where, doing who knows what. You can't just decide to be a Pollen Jock. You have to be bred for that. Right. Look. That's more pollen than you and I will see in a lifetime. It's just a status symbol. Bees make too much of it. Perhaps. Unless you're wearing it and the ladies see you wearing it. Those ladies? Aren't they our cousins too? Distant. Distant. Look at these two. - Couple of Hive Harrys. - Let's have fun with them. It must be dangerous being a Pollen Jock. Yeah. Once a bear pinned me against a mushroom! He had a paw on my throat, and with the other, he was slapping me! - Oh, my! - I never thought I'd knock him out. What were you doing during this? Trying to alert the authorities. I can autograph that. A little gusty out there today, wasn't it, comrades? Yeah. Gusty. We're hitting a sunflower patch six miles from here tomorrow. - Six miles, huh? - Barry! A puddle jump for us, but maybe you're not up for it. - Maybe I am. - You are not! We're going 0900 at J-Gate. What do you think, buzzy-boy? Are you bee enough? I might be. It all depends on what 0900 means. Hey, Honex! Dad, you surprised me. You decide what you're interested in? - Well, there's a lot of choices. - But you only get one. Do you ever get bored doing the same job every day? Son, let me tell you about stirring. You grab that stick, and you just move it around, and you stir it around. You get yourself into a rhythm. It's a beautiful thing. You know, Dad, the more I think about it, maybe the honey field just isn't right for me. You were thinking of what, making balloon animals? That's a bad job for a guy with a stinger. Janet, your son's not sure he wants to go into honey! - Barry, you are so funny sometimes. - I'm not trying to be funny. You're not funny! You're going into honey. Our son, the stirrer! - You're gonna be a stirrer? - No one's listening to me! Wait till you see the sticks I have. I could say anything right now. I'm gonna get an ant tattoo! Let's open some honey and celebrate! Maybe I'll pierce my thorax. Shave my antennae. Shack up with a grasshopper. Get a gold tooth and call everybody "dawg"! I'm so proud. - We're starting work today! - Today's the day. Come on! All the good jobs will be gone. Yeah, right. Pollen counting, stunt bee, pouring, stirrer, front desk, hair removal. - Is it still available? - Hang on. Two left! One of them's yours! Congratulations! Step to the side. - What'd you get? - Picking crud out. Stellar! Wow! Oouple of newbies? Yes, sir! Our first day! We are ready! Make your choice. - You want to go first? - No, you go. Oh, my. What's available? Restroom attendant's open, not for the reason you think. - Any chance of getting the Krelman? - Sure, you're on. I'm sorry, the Krelman just closed out. Wax monkey's always open. The Krelman opened up again. What happened? A bee died. Makes an opening. See? He's dead. Another dead one. Deady. Deadified. Two more dead. Dead from the neck up. Dead from the neck down. That's life! Oh, this is so hard! Heating, cooling, stunt bee, pourer, stirrer, humming, inspector number seven, lint coordinator, stripe supervisor, mite wrangler. Barry, what do you think I should. Barry? Barry! All right, we've got the sunflower patch in quadrant nine. What happened to you? Where are you? - I'm going out. - Out? Out where? - Out there. - Oh, no! I have to, before I go to work for the rest of my life. You're gonna die! You're crazy! Hello? Another call coming in. If anyone's feeling brave, there's a Korean deli on 83rd that gets their roses today. Hey, guys. - Look at that. - Isn't that the kid we saw yesterday? Hold it, son, flight deck's restricted.
Game is super fun with friends 10/10 Recommended
si gusta
BEST GAME EVER ITS SO FUNNY AND WILL BE CONTENDER FOR GOTY
GOTY de 2025
-{ Graphics }-
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☐ Good
☑ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
-{ Gameplay }-
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
-{ Audio }-
☑ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
-{ Audience }-
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma
-{ PC Requirements }-
☐ Check if you can run paint
☑ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
-{ Game Size }-
☐ Floppy Disk
☑ Old Fashioned
☐ Workable
☐ Big
☐ Will eat 15% of your 1TB hard drive
☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it
☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data
-{ Difficulty }-
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☑ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
-{ Grind }-
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☑ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
-{ Story }-
☐ No Story
☑ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
-{ Game Time }-
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☑ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond
-{ Price }-
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
-{ Bugs }-
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
-{ ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☑ 9
☐ 10
hehe many hahas
EXELENTE JUEGOOO AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA BATA EU BATA IO LPM BATA EU
Fun with friends
good game
Melhor jogo pra se divertir com amigos sem tiltar kkkkkk sinto falta de achievements!
fun game
funny ah eyes
super fun to play with friends or just by yourself
tried to pet a duck then died good game
fun but my friends are stupid
no te metas ahi. mierda es eso? UN OSO WACHO!
Honestly I enjoy the game when it works
The last two days have been littered with disconnects and broken audio so I'm kind of at my wit's end over here
Also being limited to 6 players is kind of a*s, which then makes people look for mods to change that aspect and therefore breaks it more
8/10 game when it works, 1/10 when it doesn't, avg about a 5/10
Still recommending because from our 8 people I'm the only one with so many issues which tells me it may just be my PC/internet (everyone else lives somewhat closer to each other)
its fun with friends
I loved that you are given minimal instruction, but have an absolute blast learning to navigate with friends. :)
Goofy ahh game
I think im safe?
Naaah game says: nope
pipebomb in a skull
Much more fun and engaging than my experience with Lethal Company, tbh. Excellent for playing with friends, can't wait to see where the developers take this
10/10 scream with your friends
Very fun and funny for multiplayer.
This is the game of the year 10000% recommend!
games cool but i just wanna say I remember semiwork way back in the day when they were Thunderhumor, and its really nice to see them get a huge hit game! Really excited to see what these folks do next
Currently living in the era of goated indie games, this is no exception.
So fun!
Drags on for too long and is boring as hell.
best game ver GOTY
good with alcohol
vv periodt slay queen but i hate the big molester black dude
fun
cheap
easy to run
the reason not to buy!
Come on guys
Slightly scary. Tons of fun.
ahhhhhhhh
Definitely much more fun with friends but I've also been having a great time playing solo. This game is also way better than content warning in my opinion as it feels more fleshed out.
i like watching my friends explode after getting attacked by a flying head
good
48
good
Its fun for a short time of fun, but it is one of those games where its super cool ideas but absolutely terribly executed.
JAJAJA
best games ever. would be cool if they added sandbox.
Very great :3
No detecta el microfono
Ah yes. Let us go into the place and steal from monsters. Nothing ever bad happened to people who stole from robots.
I watched my friends die in the most funny ways in existance if theres a game that you would have fun with friends its this one
ima make you pump like that
SMURT ZA AFRO-AMERIKANCITE
Blows Lethal Company out of the water, played it for over 2 hours, did not at all feel it. Will be playing more and dragging more people into it, cause this was some good stuff.
No joke when i get angry my friends hold me back at school bc im kinda strong and sometimes if I'm really angry my eyes turn red no joke once my eyes turned red and we had to go in lock down
lethal company but funnier
fun
[spoiler]Do you love the way I do when I'm lovin' your body?
Hey, do you love the way I do when I'm lovin' your body?
When I'm lovin' your body, l-lovin' your body. [/spoiler]
SI
da miedo si pero siempre te cagas de la risa con tus amigos
good game
pene
ree poe
Funny haha game :)
ts a gooner game
need friends to play but its fun solo
Funniest shit since Lethal Company
I can scare my friends and I can slam babies on the ground so automatically 10/10
But honestly, an amazing game that has so much potential, the small team of devs over at semiwork are working hard on it and it can only get better from here.
I highly recommend!
blind gun guy make game funny
friend got gutted right in front of me 10/10
Funny, make lots of racial slurs, fun with friends, and a lot of bacon egg and cheese cheese cheese
GOTY
Genuinely super fun, and now one of my favorite games to play with friends. I can't wait until it comes out of early access
VERY FUN WITH FRIENDS AND IF YOU'RE DRINKING AGE GREAT IDEA FOR A FUN TIME.
garbae game you cant do shit or even have fun the dump ass dev think that having monster spawn on top of you the one shot you is fun then when you do get some space you cant stop agro monster need to stop attakcing for like 1 min god dame you cant just have then rap use and then we say your game is good its not then on top of that a baby cant pick shit up that i cant say i need two people to pick it up then that dump ass baby cant yeet it at me so dump dev is just a retarted for all this trash shit
fire
phenomal game
This is the funniest game I've played in a long time. I'm so excited to see where this game goes in the future.
Love them silly lil robots!
Funny Bobot Game, Terrified alone because I have no Friends :(
w GAME
This game is so much fun! Just get it!
Banger wish there were more monsters but that can come with time
Thought my friends were dumb, discovered that I am actually dumber
pretty fun. prett ybased. pretty. uhhh. ahhh. mmm. pretty good.,. yea pretty good. yup
esta muy bueno, pero que dejen guardar partidas porque se me borran
tough
Android player models? Check. Silly physics? Check. Monsters that are both hilarious and terrifyingly overpowered? Check. This game is great for multi players and love it. The amount of shenanigans that occur is unbelievable.
Very good game
robot rock
fun chill game to play with friends
live laugh love repo
fire
iyi oynayan ekip topluyorum oynamak isteyen varsa discord.gg/mercuis discorda
Played 10 minutes, did tutorial, started single player game.
First door I opened contained 4 small gnomes, they attacked me until I died. Tried again.
Second attempt:
Got a few collectibles then a monster grabbed me to take half my health before disappearing. Went through next door, big monster waiting in there killed me.
You call this fun? Wasn't scared in the least, just a complete waste of 10 minutes.
Es divertido pero eso recomiendo que tengan amigos para jugarlo solito PS no
good game fr
fun
silly robits make money for the taxman. failure means you get sent to the battle royale trash pile.
la wea diwrtisa
i like hunting down people and this game makes the role reversed so it was fun being on the other side of the stick and getting hunted down for a change becasuse normaly I do the hunting on small indivauls.
muy chistoso
hooligans
Similar to Lethal Company and Content Warning where you play as a silly goober and go into the evil monster place to get valuables except theres a few improvements.
1. no running back and forth from the extract site and where valuables are (the truck spawns directly in the side of the facility and the extract points are also inside)
2. the game is constantly fair instead of getting so hard you basically cant win (there are upgrades to player stats that you can buy in shops)
also just a really fun game
>be me
>see blind man
>be hiding with friend
>blind man comes close
>friend screams "blind ass bitch"
>i fucking die
>he was nowhere close to me
>confusion
Jogos assim precisa de um bom voice
Es muy divertido y mas si lo jugas con peruanos
Honestly I can't get enough of this game. It's fun, funny, and actually fun to play solo. This might seem like another Lethal Company and a bad game because of the emoji, but trust me, it is not. I love this game, and you should definitely try it.
I was playing with my friends and one had a train go by their house. My friend became train. Very fun and easy to pick up (literally left click). I'm excited to see how it develops! :)
yes
10/10
W
baguette
Worth every dang penny! The eyes on these things make for some of the best comedic timing! Highly recommend to play with voice activated mics.its just so fun!
games amazing and fun i just hope more down the road it has a matchmaking for those people who don't have friends or have friends to play with to be able to join other people's lobbies and stuff like that. that would for sure make it more fun.
FUN INTERACTIVE GAME TO PLAY WITH FRIENDS
si
most unserious horror game ever
repossessing my life rn
Is just 100% FUN!
el juego es muy bueno
great game fr fr
fun horror game with friends
un juego muy divertido para jugar con colegas
Fun game to mess around on
Most fun ive had in a while, its good for laughs and its a better experience with friends. Its also just a good game to do solo runs on.
shit is the bomb
Ridiculously fun. The spooks are good. It plays better with more than 2 players IMO. Some of the enemies could feel a bit more balanced. There are enemies that will one-shot you from two rooms over without you ever hearing or knowing they exist or even being able to know they exist if they happen to see you standing up. The hunter's weapon should have damage inversely proportional to distance so he doesn't just end runs if he catches you in a room with no hidey holes
Better than lethal company.
i played thing game with my friends and one of them screamed at a monster and got us both killed so yeah very fun game 10/10 would recommend
This is fire
hell ye
Fun with friends
Best fun game 2025
Great Game. Should add a Mini game to play when dead. Maybe it can affect the rest of the game like gives a small amount of money on completion, or increases health when you're revived.
Super fun game.
es una cgue ed risa comprenlo 10 de 10'
R.E.P.O. - A Flawless Triumph in Game Design (11/10)
In a gaming landscape saturated with familiar tropes and repetitive mechanics, R.E.P.O. emerges as a groundbreaking masterpiece that shatters expectations and redefines what video games can achieve. From its pulse-pounding gameplay to its deeply immersive narrative, R.E.P.O. is not just a an experience that stays with you long after the credits roll.
At its core, R.E.P.O. weaves together an intricate web of gameplay mechanics that challenge the player in every possible way. The seamless blend of strategy, action, and exploration creates a perfect storm of tension and excitement that keeps you hooked from start to finish. Whether making life-or-death decisions or uncovering hidden secrets, every moment in R.E.P.O. feels meaningful, unique, and unpredictable.
The art direction in R.E.P.O. is simply stunning. The world is a visual feast, offering rich environments that are meticulously crafted, each more breathtaking than the last. Every corner of this game tells a story, from the smallest details in the environment to the grand landscapes that stretch beyond the horizon. The character designs are equally impressive, with each individual possessing a depth and personality that make them feel alive, even within a fictional universe.
But the narrative that truly sets R.E.P.O. apart. This is not just a a profound, emotional journey that touches on themes of life, loss, and redemption. The plot twists are gut-wrenching, and the way the story unfolds is nothing short of brilliant. The characters are multi-dimensional, with motivations that are complex and relatable. As the narrative deepens, find yourself emotionally invested in every choice, every dialogue, and every outcome.
Gameplay is where R.E.P.O. truly soars. The combat system is fluid, intuitive, and exhilarating, offering both accessibility for newcomers and depth for seasoned players. The difficulty curve is perfectly balanced, rewarding both strategy and quick thinking. a game that never lets you feel overpowered, keeping you on your toes and constantly adapting to new challenges. The level design is intricate, offering both linear progression and rewarding exploration that begs you to return to discover every hidden secret.
The soundtrack is an absolute triumph, perfectly complementing the emotional and atmospheric tone of the game. The music shifts seamlessly between moments of intense action and quiet introspection, and the sound design further heightens the immersion with every click, clank, and whisper.
R.E.P.O. is a game that excels in every gameplay, story, reaffirms why video games are one of the most powerful storytelling mediums of our time. It just challenges, provokes, and leaves a lasting impact on anyone fortunate enough to experience it.
An 11/10 just a a declaration that R.E.P.O. is in a league of its own. a game that redefines expectations and sets a new standard for possible in the medium. If you played it yet, do yourself a favor: jump in and experience the brilliance of R.E.P.O. not just a game; a revolution.
Despite the horrible emote logo, which makes this feel a 3rd grade asset flip, it's one of the funniest and more engaging co-op games i've every player. Lovely humor and sense of style.
This game is awesome.
Simple objective in a fast paced game mode.
The robots are amazingly funny with their talking/face/eye animations.
Things the game needs going forwards:
1: Match Making lobbies
2: A way of having preset messages that your robots talk out (if you don't have a mic, typing is just way too slow. You cannot shout out something and run)
3: More customisations for your robots. (please not a microtransaction shop!)
This game is legit the most fun i've had in a long time. It's hilarious.
Cannot wait to see how this game progresses. Keep up the good work <3
bruh, addicted
sama haba da babba
gud
she repo on my bepo
the goat
DONT TOUCH THE FREAKING DUCK
super fun scary goofy game with lots to do. buy this shit!
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
Hawk tuah
very fun game to play with friends. i highly recommend to people who like goofy horror games :P
Mil veces mejor que lethal company
its good and shit
buenisimo para jugar con amigos
silly
Juegazo 100000/10
fun w/ friends!
UN OSO WACHO
the game is really good
very funny
EL MEJOR OJALA Y NO LO ABANDONEN LOS DESARROYADORES AQUI AY MUCHO GAMES SI LE METEN PROVECHO
Fantastic game with friends, everything we were looking for and the mods have been top notch so far!
jogo para jogar com amigos
very fun
rapaz o jogo bom resenha d+ com amigos, tem um terror nun nivel legal e lembra um pouco lathel company que mais e mail dificil
Es muy divertido y dinamico
UN MALDITO BASTARDO CIEGO QUE TIENE MEJOR AIM QUE TU, YO Y TODA LA COMUNIDAD JUNTA!
ENCANTO! 10/10 CON AMIGOS)
An actual convo that happened while playing this amazing game. Me and my friends are all terrified of horror games as well, it makes this so much better.
"*pulls up map sees player count go from 5 to 2* Well everyone is dead what do we do?"
"*friend who is hiding with me* Should we try to be hero's? They know we'll die before we get to extraction."
"Screw it let's go if we die we die. *proceeds to rev 1 friend only to be trapped by the monsters*"
"Sooooo what happens now?"
Other then that I love this game and highly recommend this game
I like this game. Its pretty f
bastante divertido con amigos y los mods xddd
This game fun
Threw friend over ledge (he deserved it), beat monster to death, beat second friend to death accidentally. 10/10
Es un buen juego entretiene demasiado ademas sus mobs son buenos y las risas no faltan
i think this game is really fun to play together
it looks fun but add online
good
Its fun!
PLAY IT! PLAY IT NOW
Repo Repo Rapido Muerto go boom
Joguei foi emocionante zueiro muita raiva mas compensa sim pode comprar
its sooo fun. doesnt cost a lot and it brings so much laughter hahhaa. love the game mechanic and the voice chat
Very fucking fun spent 50% of my time screaming and thee other 50 being dead
pretty good
fun game till you get touched by a ballsack laser shooter
My anger rises, but quota fixes that.
i like it
bryant myers
I hate big heads
funny game, sometimes with some bug but it is ok because it's a game in development. The game with other people is very funny.
100% Quality
I can see the big potential and it influences my hate for little ghost baby's that steal my stuff
Very fun with friends
KILL THE DUCK!
addicting
Yes, very good
Por 10 pavos, renta, te echas unos buenos ratos con los compadres
great
Ragdoll physics are FUNNY! You can trap people in chest slam doors on peoples faces & run people over with C.A.R.T! I recommend you buy this game! SUPER FUN!
kocham
this shi fiah
Boom
literally the funniest game ever with or without other people. ive heard a rumor its a horror game tho idk what thats about
Muy muy entretenido, sobre todo para jugar en grupo
divertentissimo da giocare con gli amici
Product good. Buy good product.
Muito bom, pra jogar com 3 amigos ele super legal!
10/10
hilarious fun and excitement. can be played seriously or as a complete joke. fantastic game
resenha
very fun
Very good, I like. Monsters seem OP at first, but you learn how to deal with each one after a while. Its a blast with many friends.
18 heures sur le jeu, je trouve que le jeu est bien avec des mobs et des bien Le mode multijoueur est captivant, surtout l'utilisation des micros pour la sonore des ennemis. Cependant, le gameplay devient rapidement et les parties finissent par perdre de leur J'attends avec impatience les prochaines mises jour pour voir comment le jeu
10/10 fun and funny AF to play, better than any AAA game thats come out
anyone know where to get the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles mod?
Funny
j'adoreeeeeeeeeeee
Una obra maestra, tremendo juego 10/10 y GOD
Funny bots, Funni monsters, Funny deaths. So col game. I'm on laptop that can't even play roblox on full graphics and the game runs smoothly when i turn the graphics down. Very cool fun game you should get. Solo and multiplayer are fun too play also.
funny head man named headwin and ugly flipping alien called howard fun game
fun and funny
Amazing game
peak
INCREDIBLY also good for solo
good'
Se parecen mucho al fracasado de agustin los personajes
very funny game
si
i laught so hard my stomack muscles cramped so hard i had to take meds to get better still a blast with 6 people 9/10
This game is great to play with others!
Horrible thumbnail, amazing game.
-
I SWEAR TO GOD IF I GET ONE MORE RUGRAT I AM GOING TO LOSE IT
gaaaaaay
this game truly make me show my hatred of babys
Very interesting game! It's fun to play with friends :D
you got to get this game its literally the best thing you can play now with friends super fun!
very fun, I actually enjoy this one more than lethal company. I hope to see more fun mini games type stuff for when you fail your repo and have to battle your friends
Very nice!
cant gamble but thats ok
FUNNY AND GOOD
10/10
pretty funny game to play with friends, if you're a loner with a boner, this game isn't for you.
game is dogshit
The game is a blast to play, and there are so many funny moments that bring a smile to my face. 10/10 right now, and I trust the developers on their promises because the clips they're showing for the in-progress things for their WEEKLY videos explaining the current situation on the game, things a lot of developers don't really do. Can't wait for the full release and if you have friends, go wild! I was gifted the game by one of my friends, so I don't really know the price tag, but whatever he paid for it, I can insure is 100% worth it.
-{ Graphics }-
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☐ Good
☑ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
-{ Gameplay }-
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☑ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
-{ Audio }-
☐ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
-{ Audience }-
☑ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma
-{ PC Requirements }-
☐ Check if you can run paint
☑ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boy
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
-{ Game Size }-
☑ Floppy Disk
☐ Old Fashioned
☐ Workable
☐ Big
☐ Will eat 15% of your 1TB hard drive
☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it
☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data
-{ Difficulty }-
☐ Just press 'W'
☑ Easy
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
-{ Grind }-
☐ Nothing to grind
☑ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
-{ Story }-
☑ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
-{ Game Time }-
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ To infinity and beyond
-{ Price }-
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
-{ Bugs }-
☑ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
-{ ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☑ 8
☐ 9
☐ 10
10/10 cei mai buni 10 euro investiti in viata mea (nu recomand)
My friend sounds like a microwave
literally lethal company but for low ends and even funnier in some cases, holy moly!
kokok
buen juego pero deverian multijugador para que asi gente sin amigos entre a divertirse con randoms si hablen del mismo idioma
Fun with friends
In 2023 we got Lethal Company.
In 2024 we got our hands on Content Warning.
And in 2025 we have been blessed with yet another "horror" co-op game which is the R.E.P.O.
Doesn't matter if you are moving stuff or just chilling around you will likely get killed by your friends both intentionally or by accident. Also this game is really something with soundboards and it even makes sense for the small androids to make various sounds. The monsters here are terryfing except the duck (the duck is your friend and you need to touch it and it will lead you to expensive item). But the best part it that you can bully your friends while holding them on a "leash".
I highly recommend grabbing this masterpiece for because it's worth it and with mods it's even more funnier and chaotic.
le jeux est vraiment super
tres drole entre amis si vous etes un joueur solo votre chemin
good
oyun lutden degistriin
Los monstruos buenos al igual que los mapas, pero le faltan mapas por lo que se hay 3.
el juego es divertido
Awesome game with friends, Scary game alone, but either way very fun.
No better game to play together with family and friends! HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
Goofy, funny, and hilarious mechanics, overall, loving it!
It's fun when I'm able to find people to play with.
ITS SO FUNNY
i love this game, is awesome
es un exelente juego con amigos exelente para pasar el rato
Very fun.
crying out loud
Es un juego muy divertido, especialmente con amigos
Absolutely amazing game to play with friends! You always get a good laugh! Monsters are great and loot wise is also good.
This is one of the greatest releases since Lethal Company, bare in mind, Lethal Company, was an award winning game, that's how much I believe in R.E.P.O.
Its an absolutely fantastic horror-esque multiplayer, thats funny and can be sweaty at some points, but it is SO worth the download. If you liked Lethal and there style of game, download R.E.P.O. and see for yourself.
como detesto a los bebotes que te tiran cosas
l
Juegazo, en definitiva este juego tiene el potencial para llegar aun mas alto, espero que los desarrolladores sigan por el buen camino
my bf burped, my mic picked it up so I got shot by the man who likes to fall down the stairs
muy bueno me encanto porque son todos unos peruanos
Got brutally molested countless times. 10/10
The system of objects losing value from damaging them is ANXIETY SIMULATOR XD
Fun game, plenty of laughs with friends, feels like a breath of fresh air after lethal company!
i just think it's neat
Fun
SECOND QUOTA FUCK YOU TRE FUCK YOU
bom, parece um bolo de chocolate
Fun game, while it may have some flaws, its still brings a laugh. Though, play to have fun, the moment you begin sweating, the more easy it gets and the less laughs u have. Always bring friends, even randoms.
Very very fun to play with friends and looking forward to the new upccoming updates and full realease!
sexo
me parece muy buen juego por la entre terror y cosas divertidas con un objetivo en el cual es realizar la entregas, lastimosamente todos mis amigos son unos autistas que en vez de evitar a los monstruos los llaman y intentan matarlos con la bolsa de dinero alias el castigo financiero, sin mas que argumentar comentar decir escribir charlar y hablar me despido no sin antes darle un saludo a mama, hermano, hermana, hermana, luquitas, favorito, Arthur, dulci, a pato, a lauti, al santi, al tiago, a ahesito, a cama, a colegio, a mis zapatillas, a mis medias, a Messi, a de Paul, a lamine yamal, al fortnite, a mbappe, a abuela, a abuelo, a bisabuela, a la pump, al cara el escopetero me escucha, a antony y a los creadores de repo, bien hecho
wi wi wi
great game to play with friends
this game will definitely win a game of the year
Heavily inspired by the hit game lethal company, yet it lacks a differentiating factor that would make me play this instead of the said hit game. However at the current moment the game is at early access and therefore maybe once fully completed it would turn out to be something i would actually want to play it over the well made games it is inspired of.
Great game
Endless hours of screaming and crying from laughter. Some rounds love your friends, others want to throw them away because they stop breaking Would pay double or more to have this kind of fun. If on the fence about buying it, JUST DO IT
really good game needs more monsters and levels
fun
Very enjoyable since I typically get to scared to do much in games like this, but I actually clutched up pretty often in this game with my friends.
good game fr fr
TRALALELO TRALALA
Buen juego divertido y me eh reido como nunca lo recomiendo
repo
crazy game frfr
plays like hardcore lethal company but so much funnier
putamadreawela que buen juego, un bicho me secuestro y me cague de las patas.
10/10
i got scared, but laughed a lot more than the scared i was 11/10 game
ITS GOOD
This game makes me feel like i am Harley Quinn, breaking into someones house with a shopping cart and stealing all their cool valuables.
peak.
es muy bueno
juegazo
Its fun and its FUN trust me
LOVEEEEEE THISSSS
gnomes
QUE RISAS JAJAJA
funny
3
GOOD
ta diver
Great group game, easy learning-curve, game can be hard but its mostly fun times with lots of laughter
Sigma
Most fun I've had in a while!
This game is absolute chaos. From the platforming, to the monsters, to your team. The amount of times you will laugh your ass off watching your teammates stumble to their deaths is amazing. I just wish items in the shops had a lower increase per level in price to allow for more people to have stat upgrades. Other than that, please, please, PLEASE, look into getting this game. You won't regret it.
this game is funny and also the robe lady is stinky
que epico
Este juego da mucha risa ESPECIALMENTE con tus amigos, recomendadidisimo para pasar el rato con los panas a lo que sea. Si bien tambien se puede jugar en solitario, tiene un sistema de escalado y dificil, lo que lo hace desafiante aunque lo conozcamos por los memes.
ggooooodd
This game slaughtered my grandmother
100% love this game, the graphics and goofy handling of the game plus the genuine fear of the monsters is 10/10 I wouldn't change a thing lol
i was yelled at for throwing my friend at a monster so we didnt lose money 10/10
Good Game
hopefully it gets better because its hella buggy rn
g
good
Fun
y
as hilarious as it seems on all the youtube vids
lots of fun
Repo es divertido con amigos, se puede indentificar cual de ellos tiene un problema mental grave.
Funny friend game, pants will be soiled.
game of the year
Hilarious and scary at the same time. Tons of fun with friends. A most have!
Funny game
deje el sexo por una nueva
uyp
fun
Oh Mr. Lebron
awesome game scary yet funny as hell
Richtig Nice!
I'm not the best gamer, but I had a blast playing this with friends
R.E.P.O. is an incredibly fun and immersive experience, especially with friends, but playing solo cranks up the tension to a whole new level. The small details and atmosphere set it apart from other games, making every session feel fresh and thrilling. Definitely recommend!
love this game great to play with friends or by yourself (which i dont do very often) 10/10
ITS 10 bones just try it brokie
bmn hbhsAGVFc Aljwreukyhfdavzb l.kISFXZJHEWFd bndazx
Only fun if stoned
EL MEJOR FOKIN JUEGO KE EH JUGADO
its a great game
Funny mouth flew at me. Now my voice funny. Suddenly I feel sick. Profusely throws up on friends and items! What a game!
better lethal?
Bon jeu dans l'ensemble sauf que le c'est qu'il n'y a aucune sauvegarde donc on perd toute notre progression a chaque fois (pour les personnes qui veulent aller loin c'est et surtout, lorsque une personne crash, il y a aucun moyen de retourner dans la game
Very cool with friends
she Retrieve on my Extract 'till i Profit Operation
I hate the duck.
Hay 3 cosas en mi opinion que son equivalentes a la diversion que da este juego:
Tocar una teta
La paja
Mujer ajena
Le metes dos o tres mods (obviamente es obligatorio el de musica pal carrito) y todavia te cagas mas de risa
um jogo bom so n tenho amigos pra jogar junto
buen juego, me violaron
tis fun an scary
Funny robot game with EVIL STINKIES.
me ha sacado unas carcajadas pero demasiado XD, una experiencia ultra recomendada
exquisito, ojala y no lo abandonen
s
It's only comedic horror until you have enough mines and grenades to blast everything, then it becomes doom.
entero malo
Got to shoot a clown laser in the face, then slam it with a frog. 10/10 game
its very fun game to play with friends.
Na minha bem mais chato e repetitivo do que parece.
silly silly game
fun but hard at times
better to play with others
Yeet Game! 99/10
NIGGA
ded pizdes strashni
fun
Banger game
muy bueno
nada mas que decir
10/10
This poison makes me to like this game.
Very fun. I love when one of my friends goes off alone and then I hear muffled scream from the direction he went
its really fun its just like leathle company, and its fun to play with friends!
Esta bien divertido
Super Gierka Mega Bardzo mi podoba :D
not as fun as lethal company, maybe in a couple updates
ta bueno
i'm running for my life while my friends blasting Again by Fetty Wap is crazy man
obsessed, can't stop thinking about playing everyday with my friends.might try solo repo O_O
Super fun
o jogo e mt daora recomendo na proxima precisamos de servidores de outros jogadores abertos pfv
really fun especially with unhinged friends
Challenging and hilarious. Looking forward to see how the game develops further
888
c lethal avec des gros yeux marrants
Highly recommended
I really love this game! its extremely fun to play with other people.
expensive
bem legal
[h1]R.E.P.O. Review: Finding the Fun in Co-op Chaos[/h1]
If you're seeking an engaging co-op game for friends, [i]R.E.P.O.[/i] deserves serious consideration. I've enjoyed [i]Lethal Company[/i] and especially [i]Content Warning[/i], but [i]R.E.P.O.[/i] stands out for me. The main reason? It [b]consistently delivers genuinely fun and hilarious moments[/b], more frequently than I experienced elsewhere.
[h2]The Fun Factor: Organic Comedy Engine[/h2]
This stems from how [i]R.E.P.O.[/i]'s systems interact organically: unpredictable [b]item effects[/b], dynamic [b]enemy behaviors[/b] interacting with the environment and players, chaotic [b]physics[/b], and expressive [b]character designs[/b]. It feels less like waiting for a scripted event and more like a playground generating natural fun through gameplay. This constant potential for emergent fun is a core part of its appeal.
[h2]Gameplay Loop & Depth: Addictive and Rewarding[/h2]
Beyond the fun, the [b]gameplay loop[/b] is compelling and quite [b]addictive[/b]. [i]R.E.P.O.[/i] balances simplicity (easy to understand initially) with a satisfying [b]layer of depth[/b] revealed through [b]unlocking upgrades[/b], learning [b]enemy mechanics[/b], and understanding [b]level layouts[/b]. These elements feel [b]seamlessly integrated[/b]; tasks, enemies, and progression work cohesively within the world design.
This depth leads to a tangible sense of [b]progression and mastery[/b]. You notice the difference between initial clumsy attempts and later, more coordinated runs. Recognizing patterns, developing strategies, and feeling more control is key. The depth isn't overwhelming for new players but is significant enough to make continued play rewarding. This learning curve is a major reason returning feels so good.
[h2]Replayability & Progression: Making Restarts Meaningful[/h2]
That sense of [b]progression[/b] ties into [b]replayability[/b]. Losing means [b]restarting[/b], but it isn't harsh with experience. Early levels become a quick [b]warm-up[/b] and a chance to immediately [b]apply lessons learned[/b]. It respects player time and skill development, making the loop feel less like a grind.
[h2]A Note on Singleplayer vs Multiplayer[/h2]
Regarding singleplayer, I haven't played much beyond the tutorial nor felt drawn to it. While the game has depth and might work solo (perhaps its original concept), I doubt it offers the same brilliance as multiplayer. [i]R.E.P.O.[/i]'s popularity stems from [b]multiplayer interactions[/b]. Clips, reviews, and my own memories highlight playing [b]with friends[/b]. The shared experience is central. Playing with friends is highly recommended, though public lobby mods exist as an alternative if needed.
[h2]World Interactions & Future Updates[/h2]
[b]World interactions[/b] are vital to what makes [i]R.E.P.O.[/i] special, though some magic relies on the [b]"first impression."[/b] My hope, acknowledging the small dev team, is they maintain steady [b]content updates[/b]. Adding [b]variety[/b] (items, enemies, challenges) is crucial to keep it fresh and prevent repetitiveness long-term.
[h2]Technical Aspects, Mods & Quality of Life[/h2]
Technically, [i]R.E.P.O.[/i] isn't demanding, a plus for [b]accessibility[/b]. It runs on modest hardware, welcoming console players on basic PCs or casual gamers. Its straightforward start also lowers the barrier to entry. However, the [b]lack of in-game options[/b] is noticeable. Native [b]ultrawide aspect ratio support[/b] and adjustable [b]FOV control[/b] are missing. Thankfully, mods like [url= fix this. More granular sound controls would also be welcome.
The [b]modding community[/b] significantly enhances the experience with essential [b]quality-of-life[/b] features. My primary recommendations (via Thunderstore) include:
[list]
[*] [url= (Increases player limit)
[*] [url= (Allows joining mid-session)
[*] [url= (Changes upgrade application)
[*] [url= (Syncs upgrades for late joiners, use with LateJoin)
[/list]
Important note: Multiplayer mods like these generally [b]only need host installation[/b], simplifying setup for friends. Regarding [b]TeamUpgrades[/b], it addresses vanilla's tough upgrade scaling in large groups, though balance needs care. A balanced [b]native solution[/b] for these QoL mods is desirable.
Beyond those, other useful mods enhance the experience:
[list]
[*] [url= (Required framework for mods)
[*] [url= (UI library for some mods)
[*] [url= (In-game mod configuration menu)
[*] [url= (Removes pixelation effect)
[/list]
Ideally, much of this QoL functionality would be integrated into the base game eventually.
[hr][/hr]
[h2]Conclusion: Highly Recommended Co-op Chaos[/h2]
Overall, [i]R.E.P.O.[/i] is an [b]excellent co-op experience[/b]. Its consistent fun, addictive loop with rewarding depth, and charm shine, [b]especially with friends[/b]. While mods (easily managed via Thunderstore) currently fill QoL gaps, the core game is fantastic. Highly recommended for fans of emergent co-op chaos.
Jogo muito daora, mas tem uns bugs tipo no clip. Ta de boa
the enemies need to bee nerft
RUNNNNN
Pato filha da puta
Its amazing
good game
otimo game
ts is lwk good and I enjoy ts
A very fun game especially with friends, though i do wish buying stuff after the first level was a little cheaper. but that is just a personal preference. overall gameplay, levels, monsters i would give all a 9/10 - 10/10
game is fun, game is game. nah seriously this is fire, me and my mom play it. i highly recommend this game!
DaBaby nejlepsi oponent
Meu cachorro latiu e eu morri, bom jogo.
10/10
fun game with friends.
Fun game, good times to be had with friends. I just really hate the emoji, it's been a turn off for a lot of people I know from getting the game but thankfully managed to look past it and just play the game. I'd recommend this for a shits and giggles session.
um jogo, muito e pelo que estou vendo os Devs escutam a comunidade, uma boa jogabilidade e fisica o jogo realmente so bom se tiver amigos.
fun, hilarious, def recommend! 10/10 game
me encanto el juego espero que lo actualicen con mas variedad
Literally one of the funniest and most fun games I've played recently. Proximity chat is very well done and adds to the humor. However, the monsters are still pretty scary and add some very funny and scary clips. I like the text to speech and the animations of the robots, really makes them feel alive. I cannot wait to see how this will be with customization and cosmetics. I cannot wait for more maps and level variety but it is still very much fun.
Peak!
10 10
brabo
Its such a good game me and my dad and my cousin played it. it is truely amazing
GOTY Material, better than Lethal Company.
Very fun
Amazing game. Good for groups but you can solo. So much fun!
This game is very fun and goofy, I got so many funny clips
10/10, I haven't lost this much sanity due to friends since I played Uno
very fun with friends
very amaze
Se le ven maneras a los devs de este "Letal Company". similar, pero divertida. se juntan terror y risas a partes iguales. Por lo que vale, y el potencial que tiene, no puedo que recomendarlo. Tiene un equipo de desarrollo consciente de la fortuna de ser el pelotazo, y que le tienen a su juego.
this game is so chaotically funny
repo more like poopo hohohohohohohohohohohohohoho
blya(
funny game
top
fun
The game itself is amazing, the graphics, the gameplay, its evolving, you find something new every round, and the little robots are adorable.
descobri que sou bom chingado os outros de burro
I keep getting gnomified
bom
SKBIDIS ARE IN THIS GAME AHHHH
ballsacks
lots of fun!
Variado y duvertido
i slammed a blind man to the ground (would do it again)
wwwwwwwwww
A fun game, lots of screaming, laughing, and hiding. Whatever kind of trust you have with your friends it'll get tested and you'll realize most of them are complete idiots and can't be trusted with valuables but that's what makes this game fun :)
-
i absolutely love this game! having real fun with friends! so much laughter and scared screams! i do reccommend to people who looking for a fun game with friends
pene
no ta, linga guli guli
10/10
10/10 my friend keeps yelling at me cause i run into her fucking plates
yes
Best game to play whit friends!
da risa y es terrorifico cuando estas solo
fantastico
Fun game to play either alone or with friends and very challenging
buenardo
muy buen juego
"I'm not gonna talk."
Si, para jugar con amigos es brutal, sobre todo si tus amigos son unos cabrones. Recomendable 100%
amazing game
a
Not really my cup of tea, as someone who loved Lethal company this game tries too hard to make you do funny stuff while having just a really shallow uninteresting gameplay loop, personally if you like lethal company this is going to just be a less serious less interesting version
es mejor con gente pero muy guay
i love this game its so stressful and fun
ts is so peak bro
get it with your friends TRUSTTTT
the game is hilarious, me and 1 friend have been playing it and its endless fun, the floating head terrorises is tho
The game would be more fun without monsters.
I really love the moving company feel of the game, and the player characters are really cute. But the monster design in this game really sucks. Anytime a monster appears, they kill the momentum of the game. Since you are more encouraged to hide than fight, the game becomes a slog as you wait for a meandering Ai to get out of the way so you can get back to the fun part, moving boxes around with your friends.
The individual monsters are also pretty unfun to face, a lot of them having wonky or unclear mechanics
E MUITO BOM E DE JOGAR COM OS AMIGOS KAKAKAKAK
sick
The best game to play with friends without needing the perfect PC or too much storage space You can play for hours without ever getting bored and laugh so much in this game
muito divertido!
I enjoy everything in this new game. I hope to see match making soon and maybe not have the eye spawn on truck extract when its time to leave xD
Good
increible para pasar el rato con amigos
da
Absolute cinema game fun with friends and a lot of trolling, definitely worth it and for me, game of the year.
Loaded In.
The Robot Next To me Got Shot And Died.
Grabbed His Head To Take To Extract.
Got Ran Over By Other Robots Screaming About Omni Man.
Made It To Extract And Brought Robot Pal Back.
He Came Down Blairing Fetty Wap.
10/10 Would Recommend.
Its like a better Lethal Company but the only problem is that you cannot load up a game with random people, you can only play with your friends.
You need the right people to make this fun!
4
complete utter shite with overpowered cunt enemies. fix ur wank sad excuse for a game
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Fun for the whole fam. Best enjoyed by people 5 and above
cool gaem
nice
good with friends
yes
Yes, I would totally reccomend for people who like to play games like, Lethal Company, Content Warning, Helldivers 2, etc. Don't mention the ambience which is so bone shaking its crazy. Me and my friends love to discover lore, and just really, have a thrilling time in R.E.P.O.
R.E.P.O. is a game where you deliver scraps and junk such as pocket watches, globes, gasoline, and other mysterious items. After that you deliver all your junk to the extraction point and leave. if you can avoid the monsters that lurk around every corner.
the funny
Never laughed so hard!
Funny gameplay.
a
que gracioso
Seems like a fun game, I just wish I'd known there wasn't any online matchmaking. None of my friends have it so I'm going to have to return it. If you can get a group together to actually commit to playing, I think it would be really fun.
play ts
nashex
jogo bastante divertido, joguei com meus amigos e me lembrou muito da epoca de l4d2.
"recebi de gratis" por uma amiga @Malu
just wait until the gambling update.
good
Pillbot bites the curb
god help me. My team gets absolute destroyed by a reaper i throw a bundle of grenades they split up kill the reaper i take the reaper thing back to sell, i slip, it breaks, i turn around and get murdered by the baby throwing a tv at me. What a classic.
Very fun although i crash a lot and still don't know why.
Playing with my paraplegic sister is so much fun <3333
sigme
bla bla bla ble ble ble hap blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu bluu luk luk lingan guli guli guli
pretty cool
i love it
Fun
ITS SO FUN
Much Fun
ejszczerzemegamocne
grate gam
this game is ravioli approved
This game will be compared to Lethal Company by many, but I believe that this game is truly unique from the experience outside of the "cash collection" that occurs in the game. This game is does not take itself seriously in any way and that's one of the reasons why I enjoy it so much.
This game largely relies on friends in order for it to be fun, and boy is it fun when you've got the homies running around collecting things, breaking things, fighting things, and dying from enemies and the levels. Looking forward to see how this game progresses and gets updated! Thank you for making somethings so enjoyable!
this game is pretty fun and you get to play with your friends too!
IT really is just stupid fun game to play 10/10 stars
funny and way better than lethal company
Cara R.E.P.O um jogo de e(OU) perfeito pra jogar com amigos (talvez futuros inimigos).
Eu e meus amigos fizemos uma de um e foi algo. Logo depois, um velho abriu a porta bem devagar, eu dei uma risada, e ele simplesmente estourou a minha cara com uma carabina (o velho cego, ele ouve mto bem).
10/10, totalmente e algumas vezes desesperadora.
I remember one time I was playing, and my friend drop kicked me into the extraction point, and I died. LOL, RIP me xD, You win some you lose some, live, laugh, love! Thanks for reading this messsage!
gostei
Its just addicting and fun
hilar
snazzy
muy divertido para jugar con los amigos ^
i got shoved into the toilet at the shop
AMAZING best horror game i have ever played.
honestly the game is really fun i didnt have high hopes for it but now i find it the funnest game ive played in a minute.
very funny to play as parties
Tenia miedo no me podia mover y al otro lado mi amigo siendo comido por una cabeza calva con menos barba que mis pl.
greatest game of 2025 fixes the meme depression and makes me bust everywhere 11/10
Grabbed friend, launched ta monster, friend got killed, i died laughing
GOOD
fun fun very fun fun
10 20
D U C K Y
Funny game with funny friends
If you couldnt R.E.P.O YOURSELF IRL then you can do it IN-GAME
Juegazo, es de lo mejor que he encontrado para jugar con amigos y sacarnos buenas risas, el miedo pasa a ser algo secundario. Lo recomiendo 100%
meilleur jeu en co-op
good gmae
i really like that game, for now there is a fair amount of content but i hope there will be more on the way. the game is fun to play with friends and to mess around with the mechanics.
is a very nice and entertaining game
PPPTNNNNNNNNNNNN
*ahem* oh mY GOD WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT
Literally just lethal company but better
very fun
trust me u wont regret buying this game
caca
COOL game but i don't get the concept behind the devs logo
fotm
(pour tous nos francais) je recommande ce jeu a 1000% le jeu peux etre jouer seul comme a plusieurs
c'est encore une demo mais il existe de nombreux mod qui rajoute une plus valu au jeu
les mob et les objet sont bien penser mais peu ce compte les maps de voir les prochaine misa
je me regrette pas mon achat nombreux sont les fourire passer avec mes amis (incr aussi en solo)
ce jeux est dans le meme style de lethal company mais en moins flippent et en plus agreable a jouer et plus amusant
je comprent la hype autour de ce jeu depuis que j'y joue il est vraiment bien
les mods raj vraimeennnt quelque chose je vous invite a en mettre (thunderstore) vous pouvez regarder des tuto pour les utiliser mais a plusieurs c'est vraiment drole
bref acheter ce jeu il est vraiment bien seul ou a plusieurs je recommande
Super
I watched all my friends explode 10/10
good game
juegazo (con amigos)
Duck is indeed the Apex Predator
its the best game to release that cost money this year, and maybe of the last decade
fun gaim verry skary
eye physics/coder deserves a raise
allt skoj spela att spela med och mvh mr pizza
add inverted option
No in-game online, community is stuck up asf, great game. 8.5/10 Lethal company better, but not very comparable. Should buy, first buy if on sale.
R.E.P.O es un juego indie que combina sigilo y de recursos en una experiencia y En este asumes el papel de un agente de de bienes embargados, lo que significa que te a situaciones absurdas, clientes furiosos y hasta amenazas inesperadas mientras intentas cumplir con tu trabajo.
Jugabilidad y
El juego destaca por su mezcla de de problemas y combate ligero. No se trata solo de recoger objetos, sino de planificar estrategias para entrar, recuperar y salir sin sufrir demasiadas consecuencias. las de sigilo y la con NPCs profundidad, a pensar antes de actuar.
y
Visualmente, R.E.P.O adopta un estilo caricaturesco con toques oscuros que encajan perfectamente con su humor y narrativa. La refuerza la de estar en un mundo donde todo puede salirse de control en cualquier momento.
Historia y humor
La historia no se toma demasiado en serio, y radica su encanto. Con llenos de sarcasmo y situaciones bizarras, el juego logra mantenerte entretenido mientras te adentras en el mundo de los embargos.
R.E.P.O es una propuesta refrescante para quienes buscan algo diferente. Su de estrategia, sigilo y humor lo convierte en una experiencia divertida y Aunque puede sentirse un poco repetitivo a largo plazo, su creatividad y lo hacen valer la pena.
8/10
i go steal a diamond
i steal a schizophrenic girl
she breaks everything i stole
she stays
i have a friend now
10/10 would steal a schizophrenic girl again
awesome freaky game
gud gaem
El juego es bueno, mis amigos no
el juego esta zarpado en maleducado 10/10
I've never screamed and laughed so hard within the same .5 seconds before, immaculate game
30
This game is both funny and scary, making it probably the best game ive ever played! recommend this
Very much fun yes
very fun with friends, i enjoy the different shapes your character can be
Really good fun! Wish the tutorial had a part about the monsters and attacking them with objects and respawning, otherwise 10/10
Sounpad essek varsa
simplesmente o lethal company shitpost
10 10
Divertido quando com amigos
aids
honestly just lethal company but funnier
A ton of fun with friends and also if you like speed (both the drug and increased movement speed) do the following:
1. Have at least 3 stamina
2. Slide by running and then crouching
3. Time a Jump near the end of the slide
4. While midair press the ragdoll button
5. Stand up and if you did it correctly you should have 2 or 3 stamina already too loop it from here
I got molested by an invisible man and then got thrown into R. Kelly wearing a black robe
i died
i love this game, i think its really fun. BUT the enemies i feel need to be nerfed quite a bit, they camp where you and your friends are, and have no cooldowns at all. the mask as soon as it gets off you its chasing you again, laser has no cooldown, megamind has no cooldown, i think the camping and cooldowns need to be changed pretty bad. me and my bf have been playing just us two and its pretty bad to advance, getting insta camped level 1 is insane. Overall i do love the game, really just those need to be tweaked and fixed, still early access too so hopefully it can be fixed soon <3
Un jeu juste simple et super fun surtout avec un groupe de copain
il gioco carino da giocare con gli amici, ma crasha in continuazione quindi fa perdere un po' la pazienza. Spero lo sistemino presto
Best game of 2025. highly recommend
ball break im cryings
best game ever, i love shouting flint and steel in super deep voice holding the timer!
REPO
Vino un viejo con una escopeta y me metio la escopeta por el orto
stupid fucking robots
great game
As a person who does not like horror games at all, this is fun, i like this.
recommend
it good
This game is alright
fire
i absolutely enjoy this majestic game i have a shit tone of fun everyday. DEFINITELY RECOMMEND
This game is SUPER addictive and fun! The atmosphere in the levels is off the charts scary! Finessing items into the cart while avoiding monsters can be very intense. Each monster has a "weakness", and learning how to deal with each one is crucial. I've only made it to night 4 on single player, but I can't put the game down. The game NEEDS like 5-10 different maps. There are currently 3. However, even with the limited map variation, each map is different than the last, because the levels are randomized. 9/10 TOTALLY RECOMMEND!
Me and my friends love playing it and its really stressful when you are trying to run away from monsters but also really funny. Would recommend to play with a few friends at least, very funny.
pop like that
Easily one of the best games to play with friends. Anyone can play and anyone can laugh.
Un peu explosif, mais sinon nickel
its so epik and supa scare
increible
Jeu de fou avec de rigolade infinie et Par contre nique le papy y a pas a entendre aussi bien. avec de multiples chenapans tout pour le content on rigole bien
good game
What it really feels like to be a repo man. Scarily accurate even.
good
bibapeluba
good gameplay
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
With recent games, R.E.P.O has definitely had its rise, with this being the new Lethal Company. This game is quite fun and crazy! Anything could happen! As chaos begins it really just gives you and your friends a good laugh, would recommend.
Still banger, better and funnier x10 times that lethal company. Not a game for 30min, you still gonna play this solo or with your friends. Banger, 10/10.
Ps. trying to do a video about this, a gameplay, because its feels so relaxing to watch people playing this as well.
i liked everything
znajomego 10/10
best early game acces ever made 10/10
oLE
Only thing I hate about this game is its steampage banner.
THIS GAME. THIS GAME. THIS GAME HAS ALLOWED ME TO REALIZE THE COMPETENCY or lack there of, FROM MY CHILDREN AND FRIENDS AROUND ME! Oh let me fumble every high value item i pick up and squeek or giggle at the inopportune time. Ive now come to the realization that im alone, im alone in the fact i cannot rely on anyone around me to LOCK IN and get to the next level. Image your neighbors, children and friends around you not being able to complete the simplest of tasks and panicking in tense situations. What am i to suspect if there is a major even IRL. This game is just a simulation. Ive assessed the players and have noted them IRL in a ranking system in how theyll preform during the zombie appocolyse or an invasion. Its not looking well folks. but yet i digress, Play the game and test those around you. See their strengths and weaknesses and make notes like i did. This is strictly preperation for something bigger, this is not fun but necessary. GOOD LUCK TO YOU.
si
Simulador de okupa promedio en 10/10.
its fun to play but the baby is annoying asl
its very funny to play this game :)
good game for good price just wish more of my buddies played it.
Muy buen juego lo que para disfrutarlo es necesario jugarlo con amigos pero de es de lo mejor que he jugado 10/10
You go in, You take, You run, You hide, You die, You fight ur friends, and you repeat.
You go in, You take, You run, You hide, You die, You fight ur friends, and you repeat.
You go in, You take, You run, You hide, You die, You fight ur friends, and you repeat.
You go in, You take, You run, You hide, You die, You fight ur friends, and you repeat.
You go in, You take, You run, You hide, You die, You fight ur friends, and you repeat.
You go in, You take, You run, You hide, You die, You fight ur friends, and you repeat.
You go in, You take, You run, You hide, You die, You fight ur friends, and you repeat.
You go in, You take, You run, You hide, You die, You fight ur friends, and you repeat.
You go in, You take, You run, You hide, You die, You fight ur friends, and you repeat.
And in between all that you sit and think about why you're spending all ur time in ur life playing a game about robots hiding from baby ducks.
And then you go in, You take, You run, You hide, You die, You fight ur friends, and you repeat.
please get rid of that stupid ass emoji
very good yes
:)
MALDITOS GNOMOS
Me parto el frenillo con este juego y eso que lo tengo descapotado 10/10 JUEGAZO.
Lethal gibi ama daha para VAR.
I really wanted to enjoy R.E.P.O., but I can't even get past the loading screen. No matter what I verifying files, updating just hangs indefinitely. Meanwhile, my friends are playing, and stuck troubleshooting instead of having fun.
A multiplayer game is worthless if you actually play with others. Devs need to fix these issues ASAP. Until then, I recommend it.
0/10, would love to actually play the game someday.
Zajebista gra, polecam bo
got picked up by a shriveled ballsack with my partner and got shot by blind Elmer Fudd
The floating head turns me on in so many different ways I can't.
En bir anda bok anlatan bir oyun. KAFAMA
Polecam!
Such a goofy lovely game big love super enjoyable, funny stupid well optimised fun
just good quality fun with friends
Gameplay | 10/10
logo | 0/10
ehehe lots of financial loss
that's a really fun and cool game. i enjoy it a lot
A fun and engaging game that might have taken some clear inspiration from phasmophobia and lethal company, but in a very charming way. It's all wrapped up into a fun package. I love everything from the little character animations to the mix between silly and spooky. It works really well. The perfect level of engagement to play for a few hours.
Also the devs are super wholesome, and I want them to succeed
NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE
e
love potion scary
meglio r6 cod rocket
Ci :3
se jeux est trop bien et cool pour de la coop on peut aussi jouer en solo mais je recommande la coop
ye.
very good game
Iba caminando tranquilamente hacia el punto de control tras un nivel, iba tranquilo ya que el enemigo ido justo para el lado contrario al que yo iba a ir, entonces decidir ir corriendo al punto, en ese trayecto un ojo me pego un susto, grite como un perro siendo atropellao y mi padre se levanto de la cama y me pego un guantazo por el chillido, desde entonces me faltan dos dientes pero el juego esta muy guapo 10/10
ye
10 10
10 10
men annars as kul
Hunter op
symulator cygana (rusina) ale jako
its lethal 2
Yum.
fuck this shit
got 360 no scoped for picking up a pot 10/10
this game is just too cool i love it
Good fun play game. i have fun you will do the fun too
very fun in a group of 4 or more players
los 10 euros mejores invertidos de mi miserable vida
a friend gifted me this game. While the game is much like it counterpart. the main diffrenice is the little guy you play, the Physics alone is funny. and the unknowingly funny moment you'll end up in. but also a good horror game. There were many parts i can feel my heart rate go up
Chistoso a no poder, para lo que vale es totalmente worth.
a
Love the game. It's a lot of fun when playing with friends!
good
Yes
este juegito es mui dibertido me rekuerda kuanbdo yo i mi tia mobiamos los jarrones de la kasa i uno se rompio i luego salieron como polbito i mi tio se enojo tanto ke le pego a mi tia con un palo de escoba i a mi me pego mui fuerte contra la mesa i me desmalle jkaja ese tio estaba todo lokito mui buen juego, deberian aser mas como estoz
hem korku hem var oyun
Grande jogo!
Esta divertido, y aun con amigos
Repo good
best game ever played so peak no mid
govno
i am the one getting yelled at most of the time.
In all seriousness, this game is, most of the time, better than Lethal Company. Dying in this game isn't boring, usually when someone dies it's incredibly funny, and the best part is that if you do die, you can get revived shortly afterwards. The lore seems to be there and incredbly interesting, despite having no spoken lore.
Gameplay wise, I'd give this game a 10/10. Being alone feels alone, and you never know what's behind that next door. The choice to add a silent killer that can one shot you, but incredibly easy to spot already feels like a step up from lethal company. It's also funny that the most silent monster in the game is the loudest when it is killing someone, so if you hear it, you know it's somewhere on the map, you just don't know where.
And the fact that through enough game time, you can eventually treat the killers like clay pigeons and just throw them around is also incredibly satisfying. Onto the players. They're fun and simple. Easy to recognize, like other games like this, but also just does it so much funnier. Instead of picking things up simply, you use a gravity gun from Garry's mod to pick everything up. Makes everything so much funnier yet so much more intense and terrifying, for example. You have something expensive in your hands that can crack easy, but you think you heard something behind you. Do you drop it incase it's something that could kill you, and lose all that money, or keep on and potentially die?
And the fact that the characters in this game talk like south park characters is so much funnier. Like, the text to speech is phenomenal and I often see myself using it a ton in games, compared to games like Lethal Company where it's completely irrelevant if you have voice chat.
Game is nicely balanced, and I'm more than elated they're going to add the d u c k b u c k e t.
good with friends especially when you blame then for everything you do wrong.
Funniest game ever haha
silly
100/10
unas ganas de cojerme a la vieja de las cuchillas
kolege do dziury
Banger
fuck that spewing guy
very fun game to paly w freinds
muy buen juego online para jugar con tus amigos
goty
fun
ahhhhhhhh
Muito bom
A pretty good physics based extraction game, definitely better with friends. Is not terribly spooky but you'll need to be stealthy at times.
gra jest nudna, nie nie dobra lecz chcesz gre przynajmniej 3 osoby do grania ;)
funniest silliest game to play with friends, cannot wait for future updates
Jogo foda pra caralho, mistura terror e humor
Very nice, we like to sabotage each other!
difficile que ce soit en groupe ou solo mais
GOOD GAME
Kul coop spel
123
Good
good
10x better than lethal Company!
Playing single player requires more strategy and focus on the goal. Which I like the challenge to be more accurate on what I am doing.
1) Steal stuffs
2) Make Moners
3) Die
4) Buy health
5) Friend bumps into you
6) Die again
10/10 would recommend
This game is fun to play on your own and with others. i highly recommend it.
good
want to scream at monsters and slap your friends?
Este juego es realmente divertido, ni siquiera siento que haga falta tener mucha gente para bien, yo juego solo con un amigo y nos lo pasamos genial. Las risas nunca faltan. Ahora mismo estamos en el nivel 9. Una vez entiendes los monstruos y sabes como lidiar con ellos el juego da lugar a un progreso bastante satisfactorio y entretenido. Tu mismo eliges tu estilo de juego, y un solo movimiento en falso y puedes costear toda la run.
grave sympa en multijoueur prend meme pas 1G pour un jeux qui franchement et comme lethal companye
Non so quante volte sono crepato dalle risate. Giocare a questo gioco con gli amici diverte moltissimo. Per non parlare del lavoro di squadra necessario se si gioca in gruppo.
Repossess the grass and trees.
juegazo
yes
Lethal Company on steroids
WHY IS A GAME WHERE YOU LOOK LIKE A STORY BOT SO FUN?
lol
good
SPOOKY
must to play if u got friends u literally testing ur friendship ur friend breaks something u break his head very fun game watched my friend touch a duck and get killed infront of me
Lovely Coop Game
Never had this much fun feeding my friends to eldritch horrors. Also, remove the rugrat
Juegazo, hagan al ciego mas justo y es goty
10/10
MiSide
Super geiles game macht mega kann ich nur weiter empfehlen.
Awesome game, so fun with friends. I love beating my co-workers into oblivion after they destroy the last 2000 dollars we need for quota. (I hate the screamy floor face dude with a firey passion)
Juegazo pero si estas con amigos si no no lo recomiendo
C'est tellement ennuyant
Its actually really fun
acorde amor, o novo lethal company
tiho che dqdoto mnogo slusha
Pour moi encore meilleur que Lethal Company, me suis des barres de rire jouer plusieurs c'est vraiment fun
Sometimes I feel like this game is TOO funny.
I love how goofy the avatars are. Especially when you're playing with friends/siblings.
]
this game can be fun for a little while but then it's just annoying. Having to fight for your life trough a level cause there r monsters there is quite fun but once u extract it takes about 8 hours to get to your ship since there r 12 diffrent monsters just walking around a single room that just so happends be the one that you're in. Finnaly getting to extraction with 3k worth of loot on a level 9 mission cause once some stupid ass ghost loses u and decides to destroy all your shit for fun would be okay if not the fact that an upgrade that costed 2k inflates it's price to 80k in a span of a single mission. Then finnaly once u get a weapon to fight with u can use it 3 times before going back trough the entire map just to get 3 more uses cause u can't afford any crystals if u want to have enough strenght upgrades to pick up more than uranium plate and a frog toy.
Game with Milkshake show ass characters
It's fun, personally I enjoy this more then Lethal Company.
This is fantastic
Gioco molto meme da fare con amici
Hola estoy jugando no se como entrar
MUITO BOM MSM
Na juegaso
game is mid tbh. it is fun for a while but only like an hour. except for the cute lil guys u play lethal company is better. looked more fun on youtube
v gud
Probably one of the best early access games I've played despite it being somewhat repetitive. More fun than a lot of AAA titles and can't wait for more content
The only thing i don't like about it was the fact when I'm recording the game audio and myself, the effects like the time slower don't show in the recording and it just sounds normal.
+
very fun with my friends and i really love it the only part i dont like is playing by yourself because you have to do everything yourself maybe if there was bots it would be better.
FUN
Text to speech is NOT cencored
"Hermano que guapo, pero no veas que guapo, pero hermano 100% recomendable, hermano alucinante, pero hermano mola un huevo pero esta flipante." - Una de un un latino.
grand
miluju
10\10 360*
esta bueno pero no tengo amigos
1 4
Daily routine:
-Be chased by a very fat clown that's under 5.2 Feets.
-Get into the house of an old guy and steal his TV.
-Get bitten and chased by a little duck.
-A muslim getting mad becouse i looked at his face.
-Going to the market just to realize everything is overpriced.
-I get home and i turn on the pc.
-Play R.E.P.O.
-Die at the first level by three megamind's
10/10, will do it again twomorrow.
<3
Singleplayer: horror game
multiplayer with friends: comedy
Otizmli varsa iyi gibi
jogar com pessoas que resenha, fica muito bom
JUEGO QL WENOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOo
esq repovich es god
I LIKE GAME
cool
`leuk
HAOWAN
great game
Very funny game 9.5/10
5
yes
funny android robot go brrr
best game.monsters are ballanced unlike lethal company and the maps are big enough.10/10
This game is great. First you're carrying a grand piano, next you've hiding in a box watching the blind guy with a shotgun walk past the piano and the head of your friends corpse. 10/10
The health system in this game is awful.
Being revived at extraction stations may as well just be delaying the inevitable.
Echo Cancellation is non-existent.
This game is SEVERELY UNBALENCED!
gyat gyat gyat
oyun :)
THIS IS SO FUN AND FUNNY ASF I AM SO GLAD I HAVE FRIENDS TO PLAY THIS WITH
Porco dio divertentissimo!
very nice game
funny and fun as shit
This is a great game with friends, had a lot of good laughs and fun moments. it should get some sort of order system in the shop so 5 dudes don't assfck me with grenades in the shop.
mal gayet ve bir oyun :D
very nice game. although i did get slightly groped in this game.
peak robot abusing simulator
The only developer that managed to make the most out of this genre that others failed in (Lethal company, Content warning, nuclear nightmare, etc.)
One of the funnest games to play with friends.
orospu
Juego klao divertido, saludos.
so called "free thinkers" when uuuuuuuuuuuuu
very fun
imbulya
very funny to play with friends (pls nerf the clown monster hes annoying af)
Repo
Is nice
Refund. Waste of time. There is no point in discussing this on the merits. There is nothing in the game. There are plenty of other ways to spend time with friends.
giga sigma gierka
fun
I shall sacrifice my friends for upgrades
10/10 experience
4
gr8 with m8's
soooooooooooo fun
R.E.P.O
-
I'm not going to give a review saying "oh this is the best game ever" Or anything in that genre.
But I will give my honest Review about this game.
-
This game Is extremely Fun to play and kill your friends or feed them to the monsters, I wouldn't recommend Getting This game if you don't have anyone to play with at the moment, But in the future (maybe a month or longer) they will be adding matchmaking and public lobbies.
-
overall I would say this game is a solid 8/10. Its extremely fun and gives a lot of hours to play and enjoy. Its worth the 10 dollars. You get hours of playtime within the experience. There is only around 3-4 maps from what I've seen, But They will be adding more in the future as I know and there is Hundreds Of Monsters In this game, I'm writing this review on 3/25/2025.
-
Overall, I would honestly recommend getting this game, It is a little bit expensive but It is worth it, and they are currently working to adding a whole lot more content to the game.
? - -
Great time with friends. It has a fun and addicting gameplay loop, and can be pretty horrifying at times.
A really fun game to play with friends hehe
very fun game with friends but if ur like me and are clumsy even in video games you will be apologize profusely lol
puhahahaha:
/
s
aday
la monja
instalamos el juego aparecemos en un lugar abandonado un rayo nos desintegra goty
si lo descargas adquieres autismo
real eyes this is good not what i thought (thought is was is bad)
Just really well made and fun as hell
such a great game! well planned and executed and so funny with friends, the comedy moments r epic
Yeah
Pants Shiddid 10/10 with DA homies
Pasando por una tabla un se cayo a la lava. su cadaver prodecio a revotar en la lava hacia otro lanzandolo tambien hacia la lava.
ES CINE :D
giant head try to kill me 10/10
Tenho um gatinho aqui. Amigos que tiverem passando podem fazer carinho dando like ou um
| _ _ l
/ |
/
| | |
| | |
|
WAYYY to fun to have an emoji mascot. Seriously though, this game is SO fun to play with friends its amazing. If you don't have friends, ill be yours :)
Bu oyunu 2 3 tane maymun oynicak tek de ama maymun daha bilginize
Lachflashs incoming
very naiz
This game is forking great
I've played Lethal Company, but this is way better and funnier. Whoever made the eye animations need a raise.
I jerked off to the scarecrow! :3
www
what a great game, it crashes everytime when im trying to break something 10/10
gr8 game
14
gr8 game.
and
It Is very good game
IQ -10000, 7 10!
10/10
bug. If you put the safe door in a cart, then after you drag it into the cash collection area, the cart will disappear.
It is so much fun to play this with friends, because you can mess around. It's a good game, it requires quite a bit of skill to be able to go far.
very fun
Friends killed
Another Lethal Company clone that will die in a year. As for the game itself, it has some interesting ideas like physical interaction with loot, which sometimes turns dumb collecting into a fun forklift simulator. Unfortunately, the whole game with physics is spoiled by its lack of polish, and along with it, bugs. It happens that the loot breaks as soon as you touch it, or hits some invisible part of the prop. Apart from physical interaction with loot in the game there is little of it, and even less of it works correctly. There is very little variety of map types (there are only 3), this would not be a problem if the generation was more diverse, but it is often repeated, and you can get a sense of deja vu. The enemies in the game are boring and extremely stupid, sometimes they don't notice you point-blank, even if you hit them with a weapon, and sometimes they just don't give you a chance to breathe and rush at you in a crowd, even if you were hiding before and didn't catch anyone's eye or make any noise. In general, if you want to play a fun and varied ektraction horror, then it's better to take the same Lethal Company and install mods (of which there are a huge number for every taste). There's nothing to do in the game itself at the moment, and considering that it took off, most likely, the developers will earn money and just abandon it, as happened with many similar games.
Lethal Company 3) Lethal Company
i really like this game, kinda would like to see a timed passive mode (no monsters but strict time limit)
)
Gra jest genialna! Zbierajcie ekipe i
FATE UN AGGIORNAMENTO SI CRASHA SPESSO
fun
if the game allows you to commit violence without charges, vandalisim, aggraved assault and battery, and get paid for it, then this game is for you
its fun.
Yes
Daha gereken var mesela ilk seviyelerde canavarlara
oyuna giriyorsun amk
pretty funny
the game is good
very fun with friends
DAMN GOOD RIGHT NOW EVEN THOUGH ITS NOT FULL, GOOD GAMEPLAY THAT YOU CAN SHIT YOURSELF IN 10 MINS OF PLAYING
this game could be scary and funny at the same times mods are the goat of this game its honsetly fun to play with friends fire game just like lethal company, but its more funnier 8/10 game
Very fun with friends. Basically a better Lethal Company IMO.
Yes
A robe walked around the corner while i was alone and i got scared so bad i thought i might pass out.
What a great game i bought it for all my friends!
R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.R.E.P.O.
never seen a more creative and funny player model before, nice
good game :)
multiplayer audio and voice input doesn't work same with hosting and joining servers, tried everything but nothing worked. don't want to refund just yet in case they fix it
Jbl
with friends its fun
Spoopy game until you realize that you can fight back. From that points the genre turns from horror to a shooter or smth. Very fun.
top
Collecting Junk and Dodging Monsters has to be one of my new favorite hobbies!
lo bien que te lo puedes pasar con tus amigod
muy fun with friends
Bom p dar risada kkkk
got blown up in shop and watched my friend get shot to death 10/10
very fun, recomanded to play with friends
Esta buenisimo con amigos pero solo le quita lo divertido y se vuelve muy dificil pero eso no importa ya que me encanto!
very fun game to "strengthen" our friendship
get the fuck out of my way
10/10 Game. Its been years since I've had as much with an online game. My only complaint is that damned duck
Peak
so fun a must play
good game
lethal company but better
also doesnt feel like it needs modded
a good time with friends
so fun
repo is one of the bestest games i have ever played and i'd reccomend it to people who enjoyed lethal company or some other games that are like it
very funny game
9/10
but it needs Ultrawide support.
20
ES muy buenooooo chido graficos buenos sin buena compu yo tengo laptop mala y me corre y esta chido
360
+
+
- 4
-
-
+
100
peak
good
lowkey got me tweakin
Epic sauce my dudes
Este juego es todo lo que bien en la industria de los videojuegos.
nig
The text to speech feature is fantastic
noah g.
nanana juegazo, mi parte favorita es cuando dejo a mis amigos que estan en nivel 7 y los dejo en el nivel 1
i love being able to say the n-word and it not getting censored after
Muy divertido
great game, needs matchmaking
good
es el mejor juego de miedo con amigos da mucha risa
iyi
zajebista gierka ze znajomymi jest beka w chuj a samemu nawet troche straszna (nie gram zbytnio w horrory XD)
Jogo bom, muita risada e trickshot do cego. 10/10.
- ABSOULUTE CINEMA
man, the storybots have seen better days
Great by myself, even greater with friends 10/10
<3
Very fun game,
its so ass
100%
ta wapo
new hyperfixation unlocked
robot :D
10 10
w
realmente MUITO BOM, vale cada real
gra :)
evil grandpa shogun :(
GOOD BOY
I'm glad to see Semiwork get the recognition they deserve.
Tamponi dlia Alioni
A different vibe than Lethal Company, but really really fun! Don't let the logo fool you, this game is so good. Replayable as all hell. Would highly recommend it.
LINGANGULI
extremely fun with friends, many funny moments created thanks to the physics and proximity chat.
Doesnt require friends
Game if tghe year candidate
gyuyguyguygyuh
it is ridiculous. play it.
>:3
Also wirklich hammerhart die ganze zeit wie irgend ein Kranker sagt we need mony und i got a plan louis also wirklich 10/10
very good game with friends (reccomended with real friends and not fake ones)
REPO puts its own twist on the co-op scavenging formula, and it absolutely delivers. got just enough chaos, teamwork, and tension to keep things exciting.
Only downside? already played a bunch and now just waiting (impatiently) for more content. Solid start with a lot of potential.
Havent had this much fun in a party/horror game since the launch of lethal company.
Muy buen juego para pasar el rato con amigos!
fun game
This game is even more fun when you play with friends. The more friends you have, the more enjoyable it gets.
MBOMBARDILO CROCODILO
Hilarious game with friends but turns into a true horror game when solo. There are some bugs or things that I think should be worked on, like diamonds just exploding when trying to grab them from a cupboard and the chaos of trying to run back to the truck after meeting quota (that may just be a skill issue on my end). Overall great game and unique from the rest in the genre.
Juegazo,
Este juego es simplemete divertido y un juegazo, no aburre, no es muy repetitivo y en cualquier momento pasa lo que menos te esperas que pase en ese momento, recomendable
I got this game from a friend. Played game with friends. its fun. Screaming is fun.
1.
2.
3.
4.
1.
2. 10 +
3. 1 hp
PSD
200
This game is better than real life. 10/10 would upload my brain into this server
grade a fun
v kliduuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
1
nice
senin ben
VERY GOOD GAME AND FUNNY WITH FRIENDS
spoko loko nakurwiam dziada z bani
YES YES YES YES YES
2
Un viejo ciego me porque dije illo
10/10
its good
Best game.
Elmer Fudd does not like you touching his things.
i think this game is a trash
THE SCREAMS! THE TERRIBLE SCREAMS!
daora
client based bir sistem bu da host herkesin acayip bir latency ile sebep oluyor. en zamanda server based bir sisteme
This game is now one of my favorite games, its so perfect for comedy and it has a great game-play loop too.
Its also great that its in early access cause there will be a lot more content to see in the future!
The developers of this game are great and did a VERY good job!
Super fun game that deffo keeps you on your toes
my best friend sneezed and I watched her get shot by a blind dude
10/10
good game nice aim
Tries to fight friend
Hits friend with shovel
Hits myself with shovel
10/10 this is what gaming should be
10/10
this is a very good game
Game is fun but lacks the replayability and intriguing gameplay which lethal company had.
Maybe add more reason to continue playing other than just buying more stuff from the shop as you go.
Play with friends that want to scratch that lethal company itch.
This game is better than sex
XD
10 10
WHY NO SERVER LIST BRO PLEAAAASSSEEEE
A very silly game that is a blast with friends, though I am not sure I would recommend it if I were playing alone. Part of the fun is the frustration with the physics and sharing that frustration with friends, alone I think I would just be annoyed at not being able to lift stuff alone and the old guy with the shot gun who pops out of nowhere and one shots you. Also if everyone on your team dies you have to start all the way over and lose all of your progress, so when you're alone your team is just you. That makes it so that a surprise shotgun blast to the face ruins all of your progress instantly making you rage quit.
funny psychics game makes me always fall down in hole and die
good game
Its super fun, and im looking forward for future updates. The game is a great balance of silly and scary and the designs of the maps and monsters are just amazing. im looking forward to any new content that comes with it, as it can get quite boring rather quickly. I'd like to see a little bit more variety in the gameplay to save it from being so monotonous, but no major changes. Its a super fun game and i love playing it with my friends
Me gusta
if you play solo good luck you will eat ur monitor
2025 10 10
Pongan logros me
good
REP
3
Ta bueno el juego lastima que tengo unos amigos de mierda
its only slightly scary, love it
UN CAGO DE RISA RECOMENDADO 100%
every enemy is tolerable expect for the invisible guy
like jeez leave me tf alone i dont want to be on
the other side of the map.
Es bueno, aun faltan mayores interacciones con el escanario, sonidos y mas boses. va super bien <3
Most fun indy horror game
mt bom rouba, sinto q n to sendo mt claro com as minhas
it is super fun to play with friends!
cant wait for the next update. and guys be good to taxman
eYLENCELI
best game
ahuet.
funny fucking game
is a very exciting game(if you have friends)
000
R.E.P.O > Lethal Company
One of the best horror games is a laughing goldmine with friends. The more friends you have(6 is max without mods) the better
fun game if you have friends
ghdrfttsfbdxzeffffffffffff
funy andriod blyat
Funny Multiplayer
really like the game. especially when im repoing all over the place
The best Lethal Company clone out there. Me and my friends weren't too sure at first (due to the massive virus-like logo) but this game is an absolute blast. It's more chaotic than Lethal Company and as much as I love the art style of Lethal, this game just takes the cake. 10/10 would definitely recommend to anyone who has at least 4 friends. (If you're a singleplayer kinda guy, or gal, then just know when you see a monster you're pretty much f*ed)
10 10
Is ok
very very goood co op horror item collectors game :)
SO FUN the monsters are amazing and ii love how you can damage merchandise and buy stuff from a shop and the secret attic is nice
TOOP
Please describe what you liked or disliked about this product.
Def more funny than scary, but still a great take on the multiplayer horror genre.
PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD CHANGE THE STUPID BANNER EMOJI PLEEEAAASEEEEE
you can drop a baby in the game for this low price, 10/10
Un bon jeu entre amis ou si vous souhaitez le niveau 3 il faut une a 3 chinchillas qui n'ont pour but que de tuer leurs amis car c'est fun
just as funny as lethal company
SounPad + this is game = perfect game
best game ever
it is a amazing game fun to play with friends and you can mess around in the shop
super en multi le seule vrai c'est quand on reste inactif la parti se coupe
Ganske morosamt dritspel
yeah it's alright
I LOVE THIS GAME!
I PICK UP AN ITEM WORTH 15K, DROP IT AND WALK AWAY WITH 1 DOLLAR 50.
I ALSO LOVE BEING 360 NOSCOPED BY THE BLIND DUDE!
ALSO MY HEART WAS BROKEN WHEN I FOUND OUT THE DUCK HATES ME :(
10/10
it so fun
Yes
good game
puli ukon pronsso osta peli
10 10.
Juegazo, estuve jugando con mi primo y les puedo asegurar que es muy divertido, lo recomiendo.
10/10
2 efendisi ve 1 oynanacak oyun gibi
very fun game. i play it with my mates and we have a blast playing it
No server browser.
100% best game with mods
Now I'm an addict get me out of here.
Fcking love this game
Such a good game, but if they keep the game without updating it, this will fall and be another abandoned game, pls pay attention to us.
play if u want to have fun
its amazing
i hate the reaper
literally lethal company with major feature updates
i like the game cuz i can say "trigger digger skibidi NI-" in text to speech without being blurred, oh and the funny moments ofc
najpierw wyjebalem ziomka do dziury a potem zgwalcilem jajoglowego kosmite
10/10
jugar con amigos a este juego es un no parar de reir, recomendadisimo
10/10 Best game
BEST NZXhjtgyuaswefrtgdh67u8kidfgtbh nfedyujkmhbnjkasxfrvyughnkuiowedfrgthyvbneujkdrycghbyuiwdefrgt5vnyujidfrhsetgyhuawdrfgtvbdxuistgywefvaTYHUSERCFGVFGHBDFVCWE3GYT6QAFGSCVBZETHY56serdfcg3e4tysrfgqwrtf3b6 782d34tyuedwehtuwe47egr6yftvy72r674b23g7x4c5vgbt627vbc 5t9 78f5gtc578bt3d4tyb78534875vf823g6c37q74g5787 84ct5exrsd3a56hyjn789gbm1qsw2dex3cf4gyhb7jnikm8o9,1dxcqswa 9yo W game
very good game
MGTS
This game is so good I almost doodoo'd myself
Soundpad
Takhle jsem se dlouho jako xd
me cago en los patos de mierd@
ja opzich wel grappig!
ujdyj
ITS IS A GOOD GAME JUST THAT FOR NEW PLAYERS THERE SHOULD BE AN EASIER MODE AND ALSO WHEN I GET HIT BY A MONSTER BY THE TIME I GET BACK UP IM ALREADY DEAD BECAUSE THEY ATTACK TO FAST BUT IS A GOOD GAME
Great game
Ignore the current logo the game is much better than it would indicate
10 11
game of the decade
Funny stuff happening.
Good
acest joc mi a vindecat prolapsul rectal!
super hra s kamaratmi
good
Bem mais divertido em multiplayer! Sempre use o voicechat do jogo!
interessante dar uma olhada sobre a dos monstros antes, cada um tem sua mas
play it with your best bros
Similar to Lethal Company. I know im not the first to beat that point into the ground.
However, it is wholey different as an experience. Its got the same objective type of "Go to place, get things, meet number, survive monster, leave." But calling it just 'lethal company but android logo' does REPO a disservice. Its both really funny and actually pretty spooky when you are far into a run and things are getting stressful.
Teamwork is an important part of this game. From what i understand there is no server matchmaking yet, meaning you need to be invited or invite someone yourself in order to do multiplayer so keep that in mind. The randomly generated shops every other round, The randomly segmented maps and loot. Just so fun.
REPO wasnt expected to be so big by its developers and theyve gone on record to say that the original "6-12 months till 1.0" To at least 12 months because they want to put all hands onto it. REPO is already a pretty fun game to lose yourself in for a few hours a day, imagine how itll be during 1.0.
Overall, if you like team-based Coop horror-ish games, get this.
EBANUTO
ok
ww
i hate the stupid little babies they've ruined my life
10/10 tbh
beka, mozna pograc z ziomeczkami polecam
funny haha ahh game
10 10
XD
Tenho 99% de certeza que as criticas, direi que sou gay.
posting this review here today because i fucking love it. this game is pure comedy with friends and 100000000000000000000000000000 times better than lethal company. this game is better than anything that stupid furry could ever make
MIAO
hotdog
Amazing game with friends. Has potential for silliness and spooks. Definitely need an option to rejoin a game if someone DCs though.
great game. me and my friends laughed our asses off each time we played. would highly suggest.
Un des meilleurs jeu Horreur que j'ai vu
Le jeu est HILARANT a faire avec ses potes
Conclusion : ACHETEZ REPO
this game is good game so buy good game to have good time :)
fredt g
VERY FUN
Juego qliao vale cayampa (me tiro de cabeza a mis amigos y los mando a dormir contra los enemigos o al vacio, 100% recomendado)
Absolutely love it. Great fun with friends
this game is more funny than scary with multiplayer, 10/10
GOATED this game is so fun with 3 people funny/scary kinda like lethal company but better in every way
Lingan guli guli guacha lingangu lingangu lingan guli guli guacha lingangu lingangu lingan guli guli guacha lingangu lingangu lingan guli guli guacha lingangu lingangu lingan guli guli guacha lingangu lingangu lingan guli guli guacha lingangu lingangu lingan guli guli guacha lingangu linganguuuuuu
Boom
THIS GAME IS SOO SILLAY I LOVE IT
amazing
Muy Divertido!
Hey it a fun game but i can play with others in the Join game or host game and i don know what to do pls help
R.E.P.O.
lurv it
very fun
This game is so much fun especially with a couple of friends! I cannot wait for the new map :)
hm
Giga spoko, polecam bo beka jak rzeka a mechaniki proste jak budowa cepa. Pozdro wariaty
i better then en
What The Frog Doing?
good
u i i a u o u ii a u
The game is pretty good but I think it has some pretty annoying design choices. There should be either re-spawning items or a visible potential earnings so you don't waste so much time only to have to restart. When you mess up decently bad right at the start everyone already loses hope. Really makes the game super annoying for no apparent reason.
R.E.P.O.
9/10
VERY GOOD
[h2] R.E.P.O. The Only Job Worse Than Your Real One [/h2]
R.E.P.O. is what happens when Ghostbusters meets a moving company staffed by absolute buffoons. The real horror is you and your friends moving a fragile item when a monster shows up.
10/10 Would get fired.
Someone pleaseee be a GOD and make a Terrance and Philip mod! This is the perfect game to go full Canadian.
Oh the review. Yes.
definition of a fun game
the horror game where its fun in multiplayer, and scary in singeplayer
zasfaf
Just remarkable
This game was a delightful purchase. It is relatively cheap, and is hilarious when played with friends. I just played for 6 hours straight with one of my mates, and we couldn't stop laughing the entire time. Didn't even notice how long we had been playing for until I looked at the time. great for making content if you are into that sort of thing as well.
I would fully recommend any who choose to play this to use the voice chat feature in game, as it add's to the fun. It's also kind of important since noise from the voice chat triggers the entities. The mouth moves when you talk, and without spoiling it, there is a specific creature where the player's voice gets a funny filter added to it when they encounter it. There is also a great in-game voice text feature where when you type in it its said in a robot voice on the local voice chat.
It is easily replayable, since you keep going until you die, and you can revive your friends when they die. If all of you get killed its game over, so it could be argued that it has a rogue-like esk feel to it, however there are no items or collectibles you get to keep for the next time you run through it again - you just learn the better ways to solve or counter issues.
Dead friends can talk to each-other while they watch their non-dead friends perspectives from third person, which has personally resulted in some hilarious clips we have watched later on together on discord. When your run ends, you get to fight to the death on a podium with random objects until the last player is standing alive and obtains their crown and title 'King of the Losers' which they get to wear for your next run too.
I hope this game continues to update with new randomized levels and entities, and maybe even a feature where there are certain locked sections or cabinets that need to be opened with keys you obtain in your inventory by looking around or in the shop (ones that get broken after use though)?
GR8 I R8 8/8
Boring.
This game is an absolutely basic shit show. HOWEVER, even though it has a minimal amount of effort when it comes to design it is probably the first game EVER to make me laugh so much that my lungs, throat and cheeks were killing me. It's a must with friends (I haven't tried it with anyone random but I assume it would be cool as well). We laughed, we cried, we fought and we will continue to do so for many more hours to come I am sure about that. Few tips though:
1. Use a mic as often as you can (TTS is cool and can be funny but the mic is where the magic is)
2. DON'T watch tutorials, tips, tricks and other info (it's way more fun when you experience it first)
3. Get a set of dumbasses as dumb as you are
4. Make sure that at least one of the dumbasses is in general easily annoyed or pissed off
5. Do damage to your friends, enemies, items, everything. Why? Because you can.
6. Don't laugh at the blind guy falling down the stairs (it's a one way ticket to hell dude, not funny. it definitely wasn't a cause of death for me multiple times)
7. RECORD! Why? Because you will literally die laughing watching it all back at the dumb stuff you did or didn't do, see, say.
All in all 11/10
One thing I would fix is the mic sometimes randomly stopping during the game, so I have to hit it multiple times for it to work again. This makes a great recording from another person's perspective but can be frustrating not knowing that you are basically muted until someone notices that you haven't screamed for a while (or in my case, some notices that there is no keyboard noises).
FUN!
pato filha da puta
very good, play it with my family
repo ist sehr lustig coole imagination wer cool wenn du waffen kaufen kannst wie so ein shop wo du nur geld zahlen kannst
top ten funny game
:)
muy bueno
Berghain
FAZ ISSO"
A frase do meu amigo antes dele morrer queimado (eu coloquei ele na lareira.)
][om\tehser=
qwKJGOP]0K-RQWPEGJORTJIHSPWER
[RWGK[DGHKP[W4KP[TRH-I0W=PDF-0RE=-WQ=[DSF]'FGKLPOHJTROPWER][OPTYOREPTOERTOE
play lethal company instead this shit sucks
bro its so fun omg buy buy trust me its really fun mhm also you can join their discord to get strangers to play with overall 11/10
-
very fun and funny to play with friends
FUN
one of the best Quota games out there! $10 is a damn steal.
game with friend = funniest and bestest game
vicces amikor van 5000 egy darab itemmel az a bus marad 200
its fun but I need friends to play
Ts game so peak, we are SO back
bra spill
pisulka
funny
FUN GAME BUT ITS WOKE
Tres drole mais attention si vous voulez gardez vos amis
nakliyat
very fun but i have no friends soooo.
10/10
666
bojim bojim
Just a shitpost waiting to happen
10/10
Incredibly fun game, even for solo gameplay which was surprising. The one thing the game lacks and I'm in dire need of is a slider for volume gate on the mic. The microphone pics up literally everything in my house, even noise from outside of the house sometimes. Only workaround is to use push to talk but that takes away from the experience and skill of having to utilize silence to avoid the enemies hearing you. Please add this option asap! Love
Una puta mierda hermosa amo este juego con mi alma
Que es repo?
Para el sordo la cura para la sordera
Para el mudo la cura para el mudismo
Este se la dedico a mathias castillo que usa mac y no puede jugar esta joya like para que su tio salga de prision gracias por leer
good funny game to play with frens :)
Up Dharma Down \o/
yes
always lag voice and kick to the lobby
Cliet timeout
PUT DA LOOT IN DA CART!
Yes
funny
2 5
hard game
Client Timeout
This game does right what lethal company does wrong.
Good game
really fun game to play with friends 10/10 experience would buy again
w
de poner una inflabe y ya con eso 11/10
very good game
Great time funny as all heck!
Stupid Fun had a great time
11 10
10/10, 2 6
da
jj
This game is just pure fun with friends
Una risa de juego con amigos. muy bien para ser acceso anticipado, me ver poco a poco nuevos mapas, enemigos, artilugios, etc. Solo por las risas vale la pena probarlo.
this game is absolte cinema
Duck.
roligt
It is Good
Very very fun game to play with your friends, it may seem to be similar to lethal company but imo it is the better game.
p.s. please add a kick feature to the game.
ddfvf d srd ybhucfd bhjegvnjd yugzdxyugfc
BOOM BOOM
bel gioco molto divvertente
Very funny and absolutely worth the money (the 5-player experience sure is interesting), but please get rid of the Emoji mascot, because it almost made 3 of those 5 guys I play with not buy.
fun
10 10
i love repo
REPO & Good party = Fun Fun Fun!
duck.
this game is really fun and funny to play with friends
Videogame
Its a cute little duck!
Oyunun R.E.P.O. ama biz daha R.I.P. oluyoruz
(vazoyu
to jest takie dla mnie
0 0
tamponi dlya aleni
10
VADAAAA!
mew
Game's awesome! Mascot sucks
Beyenmedim
really fun with friends.
Such a good game. So much potential in it. Your friends will annoy you and take your stuff. If they make the lobbies bigger to 5 or 6, it'd be perfect for groups as blind and reckless as mine to have a chance.
es muy bueno
SESKS S DRYZYAMI
Great fun! Best in the genre so far 10/10
Highly recommend.
A very fun game to play with friends, and the text-to-speech is hilarious! Solid 9/10 game
this game is scary and a comedy at the same time, its funny alone and with friends and my favorite monster gotta be the fat white guy with heavy feet, he is extremely silly :) buy this cheap and fun game PLEASE
hilarious. seriously though, listen to your other reviews and ditch the emoji bro.
)
its so fun me and my mates were playing it AND ONE OF THEM GOT TOOK BY A FUCKING INVISIBLE MAN AND I GOT KILLED BY A FUCKING BABY 10/10
97
10 10.
Good, fun, no time limit, its cool but it needs to make the singleplayer aspect more appealing
Best horror multiplayer game. Better played with friends imo.
robot
10 10
Good
c
Played a match with friends. At one point, one was left, he carefully put an expansive vase in the cart, the moment he moved it, the vase jumped out and just broke. As did my friend.
10/10 would spectate and explode with laughter again.
the face is so funny >_<
10 10
666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666
5
putaria de alago
good game with next updates will be the top 5 scary games
10/10
muinto vicianti como fas pra mata o sego
Fun avec des amis.
Permet de les phases les plus des gens qui nous entoures.
"Don't talk he can hear you! No no no, turn around, go away!" AH! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"- My friend, who got murdered by the headman
4
Wating for the game to be more stable when connecting 6 players, it just keep on crashing, even with the best of our computers.
But. OMG THE FUN WE HAVE
10/10
wat
funny
Vaya potencial
El juego es muy divertido y pese a que no lo he jugado mucho me ver que los monstruos que te atacan creen situaciones un poco mas tensas, cuando ya les pilla el el juego pierde toda de peligro.
Very funny game!
Playing in a group of friends makes it just a peak of comedy. I reccommand for everybody.
The fear of the game appears mostly at the beginning when introduced to the game for the first time as a newbie. Once you understand how the game works, monsters seems less scary and you are more scared to lose all the loot you gathered with your friends.
so fun
good
una maza este juego
voice chat, im wiecej kolegow tym lepiej
bawakdehewak
XD
Highly recommend this game.
buy game
make friends buy game
observe how stupid friends are
join the stupid
horrors approach
watch friends die
laugh at friends
game good
This game slaps but brother ya'll have to replace that mascot.
I hate my whore wife
Saw a blind man whit a shotgun. Friend asked me if the monster can hear him. He got tapped. I start laughing. I get tapped.
10/10
bro this game is hilarious af
Uno dei giochi divertenti e belli usciti nell'ultimo periodo.
Non troppo difficile non troppo facile.
Lo sto giocando fisso con degli amici e per ora a parte alcune volte il cui il gioco ingiustamente difficile a causa di vari mostri grandi messi insieme sempre divertente
handsome all the time
this is an incredible game to play with friends and even just as a solo player
More maps please!
faire entre amis.
Esta bueno el juego este juego necesita tener H de honesto
Me Gusta Mucho solo necesitan cambios pero no en excedente algunos que otros DLC y mapas mas moustros cosas simples.no sobrecargar el juego.Me encanta
good scares, good modding community already, Fun as a grown adult Fun playing solo but amazing with a good core group of friends!
Remember when games didn't need to be flashy, just needed to be fun? This is a really great example. I'm so grateful for small indie devs, they're bringing life back into the gaming industry.
Fun game, very innovative gameplay, very unique monsters too. And procedurally generated maps? Infinite levels? Limitless fun.
1
nao ter portugues
fun game u cant comits multiple fellony and terorist wour recoment
supeer cool
VERY FUNNY
Fun with friends.
teta
I don't like it, it's literally lethal company again
GG
this game is funny
It's a very fun game, full of silly things and mechanics.
Would definitely recommend to play this game. Either solo or with friends.
The only bad about this game so far, is the logo.
It makes me feel queasy just looking at it. Sorry.
-
180
fun horror game like Lethal Company but with a lot of different mechanics
R.E.P.O!
crazy
10/10
love love love this game! 100 # recommend :)
oyun 4 ve herbirimiz otizimliydi yer otizimli varsa
I wish u can see the map while spectate people, but is a very nice game and its quite popular.
Fun, R.E.P.O is life, R.E.P.O is love. But don't let your friend stay too long into the shop
imba
FUn
Hard game but Fun as Hell!
joo sika kona
number 1 game in 2025 a amazing game i only have 2 hours on the game but i made up my mind already its a really good game
th
good game
Its really fun to play with friends and by yourself. Playing by yourself is a little hard but doesn't really effect the quality of the game.
this game has caused me to develop an irrational hate for ducks
This game is creepy as f* but the funny moment with friends are incredible.
borno
hjv
F U N N Y T A L K I N G T R A S H C A N S.
A blind man stood in front of my friend and me and I started laughing and we both ended up dead
EXPLOSIVE MINE IS THE GOAT
8 4
Veramente bello, divertentissimo, lo continuerete a completare!
fun to play with friends and troll each other
fun game em i got backshotted by the robe
uhm
It's like if Lethal Company was still being actively developed. Fun with friends, the VOIP and text to speech is a laugh riot also.
entertaining
Addictive.
o-o
very good game i recommend for people that likes lethal company
.+
c
aaaaaaaaaaa
Esperando la sex update
pensa na de TABS com Lethal Company= jogo mais possivel
-
XD
joya
Highly recommend this game.
Even though it was a gift its 100% worth the money.
REPO is similar to Lethal Company and i'd say both are equally fun.
tak.
One of the best games but the floating head killed me from ABOVE the table I didn't know it could do that but I think it's a bug
[h1] Haha yes good me thinks [/h1]
help.
:D best game ever
KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY KUY
Jogo maravilhoso, jogar pouco hahah estou viciada
6 kisi gulmekten oynayamiyoruz ki zaten amk mukemmel oyun
BEST GAME WITH FRIENDS
crokodilo bombardilo balerinni cappuchini
Best horror co-op game (better then lethal) a must play if you want to get PTSD from ducks and have fun
GOOD GAME
robot cool
its a ameazing game
i buy repo
i walk
find guy
hide
i talk
guy shoot me
guy miss
i run
he leaves
and then i started playing R.E.P.O.
horror
juegazo (le supera al lethal company)
This is an amazing game! My friends and I were fighting over her. I recommend buying it right
BEAN
dont touch the duck
this game has taught me one thing and thats not to look at an big tall black man in the eyes or else they will attack me.
Thank you Repo for teaching me this life lesson
would recommend 10/10
solo faltaria una forma de buscar salas con gente ya que tambien es divertido jugar con gente random.
_
The only thing missing is a way to search for rooms with people, since it's also fun to play with random people.
Fantastic game. Would be better if i could find weapons like tranqualizer gun.
MacOS support?
This is a geat game 10/10
i can finally die as a samsung android! awesome!
bla bla bla ble ble ble blo blo blo lblblblblblbllblbb
Bla bla bla bla Ble Ble Ble Ble Blu Blu Blu Blu
HEB blblblblblblblblblblblblblblblblbblblblblbl
LUH LUH LUH
Lingangulli gulii gulii wata lingangu lingangu
Lingangulli gulii gulii wata lingangu lingangu
Lingangulli gulii gulii wata lingangu lingangu
Jest :)
Peak
funni gam
goofy to the extreme love it tho
Esta bien vergas
haowan
Habe meine Freunde geopfert
10/10
absurd and fun
T
I hope all of my friends who play with me get bone cancer <3
10/10 game though
es bastante divertido, solo le falta que agreguen un server browser para emparejar partidas ya que dependes de hacer amistades para poder jugar
Better Lethal Company (Lethal Company is SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO BAD and if anyuone disagrees then you are wrong) :)
70857049370375907560734907356709550704378957304759037940757-2-3
Lethal company but it's more funny
Tricked my friend into killing themself
10/10
This is a very good Lethal Company-like game, and I actually enjoy playing this way more than the former. The gameplay is certainly a lot faster with your spawn being directly at the entrance of the site, and extraction zones being all over the place to force players to explore the map and face the danger makes this an enjoyable experience. I feel more of an incentive to full clear the maps because of this, and especially because of the shop you go to afterwards. There, you can use your hard-earned money to buy upgrades and other items that really make it feel like you're progressing in the game.
I put way more hours into this game playing by myself rather than with friends, but I gotta say that the game is way more enjoyable with them than without (not to say that singleplayer is boring). Despite the devs saying that R.E.P.O. was originally meant to be a singleplayer horror game, they really made it multiplayer-friendly. I've had my fair share of goofy and horrifying moments with friends, and that is definitely the main appeal of the game.
There are some changes I would like personally. The physics behind some objects breaking seemed a bit off at times, along with smaller objects just going ham when I picked them up with higher levels of strength (probably just intended but I personally dislike it), so if changes were made to those that would be great. Besides that, like everyone else, I'd love to see the game's icon be changed. It initially dissuaded me from getting the game considering how it looks, but after seeing memes of the game I caved in and got it. People are certainly refraining from buying the game because of the icon, and if that were changed, I believe that this game would certainly receive a lot more sales. I would also like to see save files being fixed, because sometimes for whatever reason it resets back to Day 1, and I have to grab a backup to fix the issue.
If you've got friends, definitely consider getting the game and playing with them, I'm sure you'll get more than 10 hours worth out of it. Even if you're playing by yourself, I think this is a great purchase. And considering this game is still in early access, and they plan to add more things, you'll be getting your money's worth.
no chyba tak
Bence bi oyun ama agamla biraz maymun her korkuyoruz ama bunu bi varsa bence ama indirimde beklene bilir 200 TL biraz tuzlu ama bi tuz bir de 4 olur tiktoka bizimle oynamak istermisiniz diye video ma kimse ;(
leuk maar zou handig zijn moest dit ook met controller kunnen spelen
16
10/10
ok
GOTY 2025
-
sdfghjkl;'
Jogo 100% perfeito, se vc jogar solo e so 1 jogo normal mas se vc joga no multplayer voce se diverte E MUITO, e quando voce joga na zueira, atrapalha e faz mt bosta voce tem a tirou muitas risadas minhas msm com 6h de gameplay, esta em acesso antecipado no momento e caralho, parece q esta completo, 10/10
[Chalmers rings Skinner's doorbell. Skinner opens the door.]
Chalmers: Well, Seymour, I made it, despite your directions.
Skinner: Ah, Superintendent Chalmers, welcome. I hope you're prepared for an unforgettable luncheon!
Chalmers: Yeah.
[Chalmers enters. In the dining room, he sits at the table and places a bottle in an ice bucket, while Skinner runs to the kitchen, only to find his roast is burnt, and gasps in horror.]
Skinner: Oh, egads! My roast is ruined! [Chalmers' knocking on the kitchen door can be heard] But what if. I were to purchase fast food and disguise it as my own cooking? [chuckles] Delightfully devilish, Seymour.
[Skinner begins to climb through the window, but Chalmers enters the kitchen and catches Skinner trying to leave.]
Chalmers: Ah-!
[Accompanied by a montage of scenes of Skinner and Chalmers from previous episodes, the theme song to an imaginary sitcom called "Skinner and the Superintendent" then plays:]
Skinner with his crazy explanations,
The superintendent's gonna need his medication,
When he hears Skinner's lame exaggerations,
There'll be trouble in town tonight!
Chalmers:SEEEEEYMOOUUURRR!
[The scene goes back to Skinner's kitchen]
Skinner: Superintendent! I was just.uh-just stretching my calves on the windowsill. Isometric exercise! Care to join me?
[Smoke can be seen coming out of Skinner's oven]
Chalmers: Why is there smoke coming out of your oven, Seymour? [points to the oven]
Skinner: Uh. ooh! That isn't smoke, it's steam! Steam from the steamed clams we're having. [Massages his belly] Mmmm, steamed clams!
[Once a suspicious Chalmers leaves the kitchen, Skinner breathes a sigh of relief, climbs out the window, and runs across the street to Krusty Burger, where he buys hamburgers and French fries to replace his burnt roast. The scene cuts to the dining room, where Skinner comes from the kitchen with the fast food on a silver tray.]
Skinner: Superintendent, I hope you're ready for mouthwatering hamburgers.
Chalmers: I thought we were having steamed clams.
Skinner: Oh no, I said 'steamed hams'. That's what I call hamburgers.
Chalmers: You call hamburgers 'steamed hams'?
Skinner: Yes! It's a regional dialect.
Chalmers: Uh-huh. Eh, what region?
Skinner: Uh.upstate New York?
Chalmers: Really? Well, I'm from Utica and I've never heard anyone use the phrase 'steamed hams'.
Skinner: Oh, not in Utica, no. It's an Albany expression.
Chalmers: I see.
[Chalmers takes a bite out of a burger and chews it a little, while Skinner sips his drink.]
Chalmers: You know, these hamburgers are quite similar to the ones they have at Krusty Burger.
Skinner: Hohoho, no! Patented Skinner Burgers. Old family recipe!
Chalmers: For steamed hams?
Skinner: Yes.
Chalmers: Yes, and you call them steamed hams, despite the fact they are obviously grilled? [opens one of the burgers and exposes the patty's grilled pattern to Skinner]
Skinner: Y- Uh. you know, the. One thing I should. excuse me for one second.
Chalmers: Of course.
[Skinner enters and leaves the kitchen swiftly upon seeing it is now on fire]
Skinner: [pretends to yawn] Well, that was wonderful. A good time was had by all. I'm pooped.
Chalmers: Yes, I should be- [notices the intense light coming from the burning kitchen] GOOD LORD, WHAT IS HAPPENING IN THERE!?
Skinner: Aurora Borealis?
Chalmers: Ah- Aurora Borealis!? At this time of year, at this time of day, in this part of the country, localized entirely within your kitchen!?
Skinner: Yes.
Chalmers: .May I see it?
Skinner: .No.
[They exit the house as the kitchen fire grows larger.]
Agnes (voice): SEYMOUR, THE HOUSE IS ON FIRE!
Skinner (looking up): No, mother, it's just the Northern Lights.
Chalmers: Well, Seymour, you are an odd fellow, but I must say. you steam a good ham.
[As Chalmers begins heading home, Agnes starts screaming for help, causing Chalmers to look back towards the house. Skinner gives him a thumbs up and a fake smile, causing him to keep walking away. Once Chalmers is out of sight, Skinner rushes back into the house to deal with the fire.]
Agnes (voice): HEEEELP! HEEEELP!
good
Entrei na sala, fizeram o assovio do whatszapp e o velho atirou, excelente jogo!
Recomendable al 100% siempre estuve buscando un juego multijugador y que fuese de miedo pero a la vez te diese risa Merece la pena comprarlo pero os doy un consejo, jugarlo con amigos.
fun as shit and its kinda easy to play once you play it enough
SCOOBY DOOBY DOO COMMING AFTER YOU
100\10
I LOVE STEALING AND KILLING!
I like how the bald head looks at me. I think I have developed some feelings towards this individual.
lame
DopaminDorian och FentanylFenthon approve this game
What a fun and exciting game my son and I have had fun. He suggested that we would play at night with all the lights off headphones on and think it would happen, but I was definitely jump scared throughout the whole gaming experience so much fun with my whole family and friends would love to meet new friends somehow so that I could play with more people Instead of having to go to discord 15/10
repo on top
muito dahora jogar ele se vc tem amigos que tem ou q podem comprar o jogo fornece muitas risadas e sustos
vale muito a pena
I love to hear my friends screaming AHHHHHHH AHHHH, and then see them dying.
10/10
bomba, a ne igra
very funny game with friends unprefered single player
con el voicemod es mejor
es ist ein sehr witziges spiel.
Ich gehe mit einem kumpel rein und wir schnappen dass kart.
Er rennt voran ich alles einsammel.
ich drehe mich um und krieg eine pump direkt in die fresse also sehr witzig
Muy buen juego para jugar entre amigos muy entretenido y divertido
385
guys i broke a plate
no sofre um pouco com os monstros, mas depois de 2 hrs de gameplay eles que devem ficar com medo de
Pretty good, not quite the feeling I got playing lethal company but still good.
Beep
Fun. this game is like a maths function, the more people there is in a team the less the collective IQ, for example in my most normal game we were just three or four, we could easily beat levels, but with more people we hardly beat the first shop. i recommend it
totalny keks z ziomkami
alot of fun with friends!
Muy buen juego, pero solo con amigos, esta muy jodido si lo juegas solo, solo hago la por el nivel xD
Its good game and very fun BUT PLEASE PUT IT ON MAC PLLLLEEEEEAAASSSEEEE :(
10/10
CHIDO
42 42
bom jogo mesma pra quem curte terror
Goty for an indie game but only for groups of people not for people that want to play solo
yjhv
good game
This game is the definition of
10/10 would commit child abuse again
Fun af and funny af
tek sarmaz en az 2
a0uhsdofpisdhjgsopdifghdfogjhdfg
This game is surprisingly good. I hope the devs keep working hard, because this might be one of the best games of 2025.
ABSOLUTE CINEMA
10 5
git
super bra spel unga barn. roligt att bli med kompisarna
juegazo
The game is cool there are some bugs but since it is in early access it is forgivable)
good
fabio
go repo with friend, friend blow up cause evil garden gnomes, watch friend's friend despiar and kill themselves with granade, be left alone, die on repo because evil floating head be evil floating head.
Best experience, do recommend.
Very fun with friends, REPO is the game you're looking for if you want a good challenge and a lot of good laughs, once you make it far enough you kinda have to just kill everything in your path but that's nothing new.
"oooohh! another twitch streamer slop? heehee. dont mind if i do!"
5
)
10 10
fun, chaotic, and my current fav game now! (please note my dad gifted me the game, but it is 100% worth paying for yourself!)
Its awesome! I can play with my friends and having laughter together
bbb
love
:)
Ah yes that R.e.p.o loot, run from monsters, and enjoy your friends screaming while they leave you behind!
a refreshing take on party games and one simple enough for all ages to enjoy :) worth the cheap price
DO NOT BUY THIS GAME ITS PURELY BAD
there is one word that best describes this game, DRAG! its a drag, you drag other items and yourself out of the pure boredom you will feel, nothing is scary especially when you look over to see someone staring at you like o_o
I hate the idea of scrap breaking, the only thing that feature adds is you not touching this game again. every and i mean every enemy is as easy to avoid as a toddler chasing you.
The only fun i had with this game was the text to speech which can also whisper when youre hiding but, thats all i liked about this game.
All of that and didnt even mention till now how its just another lethal clone but repo is just way worse, at least lethal is both fun and scary and a whole lot of better things compared to its handicapped cousin repo.
es la ostia el juego tiene disversion risas y miedo sobre todo risas y recomiendo jugarlo con amigos y si no tienes puedes preguntar por tiktok
i love running my friends over with the cart, R.E.P.O. is also fun cause i can run them over in the game too
18/22
Tons of fun and laughs, its a great multiplayer game!
5555
10 10.
fun with friends
My favorite game rn!
This game is too hilarious from the character movement to the interaction with monsters and items. Definitely
sosiska
aca tamo tomando un mangito clasico con el primo luca chill
very good game lots of funnnn
ive been having some of the funniest moments in this game with my friends
eak
i saw the game on youtube and honesly i like it, NO. i LOVE IT!.
I knew what to expect but i still got scared by some fucking random scream fucking damn you feel weak and alone. it's AWSOME!
Being new and not having others to play.well.heh it's scary.
This is the shit i want to make wen i fanally finish my game developer classes it my collage
fucking props to the guys and gal's that made this
10/10
ping
Please contact with mod devloper if you
ts R.E.pmo </3, great game tho
Very fun if you find the right people lol
funny af
sheesh
good
molto bello e divertente oggi ho fatto la cacca
YES
TOOP
Best Co-Op Horror Game
shat my pants
its like lethal company and really fun
el mejor juego como me hace reir
the characters look like mozzarella from fosters imaginary home for kids and friends and it helps me deal with my early onset dementia. Everyday gets harder as you slowly lose the ability to even recognize who you are, and who your loved ones are. Life slowly becomes a tormented and unbearable hellscape that i must live through because when i tell them i want to be taken out the government tells me no, you must persist in this doomed world. Why? Have I wronged someone in a past life? Why?
kaboom
chupala content warning
muittoooooooooooooooooo bom joga com amigo 10;10
Great game
fajna
head
Good game for playing 3 monkeys lmao
tyiuil;
after this i will hate strong babys
litteraly lethal company but made in gmod
fun
Man I fricking love reaping and sowing.
1000
Range 3
1. Robe
2.
9000
3. hp
Rethink your life choices. Even those little ones. Peek at this masterpiece. O_O
E.N.J.O.Y.
jbl jbl
this shit peak bro
Juegazo si tienes amigos, no para introvertidos xd
Vraiment trop peur le jeu, faudrait doser. J'ai perdu mes potes dans cette aventure, et j'ai surpris l'un d'entre eux une petite fille
Buenazo
Summary of the game:
What's that?
RUNNNN
Oh cool a frog,
RUN HE HAS KNIVES.
Be careful it's valueble,
I SAID BE CAREFUL YOU IDIOT!
HE CAN SEE UNDER THE TABLE!?
good
it's so so so funny to play with friends, i can only play with one since he's the only one who bought it too it's literally the best game i've ever played i would recommend it a lot for having fun just grab a few friends and have fun
g
dfq,br+
good game
ggggggggggggggggg
10\10 game, single player mode isn't bad, hard although, it's fun with strangers, use the lobby mod if you don't have friends like me to make finding or starting a game easier. new fav game!
fack the trudge
HAOWAN
The utter chaos that can unfold in this game is ridiculous, and super fun. I can see why a lot of people have fallen in love with this. excited to see what comes next as the game develops over time, and worth the current price. Highly recommend this to everyone who wants to just be idiots with their friends.
we need Chinese
+
F
Pls ignore logo of this game (emoji), it's actually fun and intresting, just buy it.
In this game you get a chance to kill monsters and for me it is what makes this game better than Lethal Company, every time map is different, plus we get rewarded pretty well with items after a level (usually your friends kill you with a granade, or you kill them :D ).
Enjoy this game alone or with friends, I hope we will get more content and some bit of lore soon.
super divertido te partes el culo de risa con amigos, super super recomendado!
Very awesome
Very funy
very scary
very cool
Its awesome.
10 10
that emoji is rank as
This game is fun if you're into the art style and don't mind dying way too easily. I personally refunded it.
10 10
Fajna gra, polecam!
bets game
it's good but a bit hard if you're playing in two. A group is better.
i am a gamer
i am a gamer
Very good and Very funny game to play with you and your friends!
d
FUNNY
super rizzy ohio sus chill towers sigma game
R.E.P.O. R.E.P.O.
8/10
No friends to play :( no one wan fren me :(
no seggs
kinky
bla bla bla
ble ble ble
blu blu blu
HAP
blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu
Look, look, look
linga guli guli guli watcha lingag gu lingag gu
linga guli guli guli watcha lingag gu lingag gu
linga guli guli guli watcha lingag gu lingag gu
linga guli guli guli watcha lingag gu lingag gu
con salsa, y picante, y no fuimo
Absolutely GOTY! friendly reminder, dont eat heavy food before playing this game, 100% you will vomit it out from laughing non stop XD
Best way to spend 10 euros
s
bi oyun
The best jeux pour jouer avec c'est amis
10/10
Haven't had this much fun playing a game in a really long time, definitely worth the buy!
funny af
.(
10 10
ruim
10000/10
:akaneheart:
10/10
best game ever iv been played
kinda lethal company but more goofy ah
ffgfdtGH fdhh tfdbcvbnhmgh awewsfdz estgvfh vcbtdt
epicly funny game, highly recommend for fun and laughs
good game
I'm not a robot, I'm a trash can!
Jogo mais divertido da steam ate o momento, jogar com amigos tona a experiencia muito
fuck
mi amigo el fiu fiu fiufiu fiu
Was shot in the face by an elderly blind man, resurrected by my friends then almost immediately bludgeoned to death with a goblet by the same friends. 10/10 experience
npc ) )
Jogo bom
aeiou
Physics based Lethal Company with good developers, very fun with friends, an alright singleplayer experience.
9/10 stars.
j
its better than taking ashwaganda, must play
1
40
let me knoww let me knowwww
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
A mix of silliness and scary stuff, I love it so much!
-
sigma
funny
Juegazo recomendable 10/10
- buy game
- convince friends to buy game
- realize how dumb they are
- realize you are dumb too
- suffer together
- friends die horribly
- laugh at their misery
10/10 would r.e.p.o. again.
this is so funny game with friends
10000
My friends are restarted and knock 20% of every item. W game
i killed big guy with my DAD
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
7.5 10
greg
~
cool
si
Amazing game! If you like lethal company its a no brainer
Underrated game, plus really fun only if you have friends tho
Lethal Company, Lethal Company, The Headliners, Content Warning, The Headliners Lethal Company,
2,
absolute cinema (i broke an item and got sent into the gates of hell)
+
One of the best experiences with friends you can have. Lethal Company but even more fun in my opinion. Scary and goofy as hell.
fffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
I feel like most people who praise this game simply haven't played Lethal Company. It's just more fun to play, despite receiving pretty much no new content for several months now. This game is not different enough to stand on its own
terrible game wondeful emoji bought it just for the art
pros emoji robot men sexy robot men
cons scary very scary game
hullu peli nam nam uwu
Harika bir oyun ama agalar ile
R.E.P.O is a quirky and fun game that keeps you on your toes with its mix of strategy and quick thinking. The art style is colorful and the humor is definitely a big draw, with some silly, unexpected moments that make it more entertaining than you'd think. One of the most funny games to play with your friends and laugh together. Just if you have a friend who has angry issue, try to not break the expensive stuff.
> buy game
> make friends buy game
> play with friends
> friends break everything they touch (su)
> friends die because they said uwu to the deaf monster
> realize how stupid your friends are
> realize you still love them despite their stupidity
10/10 game
It's a great multiplayer game and it's very fun to play with friends.
10/10,
Way better than Lethal Company
-
10 10
[
this game is so fun
very fune
Very fun game, I recommend it to everyone!
Only original feature - is physics engine. The rest - poor Lethal Company clone, overwhelmingly positive just cause of hype. Not worth it
look, i hate the design of the enemies. i think enemies that can one shot you and stun lock you make for a bad game. we all know this game is made for multiplayer and i get that but if you're thinking this game is good for a single player experience, you're sorely mistaken. even with the best run you can have, it can be taken away from you by both the smallest enemies and the most difficult ones. i wanted to give the solo gameplay one last run and i was forced off the ledge and into a pit after getting a seriously good run and getting to the 6th level. i think duos or more players, or modding the game are the only ways you can have fun playing this game. DO NOT get this game with the mindset soloing it will be fun.
with that said. i do find this to be a fun game for multiplayer but again, only in multiplayer. either join a discord server that's about r.e.p.o. or make sure you have a friend that's willing to play the game with you or this will be sitting on your shelf collecting dust
Better with friends
waw
I recommend it to everyone, both scary and fun.
very nice
asf
juegazo
super
10/10
Great!
da
amazing to play with friends and hilarious
Graficos 0/10
Fisicas 10/10
10/10
Jugabilidad 10/10
Sonido 10/10
nota final: 11/10
very fun, frustrating to watch your friends fumble a precious item though, lol. 10/10 would recommend 11!
blah blah blah bleh bleh bleh blu blu blu ha bububububububububuububbubu look look look linga guli guli guli wancha linga guu lingan guu
10 10
4 6
Fun.
amk
good game, it's missing support for inverted mouse players though.
100 / 100
This game is incredibly fun to play with friends, and makes for some really funny moments. I have a few things that I could be picky about like how there aren't that many types of valuables, or how few monster types there are, but honestly with how new the game is it's really good. 8.5/10 funny horror game (I got this gifted to me, but I still think it's worth the money)
Edit: I don't care what anyone says, the emoji mascot is good.
muito bom mas deveria ter lobby multiplayer sem precisar ser de amizades na steam
I LOVE THIS GAME MY FAVORITE GAME OF ALL TIME I WILL KISS THE DEVS RIGHT NOW IF I HAD THE CHANCE
ooo
A casual copycat/moneygrabber,
good with friends for a couple of hours, terrible alone due to scuffed mechanics and difficulty.
If you dont have friends to play with then dont buy it, not worth at all
They should double all the content to make it a proper small game.
So much fun! love it!
jeu trop avec ses amis sa fonctionne avec des petit pc et je conseille a beaucoup de personne car c'est il peut avoir de la trahison, de la coop et de la sauf que ceux jeu tu n'y pense pas trop
<3
i paid to little fir this game
10/10
i like to kill my friends
10/10
Madonna che fatica.
12/10
10/10 listening to Linkin Park while sumo tackling a Clown
this is such a fun game especially in a full pod
Good game, very funny.
+rep
its so buns but cant stop playing bro
drole
f topu
+Rep
This game is a NIGHTMARE! Non-stop crashes, endless "client overtime" errors and miserable connection issues that destroy every bit of fun! It's completely broken and utterly makes me wanna smash my keyboard!
WAKE UP, save yourself the pain and skip this horrible game!
10 10
i5 gtx970, a9-9420 radeon r5 graphics,
great game needs online matchmaking and a better maskot
very nice and funny game with friends
good
:)
4
GOAT game with mates
Trop top
oyun
just fun
so much potencial in this game
rua rua rua
at my eyes tell me why, why baby
divertido pero no recomiendo jugarlo con serchas
XDDDD
[i]UNDERWARD,[/i] [i]The Headliners[/i]).[/spoiler]
3
[i]DEVOUR,[/i]
11 10
funnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
very fun game
good game!
There's a lot of bugs, but I'm assuming that's because it was just barely released. I also wish my Mac friends could play! Other than that it's super fun
5555
Too much fun
The game is exactly what the tags advertise, horrifyingly funny.
Even if your running from monsters it's still hilarious, or if even if your hiding from a frog looking lazer-shooting monster.
I'd give this game a 10/10, very fun to pass time with friends.
soundpad! 1
Detroit become IRS
10 10
good
3
100% worth the purchase! I really hope that the devs stay active and keep the game going with new monsters, objects and mechanics. At the moment it is lacking quite a lot of things, like matchmaking and a kick button, but it looks like the devs are listening to feedback and are actually communicating with the players! And of course the game is brand spanking new and in early access, so I blame them.
Was running at full speed. Fell in a hole. 10/10
I have not laughed like this in ages. Get some friends and laugh all night lmao
played with a full squad only to murder all of them in gladiatorial combat around a pit with my friend, when only we remained, i became victorious, and i still won that match. yes i reccomend it
its good
Writing my one and probably only review specifically for R.E.P.O just to say: you; the logo, banner, and overall mascot goes hard.
this is an amazing game but the bad side is there is no option to play multiplayer without friends, so like as in "browse servers" so your stuck in single player. other then that good game, would definitely recommend to players who love goofing around or just taking the risk or thrill.
10 10
16
alot of fun
abi eski sat komandosu dikkat edin.
wefyhu
REPO FAST LEVI
Ta perron el juego este, tan solo le falta una colaboracion con Corona y ya
This game is seriously so funny. This game makes me laugh so hard, yet scared for my life! It has good sense of terror, since you hardly know yet which monsters will be in each level. Overall, this game is great and a ton of fun! Highly recommended, especially with more than 2 people(:
tyguu
Absolutely love it! There are some bugs, but overall the game brings a new experience! strongly recommend with friends. interesting settings, mechanics and mobs.
Ta bueno
A very fun game to play with your friends with but also very annoying when your trying to survive lol
I hate blind people
bla bla bla
ble ble ble
blu blu blu
boom
blu blu blu blu blu blu
linganguliguli
Buy now guys, the price will increase soon! Can't wait for new updates! Looking forward for new maps.
Some ideas
1. Ability to choose our map based on voting (Maybe there are 3 random maps that players can vote)
2. Add a perk ability to the crown or each accessories
3. Add some points around the map that player can collect to buy accessories
Best game for playing with friends gaming experience in so good
Rip off Lethal company only thing that makes it funny is its players
very good game, i really recommend it if you're looking for games to play with your friends, though i have ONE warning. do NOT play with people that cant keep their mouth shut, trust me. AJ I HATE YOU. overall 10/10!
goodg agme
jbl
34 "R.E.P.O. rule 34"
@DANIK_RUSH
1-3
Alright, dropping a thumbs down so this gets get it twisted, this game is a blast with friends. The vibes are solid, the gameplay is fun, but it could definitely use a graphics upgrade and maybe some fresh cosmetics. Also, major props for the voice-changing feature when holding certain such a sick touch.
Now, the real issue: No controller support. playing most of the time with ROG Ally X. Please add controller support I would like to play a lil more. The second you do, flipping this review to a Four-star, no question.
devs, make it happen!
Someone vomited all over me
#1 in USA =D
6
Peak
-
180 100 10
funny
Fun. Perfect combination between comedy and horror.
krytai igra
Keeps crashing randomly, high ping even if I'm the host
pros:
really fun
really funny
just a good game
cons:
dosen't have a public matchmaking (join random)
play by yourself or with friends ONLY
5
yup
Only game I can play music like a walking JBL speaker, blow up my friends, be terrified beyond all belief, while also looking like a trash can.
10/10, Fully recommend.
COK GUZEL OYUN AMK
run & hide
9/11
Great Game
10/10 so far
Need more maps tho
5/5
this game is good
Make you pump like that!
so its like LC but you have a gmod physgun for a hand
13 strength upgrades outta 10
fun
i liked the concept and the unique monsters. This game is definitely better with friends
Fun but def needs a new mascot
,kl
i want to gut the gnomes
this game is so fun.
Lingan guli guli guli wacha lingan gu lingan gu
Good
R.E.P.O.
11/10,
W 3
wasnt fun :(
to good
6666666666666666666666666666666666666666
Furniture moving in Detroit simulator
i screamed and killed my freind
Ayyyy repollito
hi im repo capital letters
grate gam!
this game is the best in 2025, It is so fun and funny when you get to play with your friends. Recommend it 100%.
YIPPEEEEE!
scary as heck and pretty fun with friends
Nos cagamos de risa mis amigos y yo
+ =
Sigma
Frustrating and unfun with no consistent theme. The frosting is rancid but the game's core is perfect.
best game ever
10 10
real fun with multiple people
cvtcyzdrf
top
hallo
Very fun with friends, haven't tried it alone though. There's a few bugs but nothing big: no crashes or etc. Will be interesting to see what the full release is gonna be like since this is early access. [b]If you have who to play with[/b] I definitely recommend to buy this game!
]
lethal company 2-3
Esta muy divertido pero si o si ocupas amigos para que sea mas divertido aun
The game itself if really fun filled with hilarious moments, however there is one major issue that makes the game unplayable.
When you host a game with friends, 9/10 time your game freezes in the loading screen. Then have to change the launch code each time. Also need to change it depending on how many people are in the lobby. The game also freezes for the host if you loose and start again.
This is a deal breaker as i mainly spend time trying to fix the game rather than playing it. Once this is fixed, the game will be amazing and honestly more fun than Lethal Company.
warning) 2016
RUN!
It is good for playing with you friends
ww
I like the pill creatures
its so amazing a mix of funny and horrifying at the same time!
allows racism
good game
exelente juego
Oh my.
great game really fun with other people
creepy horror if playing alone, funny if playing alone. Perfect for a big friend group
its a super fun game im pretty sure if you're playing it with your friends yall will have a wonderful time i love this game so much :)
8.5 / 10
Siento que R.E.P.O. hace cosas mejor que el Lethal Company, sobre todo respecto a la estructura de mapas, el trabajo en equipo, y el hecho de que sea posible completar los niveles. El Lethal llegaba un punto tan exagerado que era imposible llegar a la cuota.
al juego le faltan cosas: Enemigos, que otro mapa nuevo, objetos. Pero en general, es un juego muy guay.
Chaotic, Fun and full of accidental sacrifice. If you wanna have a good time with friends as well as lose track of time, this game is the one for you!
Extremadamente divertido y especialmente en modo multijugador
juego muy good, jugdo con gigachad123
this game is shit
Best horror game ever
solid game filled with laughs.
it's better then lethal company at face value but with mods currently lethal beats this game.
gros jeu
Its super fun and funny with friends and is good when you play alone but this game is best when you play with friends
Incroyable
This game 1000% Clears lethal company imo
This game is the result of a 10/10 idea filled with the devs' love and a 10/10 execution. One of the absolute best games I've ever played and a very memorable one cause of how many funny and scary moments I've had in it with my friends.
If you got good friends, instantly get this and force them to do so as well, and if not, find some on the official discord server of the game and play with them, or just add me. You're guaranteed to have a great time unless you're a boring, unfunny, horrible kinda guy. Sorry but it's true
However due to the game being in its early stages and the overwhelming amount of players from all around the world, the network system is absolutely horrendous and we gotta wait for future updates and fixes that will hopefully get this fixed and also add new stuff even though the game already feels quite complete in terms of the amount of content in it. This game has endless potential with the massive support it's gotten in very short time. Can't wait for future updates and the next tens of hours I'm gonna spend on it
very fun to play with friends! My first steam game ever and really fun :3 I get motion sickness when I play games quite easily but this one didn't do that to me! I played for 3 hours straight the first time <3
10 10
Surprisingly a lot of fun, and fun to play over and over again.
It's all fun and games until you fart so loudly that your mic picks it up and you immediately get shot in the face.
Found a diamond immediately broke it Friend started shouting at me He got eaten by a ghost
10/10 Experience
Don't trust the Ducks
monster make funny robots stop moving
FIN FIN FIN
10 10
J'ai lancer le jeu mon corp que conserve, ma rencontre a un clown sans yeux qui tirez des lasers a sa grosse couille qui lui sert d'antenne, Le jeu vous apprend aussi comment claquer des gnomes et des dans les murs je recommande
This game did the absolute impossible, I hate ducks now
gud gaem
great
Aboba
saw
vui plus
LOVE
@ devs best way to do cosmetics would be to allow us to paint our pawns, would be funny as
really fun if you want to play with randoms use the discord
es un juego muy divertido, y mas si lo juegas con amigos, no te aburres en un buen tiempo, diversion y risas por horas
solo le falta que le metan mas cositas, mas mostruos, diferentes mapas, un update
aunque asi esta muy bien
10 10
)
I genuinely get so much enjoyment, excitement, and fear out of this game when it works. The ambient sound is cool, the love potion and slow-mo object's effects are cool, the creatures are interesting and cool; I'd 100% recommend this game if it weren't for the fact that I get disconnected every few minutes. It's silly and fun for maybe a round of exploring and collecting items until I'm met with a "Cause: ClientTimeout" screen while 2 of my buddies now have to continue without me and the 3rd experiences the same thing the next round.
I wouldn't say that it makes the game *completely* unplayable, but as I'm writing this, I got timed out for the 3rd time in the span of maybe 15-20 minutes.
(Also, when I first bought (and returned) the game, I couldn't even join lobbies & my steam would straight up disconnect from internet every time I booted it up)
If this gets fixed, you'd best believe I'm devoting many more hours to this game. Until then, I can just say my expectations have been exceeded, yet I'm still a bit disappointed.
TLDR; Truly great game, hard to play when being met with the error screen and kicked every few minutes.
Lesson learned: Don't laugh at the huntsman after he falls off a flight of stairs.
this game is peak, I get to beat a blind old dude and steal his stuff
Very fun game
it is the most funniest game you will ever play
Made $46,000 dying to squids and clowns, 10/10.
Addicting, will play for hours on end with me and my buddies
10/10
bom demaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAIS
6-Player Co-Op is the way to go.
its good
Very worth the 15 dollars i spent (AUD) have has so much fun so far and probably more to come
Make sure to pick up the duck
PPC hra
mantap
Una carta de amor al gaming, te diviertes mucho jugando con amigos.
El punto malo que le veo, es que no le puedes hacer el amor a los monstruos. 9.5/10
fockin ell ref
much fun
i love this game
very fun, especially with more people, can't wait for more content
this game is very fun with friends and also is scary and intenes me and my friend thinks this game you should buy it very cool
Good
funny game. 10/10
Es la mejora directa del lethal company
Game fun, taxman mascot looking like some AI horror emoji is not.
Typoi
very funny
10/10
Legendary! Funniest game ever
every re has its po
This game is so fun; i haven't laughed this hard in a while.
this game is wonderful please download and play with your friends ive never laughed this hard over a game in years!
I think this game is great and offers a unique experience from games such as Lethal Company or Content Warning. The game tries to be quirky, yet succeeds in offering an unsettling level of suspense and challenge that similar games deliver as well. It is not as terrifying as lethal company, but can still offer a good undie-soiling experience. If you're worried about it not being as scary as other games in the genre, you're probably right, yet the looting system, shop, and failure sequence make the game very enjoyable and add a surprising amount of replayability. This game is also hilarious and there is so much fun to be had with friends. I wish there were servers in this game so people could play without friends, but aside from that I have no complaints and the discord server will fill that function until the game does. Text to speech is funny as well
this game fucks
R.E.P.O.R.O.N.GA
on foenem grave i got you young bluh
A pretty fun coop horror game. If you've played lethal company, content warning, headliners, or phasmaphobia you've basically played this game as well. The way you interact with objects and how they interact with the environment is the big selling point for this game and I can't lie, it's a great selling point. The design of the robots and how their mouths move while players speak also makes the game genuinely hilarious. They have got to change the logo though because that ugly emoji single-handedly makes me want to leave a negative review.
matti er opp
180
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Thought the game looked like bad Lethal Company and I was very wrong. They really don't play very alike at all and this game I find FAR more enjoyable if I were to compare. Can't wait to see what more they do with this game!
game is hella fun
corn
good
10 10
Stole 10 bucks from my cat
Downloaded seeing the emoji
After downloading I tried one match I passed my pants
Called for friend to buy they bought did the tutorial and we started playing we talked by soundboard and after we were done cat was coming at me with a whipp
10/10 recommended
This game is gas. Would play this over going to my own wedding 10/10
Love being a trashcan with a cube for a son.
I wish the enemies weren't so silent, though, and that the directional audio wasn't so muted. I feel like I'd be able to hear a big monster stomping behind me.
yah
fun
great lethal-like, very silly the physics-based gameplay makes it super fresh and challenging, very worth the money. controls are nice too, i love crawling under tables
Blind man blows robots to smithereens for making noise in his peaceful neighborhood while fourteen gnomes watch. More news at 10
0
3.
10
yes
good asss game just try it
derpy, hilarious, scary, hours of fun, I LOVE IT! me and my friends have already done a couple videos with it, and we are excited for new levels, items, buffs, and threats. given how this game is in beta, i can only imagine whats in store for alpha and full release! we cant wait!
This game is the derpiest horror game i have ever played. And it somehow is scarier than Outlast. make it make sense! This is the most fun 6 people can have in a spooky scary type looter game and i cannot stop playing and i cannot wait to see what the devs have planned for the future. EVEN THOUGH ITS IN BETA. ALPHA IS GOING TO BE ABSOLUTELY GREAT.
Feels like a natural progression from Lethal Company, fun as hell, Enemies are annoying but you have ways to deal with them. Plus the dev team so far is very comunicative and comitted to this game.
fun
i loved this game It is So Beyond Funny And Its Very Likely To Grow very Well In the Future Of Gaming playing with 6 people was amazing lets Keep up the great work TEAM
Lots of casual fun
Best game ever
i like it
Been a minute since I cried laughing at a game with the boys on a work night.
le disparas a un ciego y a un bebe? Y no se diga de cuando matas a un patito, Joya 500/10
Curou minha Pode comprar
10/10 game
Bring friends and have a lot of fun.
First time in a lethal-company like genre and its a blast.
Its really fun and with mods i think the replaybility is pretty good in that way
gud
FUn game if u have useless and dumb@ss friends
family guy funny moments
remove the duck please
Best game ever
great game
i be the android guy
ivan rugrat
I pissed my self when i saw the bitch with the swords running at me
Great Game to play with friends
Good
Basically Trust Issue Simulator
Recomiendo
fun :D
REPORONGA.
I have game
repo-ronga ,osea good
A bunch of ducks totem poled together and then killed me. I exploded, dude. Also i accidentally turned a gasoline tank into a bomb. All of this while trying to earn my paycheck. Long story short: 10/10 game.
game made me come back onto steam after a couple of months to play, funny
SI
You can have soo much fun with mates while playing this amazing game R.E.P.O
si.
I am, to put it lightly, not a gamer. Got this one to play with my (definitely a gamer) partner, and even though I suck, I don't suck so much the game is unplayable for me. I've even had some moments of success where I didn't completely embarrass myself! I do sometimes get scared with the "horror" elements, and normally I can't play scary games at all, but since the monsters are so cute, once I get over the startle reflex, I'm able to be much less scared than I normally am. Figured I'd share a review from someone who is usually completely awful at this stuff. if you're scared you won't be very good at it, it's not too hard! Give it a try!
fUCK YOU
whatsapp bean
:)
Even monsters fear the IRS
When you get past the pure terror of having a cart full of cash and a giant head behind you, great game 10/10
God
Asi nomas
nig
One of the best games to come out this past couple of years. Even crazier that its made by a small team.
best game
3
peak, pure peak <3
fun
Best game to play with friends in 2025
Hillarious and horifying, you'll laugh and scream
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
Bastante bueno si no fuera por los monos que considero amigos.
fgvbyyerjhmnikl;fh gjbhkmn,.
great game
fun game
Es otro juego de entrar y robar, pero a mi me gusto por que siento que no eres tan debil como en otros
para mi sus puntos fuertes son
*El modo singleplayer (un jugador) es muy amigable cosa que en otros no tanto
*El concepto al menos a mi me gusta mas que otros no se tiene algo que me atrapo
Los puntos malos para mi solo uno no tiene modo online pero claro es un juego que aun esta en desarrollo seguro lo agregara mas adelante, siempre he pensado que estos juegos mientras mas soporte y contenido nuevo y diverto se agregado constantemente pueden brillar mucho
so much fun packed into such a little creature not to mention playing with friends. highly recomend playing
game good also please keep the emoji icon in the cover don't listen to sensitive reviewers
bueno, pero ya al lethal company y me parecen iguales y que no vale la pena tener los dos juegos. es divertido si no has jugado juegos con la misma
the best game ever*\
Juegazo
Huntsman is hot
great game love it
It's a really fun game to play with friends and I like it MUCH more than Lethal Company. It can be a fairly scary game at times too.
dis is a W game its like lethal company but a little more easy but also a little hard i think its a lil better then lethal company not to demanding for your pc its way better with friends
ss
HOOOOOOOOLY SHIT
bueno sin mas
Good
very cool
Very fun
The scariest part of this game are my idiot friends
Es un cague de risa cuando juegas con amigos
911
Hey hidden adorable (5 games later) IM GONNA BASH YOUR FUCKING SKULL IN IF YOU PICK ME UP ONE MORE FUCKING TIME YOU INVISIBLE RAT FUCK BASTARD
look in my eyes me why why baby why!
[spoiler]
Very fun game, especially with friends! Very funny moments at times, and actually scary at others. Great game!
el mejor juego del fokin wor
fun
Fun
Best $10 bucks you'll probably ever spend! so worth it. It's fun, ridiculous chaos all at the same time. Can't wait to see where they go with this game.!
amazing game!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAh
i said, and hear me out "hey. Whats up! Hello!"-Fetty Wap
We kill big monsters through the power of friendship
yeah im repoing, ahh yeah im repoing right now ahhhh
genial
We laughed so much in just 3 hours
nice game.
TOO FUN
You know playing with friends is amazing, and with this ambience is way better
On our FIRST playthrough, my friend taunted the huntsman. BEFORE HE COULD FINISH HIS SENTENCE, he got shot in the face.
Ever since, the game has been pure comedy gold.
10/10, its been so long since a good lethal company-esque game got released.
if you want to have a good time i advice you to play it with friends
Don't get this game if you need to do things in life.
Fun tism
my sides are dead
the ghost took him
Super fun game to play with the boys. only complaint is whoever is not hosting has to deal with crazy latency even on the same network. once they fix that itll be unreal
fun
Very fun game to play with friends
Super funny horror game best with friends
bacon egg and cheese
Haven't even gotten out of the shop yet, GOTY.
entretenido y mejor si se juega en equipo
it got me
ta Chido para jugar con los compas
gracias al que me lo regalo
FUN
le faltan como 73 actualizaciones pero muy bueno
juegazo
Very fun game.
goated as joe
best game on steam right now
R.E.P.O is a game best described as a co-op sandbox. The game is ridiculously fun with friends and alone, the premise is so simple my recently deceased grandmother could learn it. You run around the map collecting odd tidbits and sell them off to the infamous "taxman" to meet your quota. This game has many similarities to Lethal company but differs itself from the competition. Enjoyable games, laughing with buddies late night, and finding ways to either kill or get your friends killed. I can not stress enough how funny this game can be at times, and I highly recommend playing it if you're looking for a chill, semi-horror style game. However the game isn't without it's fault, Bugs, excessive enemy spawns and extracting glitches CAN happen but not often. There isn't really much to do in the game in terms of content since all you really do is go from map to map with increasing difficulty doing the same thing over and over, however I will add that the players themselves really make up for it with the funny stuff that goes on in the game. Overall, R.E.P.O is a blast to play with friends and doesn't really compare to any other experience in terms of gameplay loop, hilarity, and overall co-op concept. To anyone thinking about Purchasing R.E.P.O, Do it, you will not regret it and I look forward to seeing the devs continues to support the game with more updates, patches, content drops, and much more. 9/10
10/10
Very Fun
AHHHH AHHHH AHHHH.10/10 :D.anyway AHH-
cant sex the frog :(
so much fun
AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH
Baseball, huh?
great game
ffunny
Embrace the chaos.
It fun
I'll never understand how people find janky control games like this entertaining. Feels like only school QWOP trying to do anything. Multiplayer is an absolute joke. This is early, early, early access.
I have not laughed this hard in a while! This game could actually cure depression I swear! Please buy this!
one thing, addiction.
mmmmmmmmmmmmm
The banner icon for this game is horrid (The Game is incredible)
CHICKEN JOCKEY *proceeds to get shot by the blind man*
makes me jiggle
The games npcs will camp you and leave i cant play without the enemies standing infront of me for 20 minutes
Gave me a panic attack the first time I played with my friend. So bad my heart wouldn't stop racing for an hour. 10/10 will play more
REPO is amazing.
After playing Lethal Company out the wazoo, I was really excited to see REPO start popping up in my feeds on multiple platforms.
REPO takes everything Lethal Company started and ups the silliness by a factor of five. The muppet-style robots you play as, the stupid physics, the enemies themselves. It's so dang funny!
If you loved Lethal Company, you'll really like REPO as well.
touch the duck.
My friends wont stop hitting me with a cart.
E
Sex update when?
chidooo
yes]
My husband looked up at the ceiling, got caught by something, and started sounding like Elmo. Meanwhile, the Bowtie dude was farting at me and one of our friends. 10/10 playing again rn
very fun game
need help! bought this game cuz it looked super fun and been trying to play it for 3 hours, it wont put me in the game.
I really loved Lethal Company but it had some hiccups. The timer, the 4 friend limit, the limit to how much you could carry, and how long it took to actually get going.
This game. Fixes all of those issues. I wouldn't call it a Lethal Company clone, as it feels like it's own game, but Lethal Company is the closest thing I could compare it too.
Been playing this with a group of friends and it's. Well it's just plain fun. Chaotic fun that is incredibly streamlined. You have a good time no matter what.
The only thing I wish it would change is that maybe the Dead Heads could talk. That way if your friends are hiding with your corpse you can type a comfort message of "Run" just to really scare them.
Probably one of the best games out there in 2025
Cheap, fun, and trolling can be taken to another level.
Though, enemy ai could be quite unpredictable and looting can be quite stressful due to value loss from damage.
I'd give it a try if I'll be honest.
gg
jogo muito divertido para zoar com seus amigos e xingar eles a cada erro :)
Bastante divertido, solo recuerda tener amigos con quien jugarlo o volverte tryhard en solo
great humor
a cat walked onto my porch, and my dog brought down the wrath of of the huntsman upon my ass.
really really sigma game i would recommend
yakub, our creator
Lethal company, but actually good
pretty good gave me quite a spook
Best game of 2025! Very fun with friends
super divertido para jugar con amigos si eres miedoso como yo xD con cautela xD
= =
✅Bom
Witcher 3
frame foi pintado por Da Vinci
= Requisitos =
coisa que conduza energia
✅Uma calculadora com 1 pilha
celular
pc de entrada
com CPU e GPU muito boas
da NASA
= =
✅Nenhuma
uma historinha
digna de prestar
boa
pelo Tolkien (prepare o
= Jogabilidade =
de dois dedos pra jogar
(4 dedos pra ser
bacana
excelente
= Complexidade =
da velha mais complexo
de entender
de aprender, de dominar
daqueles jogos que as pessoas ficam estudando
de, no 2 doutorados
= Dificuldade =
cachorro consegue
Dark Souls
Souls
o ser humano capaz de zerar
= Tempo de jogo =
jogar enquanto ouve 1
seu neto termina
= =
melhor jogar no mudo
✅Muito bom
escritas por Hans Zimmer
escreveu junto com Beethoven
= Bugs =
✅Nunca vi nenhum
bugs
ficar irritante
estragar a gameplay
= Publico =
casuais
profissionais
✅Tudo e todos
= Compensa Comprar? =
FREE
justo
se tiver dinheiro sobrando
uma
demais recomendo
queimar seu dinheiro
= Nota final =
✅ 10/10
Game is fine mechanic wise but some shit was not thought out. Upgrades that are not shared is not fun to deal with. If you have shit friends then it just becomes unfair just how important and overpowered strength is compared to other upgrades. Upgrades are expensive and gear is far more valuable, but what I've found is if you deal with greedy friends or randoms then it's not fun to fight over who gets what. Horrible system that needs to be completely revamped.
good game
My buddy just got respawned, then my other buddy ran the cart into and he fell into acid and died, 12/10 would recommend.
"3.500"
Game is way too janky right now
!$@#
Jesus christ this game is so fucking fun, theres monsters you can hear your friends be bruttally murderd, contant milk it everything let this mf be bought!
fum
juegazo
fun
I think they would double their sales if not more if they changed that mascot to one of the robot characters.
Lethal company but good
A
good
R.E.P.O. is similar in concept to Lethal Company, but in my opinion, I honestly find it a lot funner and funnier. Even if it is a bit simpler, something about this game makes it easier to get into than LC. Probably the atmosphere has something to do with it, but either way, definitely the hardest I've laughed in a long time in a video game. Worth the ten bucks.
"WHAT THE HECK IS THAT"
pls play game!
:3
Muy bueno y divertido, saquen contenido
Atualmente um dos melhores jogos para jogar com seus amigos, n da pra para de rir kkkkkkkk
Estou ansioso para as 10/10
[spoiler]Odiei o velho da espingarda[/spoiler]
great game
Esta bueno para jugar con los panas. Si se enano uno de ellos, lo puedes usar como parlante si el otro pone en el
no lo compren si van a jugar con compas bien changos por que luego te diviertes y eso es malo
very fun and funny to play with others but when everyone dead or playing alone very scary
i really enjoyed playing this game with my friends
V good game, hoping for regular updates
GETTING BOOTY HURT IS FUNNY
top
Yes
melhor jogo de 2025
very fun with friends, horrifying when by yourself
yippee
ts hella fun fr lmao
i slapped someone so hard with a wad of cash i sent them into next week
android looking ahh
Pretty fun game. I wouldn't say its that scary with there only being 2 jumpscares. the ambiance is really good making everything feel creepy. The game takes a second to figure it out but after you do it becomes super fun. I only encountered lag once and it was really bad. But it only happened once. Really fun game with friends YOU NEED FRIENDS FOR THIS GAME
Headman moving like von in his prime took out 3 people in one go.
Esse jogo proporcionou alguns dos momentos mais da minha vida, seloko, muito bom
verguisima 10/10
very fun
Me gusta mucho, sobre todo cuando esta adentro.
a pretty fun game, except for the fact it crashes constantly and makes my pc restart. If that gets fixed, we are golden!
so good
Listening to your friend's scream in horror as you make some stupid noise that gets them killed.
Break the most valuable object right as you reach the extraction site
10/10 highly recommend
El juego es super bueno y divertido por todo te la puedes andar de risa y risa pero lo unico que le veo es que si no tienes amigos con quien jugar como es que vas a jugar :( deberian de agregarle el modo de poder unirte con mas gente que lo juega no exclusivamente con amigos porque si no uno no podria jugarlo
muito bom
recomendo pra jogar com os que cala a boca
Very nice game fun and easy to play
good for friends play together and a lot funny worth the 6 bucks
MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
this game is ass man. Lethal company is 10x better!
You'll sh*t your pants and laugh your ass off at the same time.
repo so good easiest game ever played beat level 2 first try
R.E.P.O
ta weno
si tenes amigos te una banda, si sos como yo lo compraste al pedo
muito divertido com os amigos
espero mais att
Fun game
whats the point of a heath bar if every enemy in the game one Taps you.
rew12332`13
FIREEE
10/10 love bullying my friends
10/10
Cute Duck
You can pet a duck 10/10
Super fun with friends!
epico
5 stars love it
now that ive actually played it, i actually somehow hate it more than before i wasted 10 dollars on it. Not only does it rely too heavily on camaraderie, it also has an insane amount of imbalances and bugs. The inconsistency between the enemies is unbearable, some enemies do actually nothing but stand there, and others will one shot you and destroy all your shit, they do way too much damage and have way too much health, there is also zero reason to even try to kill them anyway because they eventually respawn making the effort worth virtually nothing but maybe 5 safe minutes. Not to mention if you die, when you respawn you're given a whopping ONE health to finish the level on, regardless of what upgrades you have. the biggest cherry on top is the redundancy of levels, every single time (and there were alot because of aforementioned reasons) i had to restart, id see essentially the laziest attempt at a procedurally generated map ive ever seen; there are only 3 types of levels and they all spawn in the same way as the last of the same type. Another insane issue is the pairing of the two biggest issues, The insane enemy paired with the shitty and redundant map generation can literally just end your run before you get anything. Most frusterating example is having the Manor Map which almost always has a long ass hallway to the second extract and having the Robe monster spawn in the map, with this pairing it makes the level basically impossible to complete as the Robe monster will genuinely one tap your entire team and then break all your shit. The amount of glaze the game gets is more rage inducing than reading tiktok comments, especially since they had basically copied lethal company, but added gimmicks that are good on paper but they ultimatley ruined. Genuinely 3/10 game on the craig porter jr slop scale, do not buy unless you have a sucker friend to buy it for you.
fun
bing chilling
great game
yes
C est rare que je met une evaluation mais ce jeux en merite une ,c est vraiment un excellent jeux a jouer en coop. Fun / fou rire et serieux on s ennuye jamais
Chapeaux a cet equipe pour ce jeux et on espere qu il seras pas abandonner :)
Tons of fun with friends.
Jogo legal, porem caso nao tenha amigos nao vale a pena
no filter on tts makes funny ha ha's
GOOD GAME NOT JUST A LETHAL CLONE
TAMK
EVERYTHING IS SO GOOD AND HOW THE AREAS GETS HARDER VERY LEVEL UNTIL LEVEL 11 SO GOOD. The one main thing is you need to add an area that is outside and make it so some monsters can't be seen on some different areas or you can make monsters more common on some other areas like the duck being more common on an outside map. but even so, this game is great.
yes
#1
Banger
"Just like my parents, I too will continue to ignore the child."
fun for the whole family!
es un juego muy bueno muy entretenido 100% recomendado
OBSESSED with this game. I watched streamers play first and thought it would be bad but I really am glad I bought it!
good
Funy robots go bong
Not bad but after about 1-2 hours you've seen all of the game and all of the content available, this being an indie cheap game its still worth playing its funny, creepy and weird. Play with friends as this game is extremely difficult by yourself.
Amazing game! Needs closed captions for folks though.
pickel chin
made a mobile tank out of a flamethrower and the cart. the monsters did not like us fighting back
Scary! Ahhhh!
The enemies are unbelivably unbalanced, the objects break with the slightest touch. This game is unfun and needs serious improvements
r.a.p.e.o
This game has brought out sides of my friends and I that we haven't really seen from each other. This is a chaotic evil energy deriving game.
Absolutely loooove this game. Play jump rope with your friends head. Run your friends over with the cart then pick them up and throw them into the enemy. Just chaaaaaoooss
Gud
ITS FUN EVEN WHEN U DIE WITH FRIENDS
a perfect game for a group of retards to ave fun.
consistent updates well structured community and a love for pure fun in game and out, this game is amazing
With mods on a 6 person lobby and no sound boarders, this game is perfect beyond comprehension, even with strangers
curiosito y chido a la vez xd
Good game
veri nais
idk. 70% of the games you have to restart because it doesnt give you enough stuff. you break 2-3 items and you have to restart.
No brain cells required
-
Amazing
Desde os primeiros instantes, este jogo se revela uma envolvente e sofisticada, capaz de cativar e surpreender em igual medida. A meticulosamente proporcionando uma profunda que equilibra momentos de e com maestria.
Os com seu design criativo e adicionam um charme singular trazendo um toque de leveza e humor ao universo do jogo. os monstros, por outro lado, por intensos momentos de susto, garantindo uma constante de e imprevisibilidade. O jogo sabe conduzir o jogador por uma jornada repleta de calafrios, sem nunca perder sua
No conjunto, trata-se de uma obra que alia entretenimento e de maneira exemplar. Com uma refinada e uma atmosfera cuidadosamente elaborada, este se firma como uma deixando uma marca naqueles que se aventuram por seus desafios.
Jogo Maravilhoso
Fun to troll
Lethal company, in a sense, became the next FNAF (not like that) I mean that as in a ton of clones popped up, some bad some good. REPO is one of the good ones. While content warnign was super repetitive and boring, REPO finds a way to keep it fresh with a "roguelike" structure, a fun physics twist, and an emphasis on stealth. Content warning had some good ideas but overrelied on "lol your character is made of jelly" but this ones good, ignore the mascot.
that game really fun its like i played with only me and with my friend it was fun every monster make get more fun then i play the game idk if i need to scared or not that game is really fun and its only 5.75 buy it and yea bye
Game of the year material
GREAT
Hilarious game! Highly recommend! Great mix of scary and funnnny.
uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
R.E.P.O, is an insanely silly, horror game. It is great to play with friends, it has so much unspoken lore for players to find over time, with silly, interesting, sometimes delicate monsters.
fun, chaotic, and some creepy game play. Interesting mechanics with simple controls. Great with multiple people and the proximity chat is great when someone is being chased. Some enemies will scare the s*t out out you if you're not paying attention. Great game I can't wait for them to release more content.
Este juego esta para jugarlo con amigos, genera muchas risas, y entretenimiento.
Pero si lo deseas jugar solo, no es lo mismo, ya que juega con el miedo a lo que puede haber en la si tuviera mas variedad de de (para que no se vuelva repetitiva y no canse) seria muy bueno, pero mas de eso, el juego esta muy bueno, le pongo un 8,5/9.
Very fun with friends, great combination of both goofy and spooky enemies, mix of treasure hunt and hide and seek. Highly recommend this game, can't wait to experience it as it continues through development.
This has been the most stupid fun I've had on a horror game in a LONG time, love this, keep it coming!
pinche juegazo espectacular
this game is really fun to play with friends it has funny monsters as welll highly recomend
go for sprint speed trusrt
i love the game but at the same time i hate it because i have to invite friends but i still love the game just please add a feature where you can join random people [love the game!]
$100
Muy buen juego, es de entender, pero de jugar. Es recomendado jugarlo con amigos para una mejor experiencia, si no tienes amigos hay patos que pueden serlo.
Un punto negativo que le veo y no es por el juego, es que si tienes un micro malo o con ganancia alta que detecte a tus vecinos ruidosos o los ladridos de tu perro, eso detalles te en contra, ya que en este juego es vital ser silencioso. Pero fuera de eso es un muy buen juego.
Funniest Game I've Played Bc I Killed My Friend On Accident Twice
Stop scrolling, just play it
just. yes
BANGER!
Fun game. Fun to play with your buddys, and others. Enjoy!
very spoopy very chaos :3
locura de juego
que buen juegaso
Fun and chaotic, tad buggy, worth
Amazing game with friends
Play repo now!
gggggg
Lethal Company but better
i love getting touched by huntsman, my guy need to watch where he walks though he be falling everywhere
reap o
cant recommend bc you cant join public lobbies therefor cant play unless friends play
this game is single-handedly all the serotonin i needed in my life.
so fun to play with dumb friends lol
It is a very good game! Even though the game is a indie game it's a very well made game. Would recommend to 10/10 Game.
I love killing my teammates, in funny ways. :D
Lethal company but a lot funnier
Basically a more fun version of Lethal Company. Hilarious fun with friends.
Muito bom,dei muita risadas bom demais pra jogar com os amigos e cada sala uma nova kkkkk
this game is Absolutely AMAZING! it's simple quality makes death all the funnier
w
i shat myself
Pretty fun game, Voice chat can get very overwhelming when playing with a full group of 6 or you're playing with mods with a group or 12 or 13 then you're constantly deaf even when you turn them down, they're either too loud or too quiet there's no in between. Fun game though. I love jumping into the gaping holes in mid map
Funny game go brrrr
Definitely a fun switch up with its own gameplay loop and goofiness. repo is good for having a laugh with buddies.
i fell off into the abyss before the first bounty goes thru, one of my friends puts me into the extraction last second and revives me. good times.
Esse jogo muito cativante! As divertidas e acontecem o tempo todo. O design dos inimigos extremamente criativos, e os mesmos muito inteligentes. Quer se divertir com amigos? Baixe sem medo. Fazia tempo que um jogo indie me prendia assim!
UN CAGO DE RISA, SOLAMENTE PARA JUGAR CON AMIGOS
good game
Jogo eu vi m,eu amigo ser pulverizado por uma perereca, e outro sendo devorado por um pato
Brincadeiras a parte, jogo excelente, garantida com os amigos, super recomendo!
big black guy ate me
Mano que jogo bom, se estiver na igual eu e tiver mais amigos para jogar, vai sem medo, o barato para a proporcionada
good bruv
What a fun game full of nonsense-icle, laugh out loud, gut bursting fun and oh shit moments. You will laugh so hard you'll end up dying to something, or run away trying not to scream. Good time for all.
Solid early access game- loads of fun. Definitely still under development but very refined otherwise. Can't wait for more updates
10/10. This game is so great, that even the a Duck can be an Apex Pradeter.
Just saw my friend get awped by the old man 10/10 my morney was well worth it 11/10
yes
Wacky physics-based horror fun
game is hilarious
great game
Jeu amusant mais vite je vous conseille de mettre des mods c'est plus
fun
Very nice game 100%
Horror and funny + multiplayer the best combination
hilarious game, good time killer, has its moments
funny
tons of fun with your friends (and likely by yourself) - cinematic masterpiece, harkening to the days of time splitters co op. but make it horror.
good
jogue o jogo tome susto veja todos os seus amigos serem brutalmente molestados pelo et bilu depois disso sobreviva sozinho ande pegue varios itens e pegue a deles e volte pro inico cantando 'la la la' e depois seja brutalmente molestado pelo et bilu que apareceu dunada (se quisserem comprova oq falei so olha o tiktok do fariastrom)
so fun
good fun. RAMBO approves!
Beautiful. Stunning. Brilliant.
ling gan guli guli
good.
Good Game
another fun game
PEAK.
loved it
ignoring the horrible icon, game is awesome and super fun. best to try for yourself instead of looking at the marketing images
Fun.
AWESOME BUT HAS A LONG WAY TO GO. Kinda difficult with a small group but perfect for 5 ppl or more, very simple concept which i really like. wish there was a manual save and difficulty settings.
Muito bom pra jogar com os amigos!
Good.
Simplemente:
Excelente juego, recomiendo jugarlo con amigos (conprenlo juntos ).
Es divertido todos los bichos te pegan un susto porque no ves un corcho, y matarlos es divertido
y encima modearlo es mejor todavia ajja asi que nada.
Si tenes amigos segunderos o al menos un amigo para jugarlo compralo porque esta buenisimo
are you sure?
got the game to play with friends. i got more friends to play this game with
ES MUY BUENO
peak
Very fun to play with a group of people
very good, makes fun time with friends
Ta duro dorme!
Good
I screamed I creamed
wow
Fun to play and funnier to play with friends.
this game is great, i think it perfects the lethal company formula with the charm of content warning. people who leave negative reviews either don't know how their keyboard works or don't have any friends to play with and take it out on this game
gooooood gaaaame
amazing
jbl
goodboy
Incredible game, I have gotten my fiance killed so many times and now we're arguing, 10/10
funny lol
ta muy chistoso
mu bueno
que ponga los mods gratis no sean ratas, 10/10 el jueguito
Jogo maravilhoso mas o unico ponto negativo que ainda nao tem a de encontrar os jogadores mas tirando isso on jogo
I feel so sigma!
1. dokunma
2. dokunma
3. Bir
Fun with friends, pain in the rear on single player. Very Funny Horror Game. 10/10
Muito top
meow
repository
love getting betrayed by my own team then proceed to get eviscerated by a megamind wannabe alien. would recommend
repo
get
The people who are unhappy with the picture for the game are the same ones who tend to be habitually critical or complain without valid reasons.
NEEDS MATCHMAKING!
Divertida a de domicilio
Que juegazo hijueputas
god
VEry GOOD
Super fun to play with friends! the chaos makes it even better. hope it gets more updates in the future
this game very very silly and goofy i look forward to the updates coming for the game!
af
peak game
emoji does not do the game justice, the silly robots should be the first thing you see
Soundpad"
3-4
L O L
Definitely needs more content, but with that being said. this game has been stupidly fun! I've both played singleplayer & with friends and both have different feels but both amazing nonetheless! I love the devs and how transparent they are with their community. It's honestly refreshing, and can't wait for the new contents!
It's far better than Lethal Company. :D
goated
4-3 otizimli birlikte bir oyun oluyor amk
Good
my friends my dick cry
It's lethal company but with actual effort
Passed out from laughing to much
10/10
Amazing Game.
good game
lethal company but 1000000000x better
piola
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUUEREUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUEUETTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
fuck that bitch ass duck make a game mode excluding him from the game.
-I go in singleplayer
- i do good
-shotgun guy comes
- i run
- my dumbass friend says something
- i get shot
good game for friends and family
I spend well over $70 dollars gifting this game to people and i don't regret it at all. The sheer amount of laughs we've gotten from playing this makes it absolutely worth it.
yes
Its so fun and really funny when you hear your friends then all of a sudden you don't
super good
:)
I just want to be part of your symphony. Can you hold me close
It is so fun to play with other friends and absoloute blast.
UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
killed my friend cause i coughed. fun game
Da pra fazer bullying com idosos deficientes, e patinhos com seus (ou fazer bullying com os amigo tbm se quiser)
cool gtame
-Me and frend start playing
-frend finds vase worth 8.000$
-cute duck appears
-me pick cute duck
-duck starts transforming into a disciple of belzebu
-duck starts fliying to me and starts biting me
-me explode
-frend gets scared and starts running breaking the vase
-frend fell into a pit and dies
10/10 game it was worth buying it
Juego de miedo cooperativo muy entretenido y divertido para jugar con un maximo de 6 jugadores. super recomendado para reir unas horas y se pasa super volando el tiempo de lo bien que se la pasa. es esconomico y divertido.
a perfect game with your friends if you have any
lo mejor para jugar con amigos
"Stealing Haunted Junk Has Never Been This Stupid"
Ever dreamed of risking your life for a possessed Doll? Well, R.E.P.O. makes that nightmare a reality. The gameplay is simple: 1. Grab an object, 2. Fight the laws of physics, 3. Scream as a 10 ft tall head pile-drives your friend, 4. Heroically abandon them to save a Uranium plate.
10/10, would commit paranormal theft again.
AZsadsfdg
android notification noises
Game is pretty fun and I got it for basically free aside from throwing in some sloppy, unfortunately its 6 players max and i'm everyones 7th favorite friend.
bepo
Game is very fun and I cant wait for upcoming updates such as cosmetics and more monsters!
I got to flush my friend in the toilet and watch him explode.
10/10
WHy is dying so funny in this game?
esse jogo o suprassumo do humor, jogar com os amigos uma das experiencias mais de todas, super recomendo
Es muy entretenido y Gracioso
h
I've never written a review that was focused on a game's own terrible branding before. I almost never played this game - dismissed it outright with the current (3/24/2025) steam page and branding of an emoji thing. In fact, when I recommend it to friends now, I have very poor responses from them DUE TO the terrible steam page. Please change the branding to focus on the amazing character design and world design that is this game. The actual game has absolutely nailed hilarity and fun and "horror", but not true horror like the game's page suggests:
Spookiness. Cleverness. Environment. Surprises. Accidents. Spatial Audio.
These are the things that make this game shine, and please refocus on that (and not some horrific (ai generated?) emoji looking thing.
Keep up the good work.
honestly way more fun than lethal company and content warning combined. lots of team sabotage
this game is really fun. I like how you have to go around and collect items and try to avoid the monsters in each level. really funny when your whole group fails and you have to fight at the end to become king of the losers. made me laugh that the next round the king of losers had a crown. I would recommend this game to others. can't wait tot see what else comes next with this game.
Muy buen juego para jugar con amigos, estaria genial que se agrege una forma para jugar en publico con otras personas de su misma region
Very good, very fun, I've laughed till I puked playing this god forsaken game
goty
REPO + SoundPad = Fun for days!
It's ridiculous, do it.
Get it, its amazing.
It feels kind of like Lethal Company, but better in almost every way. Lethal trumps it on atmosphere and horror, but when it comes to game design R.E.P.O has lethal beat in almost everything.
- Its fun to play alone.
- Its even better with friends.
- Difficulty scales really well
- Very few useless items if any
- Death feels fair, when you die its because you did something wrong, and youre practically never dealt unwinnable scenarios
- Monsters are handled VERY well.
- Items and equipment are handled very well.
If youre on the fence about getting it, i would suggest that you do, its a blast.
funny and scary and a lil freaky ;)
game of the year 2025
Super fun game
Fazia tempo que eu dava risadas jogando com meus amigos, e olha que precisei de 5 minutos kkkkk
One of the most fun of these kinda physics game. Murky Divers control with Content Warning spooks.
great fun, and honestly gets more enjoyable the more you play it. You get strats and certain ideas to improve your run. Nothing more fun than TTS typing to your friends across a room while a monster is staring at you.
9.5/10.
GONK
I am going to do something EVIL and VILE to my friends after what this game did to me.
Love the blablabla blebleble blublublu ppl Its so much better then i thought. Recommend if you want to die by laughter. 1000/10
Very fun, silly, and enjoyable to play with friends.
anyone ever tell you, you look like rad roach?
fun
Is really funnnnnn
GOTY 2025 by far. If you haven't had the pleasure of experiencing the sight of your friend being chased by a spider and a weird cloaked figure, then randomly having their mic cut out, buy this game. If you have experienced that, still buy this game. Ts funny as hell.
Really fun especially with mods
needs achivements
It was boring and shit
Super fun to play with friends! Can be made even more fun with mods. Can't wait to see how this game ends up!
buenisimo
If you enjoy a game full of moments of rage, Hilarity, and pure confusion, this game is for you
Hilariously jump scary and great team game. Wish you could have more than 6 players but it is what it is. There is advantages for having a bigger party but same of having a smaller one since some of the monsters are sound based and if you're all yapping can be bad. Kinda cool that you can't hear people as they move away but wish you could know who all is dead without dying yourself. Though bringing heads back is part of it and it's an upgrade to see player count on your map but only for the one person who gets it.
You make me pop like that boom boom
moi j'aime bien
a plusieurs
je recommande
E
comically beautiful.
sehr gut
monke
juegazo goty
PINCHE JUEGO HERMOSO
i grab grenade i see player i go allah akbar
jokes aside i had soo much fun in this in a while espacially when u got a group of retards (friends) and play it
the aspect of able to hit ur bodys makes it funnier ,And how the monsters works its made for you to be able to troll your friends or its gives intense moment between the players
the game is simple but challanging andhave the monsters work very well with them maps and arent broken
Lethal company but better
amazing.
Cried laughing for the first 10 minutes. Worth.
Great unique game. Very well polished so far for early access and can except good things to come for the long term if the dev team sticks with it. Currently no public match making right now is a big downside, but planned in the near future.
it is a very funny and somewhat scary game.
peak game
es muy bueno pero necesitas amigos si o si
So much fun with friends, one of the best games I have played in awhile
its really fun game to play with friends if you have any hahaha but overall im enjoying it and hope to see what offer in the future thank you for making this game
yeeeeees
Gra jest to Dobrze zoptymalizowania, Ciekawe mapy, poruszanie potwory i grafika Jednak pytanie brzmi czy warto?
Jak na obecny stan gra sprawia przez kilka godzin, nic nie wiesz, nie wiesz co cie a gra ze znajomymi fajne efekty, nie mniej jednak Gra jak na obecny stan ma do zaoferowania, kilka rodzai z 3 czy tam 4 i to tyle, dodatkowo trzeba znajomych nie do losowych
szukacie fajnej gierki na kilka godzin ze znajomymi to jak najbardziej polecam,
nie masz do gry to nie kupuj tej gierki.
Czekam na dalsze aktualizacje, ciekawiej
Tehe grabby grabby
fun game especially with friends and people
good job
FUNNY WITH OTHER SCARY HAS HELL BY YOURSELF
fun stupidity
FUN
good game if you like getting pegged by your friends
si
Good co-op fun!
cade os mods
oyunda canavarlar zorlansan bile oynarken
g
gam
lolo
Game of the year
BEST THING EVER
JBL the game
hope they add multiyplayer lobbys but game is very fun
funny game with frends
Jogo muito divertido pra jogar com os manos somente o problema que tem um velho cego que te escuta de todas as formas possiveis parece hack, saudade de quando velho ia pro asilo
best game ever
JOGO MUITO BOM!
R.E.P.O. is a standout game that takes the player on an intense, fast-paced journey through a dystopian world of high stakes, action, and moral dilemmas. With its unique premise, captivating gameplay, and a compelling story, R.E.P.O. redefines what it means to engage with futuristic role-playing and simulation experiences. If looking for a game that offers both heart-pounding action and philosophical depth, look no further. Here's why R.E.P.O. deserves your attention.
1. Innovative Concept and Storytelling
The premise of R.E.P.O. is as unique as it is thought-provoking. Set in a near-future where technology and humanity intersect in profound ways, you play as a character who is part of a system responsible for repossessing technology from individuals who have failed to meet their financial obligations. This dark, morally ambiguous environment raises compelling ethical questions about ownership, debt, and the intersection of technology with human life.
What stands out is how the game combines dystopian themes with high-tension gameplay. The writing is sharp, and the story is deeply engaging, filled with twists, complex characters, and layers of intrigue. You will find yourself questioning right and wrong in this world, and your choices have real consequences. The ability to blend action with philosophical themes ensures R.E.P.O. just feel like a simple game, but an experience with lasting impact.
2. Addictive Gameplay Mechanics
R.E.P.O. presents a unique take on the action RPG genre. The core mechanics are deeply satisfying, blending strategy, decision-making, and fast-paced action. As you play, need to balance your physical abilities with their interactions within a morally gray society. Each decision whether on the battlefield or in dialogue impacts how the story unfolds, and that sense of control over the narrative keeps you thoroughly engaged.
The gameplay loop is finely tuned, making each encounter feel fresh. From combat sequences where you face off against enemies to more cerebral moments where you must negotiate, hack, or manipulate your way through various systems, R.E.P.O. provides a diverse set of challenges. The difficulty level is well-balanced, ensuring that players are always pushed to think strategically without feeling overwhelmed.
3. Visually Striking and Atmospheric World-Building
The art direction and visual design of R.E.P.O. are absolutely stunning. The world feels lived-in and believable, from the gritty urban sprawls to the sleek high-tech corporate environments. The use of lighting and color creates an atmosphere that feels both futuristic and dystopian at the same time.
Character models are finely detailed, and the animation is smooth, making the action sequences exciting and fluid. The environments are highly interactive, inviting players to explore and uncover the hidden layers of this broken world. Whether you're trekking through a rundown cityscape or sneaking into a high-security corporate facility, each environment feels uniquely designed with purpose and lore.
4. Sound Design and Immersive Music
The sound design in R.E.P.O. is superb, complementing the visual aesthetics perfectly. The ambient sounds of the game world the hum of machinery, the chatter of citizens, the distant noise of an ever-moving city immerse you in its gritty reality. Meanwhile, the sound effects during combat are punchy and satisfying, making every battle feel impactful.
The soundtrack is equally impressive, featuring a blend of electronic, industrial, and atmospheric music that heightens the overall tone. The music builds tension during pivotal moments and enhances the emotional beats of the story, ensuring that the auditory experience is as engaging as the gameplay.
5. A Rich and Impactful Narrative
One of most compelling features is its strong narrative. Unlike many games that focus solely on action, R.E.P.O. ensures that the journey is tied to a well-crafted story. The relationships you build with other characters feel authentic and meaningful, and the dialogue options give you control over your character's development.
The choices you make throughout the game matter. Whether it's a moment where you must decide between following orders or doing what feels right, each decision has a ripple effect on the world around you. The narrative's complexity and the moral dilemmas it presents are the backbone of the game, driving players to rethink their actions and ponder the implications of their choices.
6. Replayability and Depth
The game offers significant replayability, thanks to branching paths, multiple endings, and side missions that vary based on your decisions. find yourself eager to replay R.E.P.O., making different choices to see how the story changes and what alternate outcomes unfold. The inclusion of unlockable content, such as new skills, equipment, and narrative paths, adds value for those who love to explore every facet of a game.
The side quests are engaging in their own right, often tying into the main narrative and offering deeper insights into the world of R.E.P.O. These optional missions provide players with additional lore, rewards, and even moral quandaries, making each playthrough feel fresh and exciting.
7. A Unique Take on a Dystopian Future
R.E.P.O. excels in its ability to deliver a truly unique experience in the dystopian genre. It just throw typical at you, but instead offers a nuanced portrayal of a society where debt and technology intersect in a disturbing and sometimes dehumanizing way. The game challenges the player to think critically about role in our lives and the consequences of relying on it too heavily.
Conclusion: A Must-Play Game That Redefines Genre Boundaries
R.E.P.O. is a game that shines in every category. It combines fast-paced, strategic gameplay with an immersive, thought-provoking narrative that explores deep moral themes. The stunning visuals, rich sound design, and replayable content all come together to create an experience you forget. Whether a fan of action RPGs or enjoy games that make you think, R.E.P.O. offers something for everyone. If you played it yet, do yourself a favor and dive into this exceptional title you be disappointed.
joins singleplayer
made it to level 3
blind man enters
takes cover
5 gnomes following blind man
got shot immediately from blind man instead
great game
this game is so fun (Is there going to be a console version?)
My friend has a soundboard, and whenever there is a monster this man, blasts music at the top of the volume, and kills us both. I was dying of laughter
BUEN JUEGO
Recomendo sim, amigo. Pode comprar. Jogue com seus amigos e se divirta com as burrices que possa sair da vazia de cada um deles, ou fique traumatizada ao colocar a em duas amigas e assistir elas simulando um sesgo onde uma delas afirma que vai sair de la.
gramdma fel down the stairs
ong this is the best
my friend got shot with a shotgun and I laughed, got shot right away, 10/10
fernanflo
MUY DIVERTIDO
chi
the little duck is the most valuable thing in the game, pick that little guy up and get him to the extract!
One of the best "Collect object to fulfill quota" type games, very interactive and great fun with friends.
The developers are very active and communicate well at the time of this review.
*Not something to get to play solo in my opinion.
Balance issues that make the game less rewarding and more tiresome
silly
This game is SOOO much fun! Playing with a friend is so awesome.
Amazing game! we have been having really good indie games lately, better than AAA slop
The gross emoji logo makes this game look like Ban Ban tier slop at first glance, but it's actually great.
Combining a physics engine with the Lethal Company-like gameplay loop makes for a simultaneously scary and goofy experience.
While still difficult, REPO is also more forgiving than Lethal Company as you do not lose upgrades upon death (unless everyone dies, thus ending the run) and you get multiple opportunities to revive dead players mid level, rather than being forced to wait till advancing to the next.
Highly recommend
Jogo muito bom, Desenvolvedores ativo na comunidade, muito joguei por horas e enjoei
Muito bom, altas risadas com meus amigos
literally just finished a session where i had my hardest and longest laugh session of my life, 10/10 would recommend
SO MUCH FUN! good for a laugh and a jump scare with friends
Very fun cooperative game to play with friends and many new memories you will make with this game.
Best in the genre. No time limits really lets you mess around with buddies. Great sense of humor. Needs some form of progression. Like cosmetics or something.
best game of the year
scary game = good game
Good game
God, its just so much fun
Very good game to play with friends i recommend it for all to buy it
Myyesss
Es estupidamente divertido con amigos, y un reto jugarlo en Solo pero 20/10
Probably the most fun game you can play right now
most fun I've had with friends!
its fun as long as your team dosent crash out
literally makes me want to kill my friends 10/10 would recommend
this shit is the most fun i've had in a game in years. gameplay loop is repetitive but still exciting every run because of the variability of monsters. pretty glitchy but can do some hilarious stuff with that. highly recommend
heckin poggers
It is a horror game when playing alone, but it will be a comedy game when you play with friends especially the dude who installed a bunch of voicemod.
g
We have loved playing this game with friends. It can be frustrating at times, but for the most part just a funny game.
Very, Very fun and scary but also very funny. I have 10+ hours on this game and i really enjoy it very good job developers.
W
U NEEEED friend tho
100/100 super divertido con amigos horas de diversion XD
hahah i lovve this game, its so much fun, thanks to the devs for creating a really fun game 2 play
i love this game
better than that game
hahahahaahaha
Absolute Cinema
GOTI
An absolute blast with friends!
xq si
I wasn't able to find valuable objects to extraction so my friends sacrificed me to the grimace looking demon.10/10 would die for a grimace shake again
good
Resenha demais.
super cute
Es dificil agarrar a las de las no apto para pedofilos
very fun game about repossessing stuff
Es adictivo, es un juego para pasarlo bien con amigos y echar unas risas.
Spiel ist gut gemacht und Developer sind sympathisch.
cool game but please fucking balance it jesus
Bad german dude no
FUN to play! :)
The game is super fun I love it a lot!
Love this game, its so fun to play with friends! My only wish is to have multiplayer services in the future!
i like putting the huntsman on my friends
Here are my general thoughts on the current stage of R.E.P.O.
First and for most.
My first reaction to the game was honestly more surprising than expecting given it's game play style.
From the looks, I thought it would be a Lethal Company clone, but that's not exactly the case.
This game brings a whole new level of difficulty that actually feels rewarding for your efforts.
Yes this game does have some unreliable collisions and patrolling enemies, but that's something to tackle in the game and it's honestly fun figuring out ways to improve and tackle the delicacy of items and survival.
I've honestly been enjoying this game so much, even playing with friends or playing solo and it's honestly really balanced given the perk system you can gain from the shop. Rather than sharing out the perks, you can take what you like for yourself and become much more stronger than usual.
The enemies in this game are really fun to learn and deal with, my personal favourite is old man and the duck for one of them being your little demonic pet and the other with perfect hearing, but it's worst enemy is stairs.
Overall I give this game a 9.4/10
I would give this game a near perfect just for how incredible this game is for being a really early access.
My only major flaw about the game is the tumble knock back and stall function when attacked by an enemy.
For example the Clown being able to kick me under an object and tumble stall me over and over again as I can't run away.
shitty game
super fricken awesome
Very silly
ESTA BUENARDO
Melhor jogo de terror q eu joguei, e olha que eu joguei muitos incluindo Lethal Company.
Me tirou risadas KKKKK
GUHV
LKJPOBIYHGVUTFV 7YUGBN YGHUTF YTGF BYHUJ
0IUHVBGTUGFB
\
ONMUIHJNUYIHNJ=
'-O0IJBNUT7FRV6TGBNMJK,.LP/;['}
';[P/LO.IK,MJ NHBGFDCXSEZAWWq2Q3WS4EDR5F6T7YH8U90-;'[
]\
JVB UYGTV YGUHV YGH HB UHNJB HGB BH GBHVY YUGHB YGBU H T7VB Y 7GHVB Y7G
better than lethal company and content warning combined
YASSSSSSSSSSSSSS
I love hearing the screams of my friends as they die
yes
Peak
love this game.
very good
fye
recomendado para jugar con amigos una joya
OOOO
Je me suis rarement autant
It's super fun to play with friends.
fun
there is a suicide button
10/10
il gioco molto carino e divertente ma contiene fin troppi bug. gente che cade nel vuoto a caso, nemici che ti spawnano a ripetizione sulla testa etc etc. bel gioco ma doveva uscire solo dopo averlo controllato di cosi solo fastidioso. ma poi una domanda. possibile che nessuna persona tra italiani, inglesi etc. si sia lamentato degli innumerevoli bug presenti? solo a me ai ragazzi con cui ho giocato sono capitati bug del tipo che vieni teletrasportato a caso e muori sotto la mappa? un mio amico in partite ha continuato a esplodere da solo e sempre lui insieme all'altro sono diventati a caso immortali. io rimango scioccato
Bahby threw my teammate at me, very good :)
hella fun w/ friends
indeed
Jogo muito bom para jogar com amigos! Sistema de torna tudo mais
so bad
muito bom nota 3
big funny
That one sword hand lady monster is kinda bad fr
Always touch the silly duck, nothing bad will happen :)
Here I will leave this beautiful Capybara, whoever passes by can pet it and give it a thumbs up (I need Steam Points).
a
The game has a solid foundation with plenty of potential for growth.
Pros:
Some mobs one-shot you - you can fight for your life
The hourglass that deepens your voice is brilliant.
The eye that high-pitches your voice is hilarious.
Teamwork is required to carry heavy objects, which adds to the experience.
You can carry your friends for playful bullying.
Cons:
Shared money often means others take everything, leaving little reward for you.
Maps AI-generated, so you learn them quickly and lose the joy of exploring.
When you die, little to do, and reviving takes a long time.
lethal company but funnier
2023: lethal company
2024: content warning
2025: repo
i love this game a lot
its very fun the more friends you have
jogo muito bom para jogar com amigos, recomendo usar o discord do repo se nao tiver amigos o suficiente como eu.
I love this game
this game is so fun and scary.If u want to scary your friends to death
this game is for it
LOVE THE GAME
muy bueno el juego y da bastante tension los monstruos en este, vale muchisimo la pena por la plata q cuesta RECOMENDADO!
Maximum irresponsible friend group chaos in the best way
I cant breathe
top
Omg so good like yass queen so hot
-{ Graphics }-
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
-{ Gameplay }-
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
-{ Audio }-
☐ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
-{ Audience }-
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma
-{ PC Requirements }-
☐ Check if you can run paint
☑ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
-{ Game Size }-
☐ Floppy Disk
☑ Old Fashioned
☐ Workable
☐ Big
☐ Will eat 10% of your 1TB hard drive
☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it
☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data
-{ Difficulty }-
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
-{ Grind }-
☑ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
-{ Story }-
☑ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
-{ Game Time }-
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ To infinity and beyond
-{ Price }-
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
-{ Bugs }-
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
-{ ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☑ 8
☐ 9
☐ 10
sigma fr
-entro na partida com meus amigos
-eu zaralho
-todo mundo morre por minha culpa
cara esse jogo muito bom, lethal company e Content Warning tiveram um filho e teve essa recomendo.
this shit fire
Goofiest shit I've ever played. YES
Super catchy
Fun game with firiends :D
This game is the perfect mix of spooky horror and hilarious fun! It has a single player mode, which is nice to have when your'e flying solo, but multiplayer is where you will get the best play experience!
There are a couple things I would do to improve this game though, and one of those has to deal with the enemies. Some of the enemies don't make a single sound when they're close to you (unless you interact with them or they see you) and that can be really frustrating when you are collecting items and get killed out of no where. Even if it's just a little pitter patter it would be nice to have a SLIGHT warning that something is near.
Also, like with most games, there are a few bugs we have encountered, such as a statue falling over during extraction, not getting destroyed, and then constantly bouncing and spinning all over the room unless you grabbed it. Upon setting it in another room and leaving, the statue began glitching again and eventually broke.
All in all this game is a MUST for anyone looking for some scary fun with friends! It's a little repetitive since the game is still new and only has 3 maps, but the devs are super optimistic about updates and I can't recommend this game enough!
flankadao do mal
got to shoot my friend, very thereputic
good
ts game so sigma
Fun to play with friends. The more, the better.
This game is like Lethal Company and Content Warning, and I LOVE IT. Be delecate with your items.
its fun, very cool!
99999-/10 no smiley emoji
Really fun game, I just hope they change the banner and logo because it's so unnerving and has nothing to do with the game
fenasal
it good
its like lethal company but actually add stuff to the game and are actuall;y involved in the community which makes it more sigma
Great\
PLAYING WITH THE BOYS! Highly recommend
es un juego ingreible para jugar con amigos pero si no no tienes amigos no bale la pena
j'ai rarement autant pleurer de rire sur un jeu, il est fun jouer avec des amis. Cela pourrait comme lethal company mais ce jeu quelque chose en plus qui le rend attachant.
Game of the year
fun
lingan guli guli guanchan lingangu lingagu
Enemy Ai is coded to camp the extraction points, sat there for 10min and it just paths the same two paths till it finally kills you.
<3
funny as fuck
scary head man bit me on my booty
Awesome game to play with friends
Great Co-Op game.
Fun with friends.
Basically a moving out simulator with a touch of horror.
And I must not forget to mention it has the best roboticized text-to-speech feature I've ever seen in a game.
Gud.
This is an AMAZING game. Its like lethal company but not as scary. well im kinda new so i dont have a lot of experience but still. Totally recomend
the marketing is bad, the game is very good. try it out and refund it before the two hours if you think it sucks.
Buen simulador de memes
1. Utiliser son comme bouclier humain.
2. Poursuivre le chasseur.
3. Lui crier dessus.
4. Regarder son se faire abattre.
La du bonheur
Steal Testicles, sell for quota
experiencia audiovisual, sobre todo audio y visual.
this game makes me have a yellow tear come down my thigh when i monster comes behind me but fire game tho its very good to play with your friends but you prlly have none
Play with your friends. Don't look anything up about the game and you will have the most fun.
mt bom
fun with friends
creepy
[h1] Sigma s3x lord linganguli boy monkey [/h1]
muy buen juego aunque me gustaria que hubiran salas publicas, es muuuy divertido cuando juegas con amigos
aunque si juegas solo puede ser algo repetitivo pero es muuuuy buen juego 100% recomendado
Eu tenho um R.E.P.O ,amigos para infernizar, um voicemod e um sonho. Dito isso GOTY
bom bom
This game is being investagated cause you make one noise, and you are dead.
10/10
really recommend fun game I get to play as a cute mouth person
Cosplaying as a JBL speaker is a must
yes
R.E.P.O. is an online co-op horror game featuring physics, proximity voice chat and scary monsters. You and up to 5 friends can venture into terrifying environments to extract valuable objects using your physics-based grabbing tool.
I like big ass and black cocks
scary head, cute duck and a toddler that you can abuse. best game ever
Very gourd game, especially with fren(s). 11/10
Definitely worth the money and a LOT of fun to play with friends. It is a close second favorite to Lethal Company, so you will enjoy it if you love that game.
fun!
Hilarious and scary! Incredible game with friends
good
Absolutely hilarious. Think Lethal Company, except it's ALWAYS fun
I watched my friend explode in front of me and another get eaten by a duck. $10 bucks for this game is amazing 10/10
fun with friends. fun to beat up the monsters
un juegaso que promete y cumple, lo re recomiendo mas aun si jugas con amigos que es un cago de risa
goods
Good game
Good game.
Good.
This game is well worth the 10 bucks.
It is dumb fun to have with a group of friends.
At time of writing, there is no matchmaking, So if you don't have friends that play the game, you will have to play singleplayer or join the Discord. I recommend the Discord over SP.
The community has been super welcoming and fun to play with. The Devs are giving regular updates on the future content they are bringing.
All in all, a great pick. Get the game!
so me falta amigos dispostos a comprar o jogo, ele bom e o aceitavel, para quem tem 2 ou mais amigos dispostos a comprar uma otima pedida, o jogo pode ser jogado mas meio solitario, jogar com apenas 2 pode ser divertido, mas a maxima com uma galera pra jogar.
i like applesa nd banansas
Lethal company walked so this game could run, better in almost every aspect
Good game, would recommend
good
Scooby-Doo Vibes
very very nice wish you didnt run out of items if you are clumsy
Funny asf. 10/10 game
Its was funny
peak funny if u have friends
its a very fun expierence with your freind and you could even make new ones
Best game ever, buy it for sure
yap yap yap yap yapping.
poop
Amazing game, always funny. Endless Fun
i got m0Iested by babies who picked me up and threw me across the room into a floating skull, I now have severe trauma. Highly recommend.
Juego divertido para jugar con amigos, combina a la ese nicho de juego de terror gracioso. Similar a Lethal Company pero fundamentalmente diferente como para ser su propio producto
very funny
ive only played this game for 14 hours but it is fun as hell including with friends
VERY VERY FUN GAME
good game :)
goofy silly, more friends you get the funnier the game plays)
nice
JUEGOOODDD
Yes
funny innit
Symulator popierdzielania po
bardzo crazy polecam
Cool.
very very good like one pound fish
Fun with a few jump scares. Highly recommend.
gayet toplu oynanabilecek bir oyun
PEAK!
its funny and thats all i gotta say.
This game is so hilarious!
this game is so awesome sauce
i love this game
navin kumar manapali is so cute btw this game is fire
This game is a lot of fun!
flint and steel
si super recomendado
lot of fun
Desinstalen a katniss
It fun
the ghost carried me into the headman who then promptly ate my ass
This game is SOOOOOOO awesome, and horrifying. but besides that it is such a derpy game to play through. oh man i sure do recommend this game. Especially for people wanting to play something funny, and horror. and to play with some buddies.
Good shit
DAVA JONAS EL MAGO!
Hilarious
Jogo pika pode jogar sem "medo"
its did'nt have muitiplayer/public loby
Lethal Company en mieux
Do you wanna poop yourself and watch your friends die like blundering buffoons? If so you'll love this game!
la stamina et la vie qui se regen pas.
Nice!
this game is so funny
Fun!
yes
lethal company, but good
it is super fun to play with friends
really fun game
its a really good game for such little money
Very good game I die to my friends more than the monsters themselves
10/10
good
La curva de aprendizaje toma algo de tiempo, los mobs campean demasiado, pero fuera de eso las dinamicas y la calidad del gameplay es muy divertida, sobre todo con amigos.
jogo divertido com os amigos e um verdadeiro jogo de terror jogado solo muito bom nada a reclamar a ser um cego que me matou quando eu estava para bater minha setima meta mais isso o jogo se joga bem seis metas e se voce prestar vc pode morrer quebrando um vaso na do cego e morrer com um tiro na
ts peak
ME CAGO EN EL CIEGO DE LOS COJONES (buen juego)
GOAT
fun
this game is funny and fun but if your trying to have a good time get like 3 to 5 people trust me its so fun
vary funy
EPIK. bean bobot
hell yea
my wife divorced me
Zajebista Gierka
bla bla bla ble ble ble blu blu blu
meh
Repossessing Nissan Altimas
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Got possesed, broke a 20K item and got shot.
10/10 game
GOOD
This game is hilaroius. As someone who is a huge chickensh*t who can barely play any scary games this is a perfect mix. The goofyness of the robots, the interactiveness of the levels and cretures make this a perfect blend of thrilling and fun. Especially while playing with friends!
Can't wait to see what develops in the future!
The best game ever played
BOM
Jeu de con, c'est juste lethal avec des suppositoires multi-color en skin mais avec un tir actif
JOGUEM PPRT MT BOM
good
Bro why are you crouching and being silent, There's no threa- OH SHIT AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Its fun and all, but i can only play with friends, and most of the time, none of my friends are online. is that a bug or is it just like that?
Good
Estou gostando muito, lembra bastante lethal company mas com uma mais insana
this game makes me chortle excessively
looks fun but i dont have any friends
Recomendo pra quem tem amigo, SE SOLITARIO COMPRE.
gg
fun. just get it. play with friends tho
lallaalalallala
w
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Very family friendly, my kids love the authenticity, especially when the tax man calls for child support.
10/10
5+
goofy aah game
Good game
genuinly a blast with friends cant wait for more updates
si
pierdzielony dziad z co ma aim bota i zabija na 20 km. Polecam
Lethal company style but 1000 times better
i like game
Fun game, looking forward to what they add in the future. The branding is ugly as sin though, just use the repo robot head or something, why is it the laughing emoji but on drugs?
fun, but not very forgiving in singleplayer. needs a balancing update so i can actually make it past level 2 before getting instakilled. not really motivated to play it solo like i was with LC for that reason. good with friends tho. also, change the fucking emoji banner. it makes the game look like AI or asset-flip slop and prevented me from buying until i saw gameplay online.
great game and fun as hell to play with friends
KJKJJJ
Si, jugar repo es como venirse por primera vez, al principio no sabes que hacer pero despues te lo comes
this is such a cool game
me and my mate get so scared but its so cool
i like that i see my friend get shot
mid ah game boring ah if not w friends
addicted. That fucking bird that I hate is OP.
absolutely recommend, throwing your friend into a fire just to get your brains blown out.
big scary monstas and funny monstas and little devil babies that whoop you but game is fun so 10/10
super fun game, hilarious when you play with friends.
alright, this game.
lethal company.
lets add something new.
PHYSICS SIMULATION
TACKLING OF TEAMMATES
SOME WIERD GRAVITY PICKUP HAND
uhhhhhh
COOLER SHOP ITEMS
FLASH OUT
Now that's what I call music!
This is fun to play with friends but if u dont have friends ur an L
You go into places. Steal stuff. Die trying to steal stuff. Revive friends with the stolen stuff. You fight for the biggest loser. Yeah this game is a 10/10
The text to speech is amazing and I wish all games had it.
Its really funny and great with friends
love it
10/10 purer Lachkick!
Sehr cooles game auf jeden fall im Multiplayer
10/10
entre amis et prenant a deux. de voir les prochaines MAJ
shut up the emoji mascot is cool
I love this game I play with my friends and it's so funny every time worth the 10$
es bueno
peak gaming
Best multiplayer from 2025
This is the best co-op horror game in a while. I was afraid going into it that it would be too similar to Lethal Company but it's surprisingly not. I've been calling it a better Lethal Company.
The main difference is that the game is a bit more balanced than LC. You can buy sprint, speed, strength and other upgrades in the shop, which makes your skill level scale with the level difficulty. You can also revive players by bringing them to the selling point in the level, so you're not waiting a full round to be revived.
You also have access to a map which marks loot, other players and your cart. It will also show you a path on how to get to the extraction sites and back to the truck. I like this difference from LC because it means that you aren't going to have a truck person, which can be boring.
You can also hide from enemies, but not all of them. Each of them have their own nice mechanics, though some are way tougher than others. You also can get hit a few times before dying, which gives you a chance at running away.
Another good mechanic is the fact that if you go fast enough, not all enemies will be spawned before the final extraction. They'll immediately spawn after the final extraction, but it's nice to loot without having to hide every two seconds. I also really like the teleporting mechanic the enemies can do. If they're blocking your way, you can just go a few rooms away and they have a chance to teleport somewhere else.
The only complaint that I have is that the enemies after the final extraction are forced to pathfind to the truck or to a room a player is in. It's very easy for a few people to be on the truck and be bombarded with various enemies while waiting for that one person to make it back. The bombard of enemies also prevents people from being able to make it back so timed well enough, you can be sitting there for a while just waiting for a clearing in the enemies. That's the one thing LC does right compared to this game, you an at least close the doors to the ship to prevent monsters from coming inside. They also won't pathfind on to the ship unless provoked (so like the eyeless dog hearing you).
yes
Es buenisimo, me he reido como nunca jajajaja
You will die because your friend's mic will absolutely pick up his dog squeaking a toy three rooms over at exactly the wrong moment. And it'll be hilarious.
Also I actually really like the emoji mascot. It's suitably terrifying.
I love beating the baby
Chaotic and great fun with good friends.
Love it lot's
chido
ta bueno e
muito foda mano
everything about this game is genius and hilarious.
Head master is built like riley
super fucking fun and so enjoyable with friends
good
Robo Slurs
VERY FUN GAME
aqxcfdccfvdx
Feelings? Look mate, ya know what has a lotta feelings? Robots that bludgeon their friends to death with a gold trophy.
If your playing alone to bad
Hella le sang
The game doesn't have very much variety in terms of level design or enemies or items, but don't let that fool you. Everything that is in the game right now feels unique and has a purpose. The graphics in this game are crunchy but wonderful, the aesthetic is gritty and I think it looks great. The monster designs are very nice, they're easy to identify from one another. The Clown's design is my favorite, they were one of the first monsters that really made me tense and I was able to get a very close look at him.
Most or all of the monsters have different abilities and weaknesses, although in just playing the game I haven't quite figured out what they all can do or what all their triggers are. But it is fun and feels rewarding to learn how to get around or even kill a monster.
The core gameplay loop is very fun and addicting, especially with a group of friends. It is always exciting to find an expensive item and then try to get it to an extraction point. It can be funny to accidentally smash diamonds to bits, but it is frustrating when the physics seem to bug a little and something will explode or take heavy damage for seemingly no reason.
At the moment of writing, there are only a few level type varieties. They are all unique and have their own room layouts. They do get repetitive, but the difficulty in this game ramps up a lot between levels and new types of rooms will start generating, like ones with pits or ones that are just inconvenient to navigate. Personally I enjoy that there is no time limit on levels, but I also think it would add more urgency if say, another monster would spawn depending on how long you've been on the level.
Making a mad dash to the truck is always fun and chaotic. I enjoy picking up little items and putting them into my pocket cart. It feels like I'm running around at the grocery store trying to avoid the other customers and store employees and solicitors so I can just get my necessities and not interact with anyone, but in the best way possible. Retrieving a friend's head so that they can be revived can be very fun and tense, and I love that you can revive your friends during a level.
I think this game is very fun, if you're into this sort of horror/loot hoarding/chaotic multiplayer game. Watch some others play it and see if it is something you'd be into.
TL;DR:
Fun! I recommend REPO. Gather a few friends and enjoy.
- core gameplay loop is fun
- graphics are gritty and good
- the monsters, level themes, items, etc, that are in the game currently are unique and interesting
- very fun and chaotic with friends, a lot of potential to master and the game if you're into that
- usually feels like death happens when a mistake is made, not luck based
- level progression actually feels challenging
super fun game to play with friends, good luck finding a good group outside of your friends though. Most ppl are little kids beings racist idiots messing around and cheating taking away all of the fun making it borderline unplayable
Its really fun with friends
cool
This game is awesome!
I've been dying to play a good game for a long time now and R.E.P.O just hits the spot, whenever I can play, I do, and it's always fun for me at least! Even if you don't have many friends to play with, single player is still pretty entertaining as well as eerie! Whilst there are somethings that could be added like built in host settings to make the game easier for beginning players like upgrade share, severity of item damage per hit and damage from enemies or teammates (which i'm not personally bothered by), the devs at semiwork are doing great! 10/10!
Great job!
amazing game
goty 2
Game is really fun. Have been enjoying it since the 9th of March, It's really fun with friends and solo. Speaking from the perspective of a mostly solo player, I do think the respawn timers on some enemies needs to be tweaked as they respawn way too often and also RNG can be a pretty cruel to you here and there if you get unlucky. Personal worst RNG 12 gnomes, 8 bangers and Robe. Still a great game tho 8/10.
iyi oyun
-Does not need public match making
-keep it with friends
-make friends
A horror comedy game that is very fun with friends
for a concept that is repetitive in nature I have fun basically every time I play
this game is the game of the year
Game is really fun, very silly!
can have a bunch of laughs with a friend just by playing this!
its good
very fun
bon jeu plusieurs
worth it
i. am flint and steel
perfection
This game is super fun to play with friends and i very much recommend it to play the fact its still in beta should be enough to let you know the game will get better.
Un jeu d'extraction excellent. ce que l'on peux croire, il n'a rien voir avec lethal company.
La DA est bonne et le design louffoque des robots est rigolo voir en jeu.
juegazo
Mega gierka :D
peak friendslop
just all round good fun
Divertido cuando se deja jugar, cosa que no pasa por que de manera aleatoria me expulsa por el error "Cause:ClientTimeout".
Tengo buen internet de fibra, asi que eso no es.
Reinicie pc, actualice drivers de nvidia, reinstale el juego, mire todo lo "mirable" en internet y aun me expulsa cuando le da la real gana, ya sea con monstruos, debajo de una cama, en la tienda.
Lo que lo hace injugable, ya que hasta que salen al "main menu" no puedo reincorporarme, y me pierdo la partida entera del resto de gente de mientras.
Hasta hace poco me habia pasado alguna rara vez, pero es que ahora me pasa en absolutamente TODAS las partidas.
Mientras no arreglen ese error, no merece la pena comprarlo.
super fun, high horror factor and awesome to play with friends!
This games amazing.
My friends run me over with the cart and throw me into the monsters.
Dont touch the duck. DO NOT TOUCH THE DUCK.
Bom demais, muito e divertido.
Noch nie so viel in einen Game so sehr gelacht wenn man es schon zu zweit einfach zockt 10von10 mich <3
GOOD GAME AND TO FUN.
INSANELY FUNNY TO PLAY WITH FRIENDS, MOST FUN I'VE HAD IN A LONG TIME
Funny robots.
Scary Monster.
Money.
This is perfection.
MORE LEVELS - QUICK
Instructions unclear, I've broken every item i see
Muito divertido fica muito mais com amigos de verdade :3
si
faltando online, se esse jogo tiver online eu falo que o melhor jogo ta steam
a game for people with severe mental issues
Nemoj vristat i bit ce sve ok
10/10
molto bello, aspetto con ansia il sesso update
I LOVE REPO!
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
10/10
Very fun and always makes fun with friends in low moments of life by scaring you shitless but always fun
storybots the game
UMMMMM mid ig
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH MY FUCKING DIAMOND FUCKING BROKE BECAUSE OF THE STUPID FUCKING BABY THIS IS WHY ALL KIDS SHOULD DIE
fun game
great game
lots of laughs, 10/10
yes
Comedy horror game that is good for many laughs
muasdasdas
KEKW
ELE
its fun with friends
Worst experience I've had with a game in years. Immediately had an issue with the controls to run/crouch repeatedly toggling on and sticking, which obviously made it impossible to play. I spent an hour troubleshooting to ensure it wasn't my computer but I've not had this problem with any other game/program/etc. I suppose it's because it's so new that there's no support available but I do think that's something potential buyers should be aware of.
Fuck the Duck.
great chaos
melhor jogo multiplayer q eu ja joguei na vida, se eu pudesse eu compraria de novo
nota dei
good game and you can type anything in tts and i mean anything but the ghghghghghg or kkkkkkkk sounds like the ultrakill door noise but you have to put a word at the start of it to make it work sadly
Bom, muito bom, bom demais.
Perfeito, e bobo. E desesperador algumas vezes. Se tiver amigos, compre. Garanto pelo menos uma semana de pra
great game, not for shitters, pro gaymer only
esta god
i fuckin love this game to pieces thank u devs for being so amazing
My Friends and I played for 6 hrs the first day we bought it. needless to say, I RECOMMEND!
GOATED
This game very fun with others even though it is in beta, but good for a beta game.
Very fun! Often streaming and recording for funny clips. Would absolutely recommend
ta wapo
Is very fun, had a glitch that made me respawn at the car when I died without the help of friends, was very funny to me
probs happened coz one person left mid-game, if I'd have to guess
TRY IT :D
jea
dis game is awsome
sigma
Juegazo :v
W game
me put friend in toilet
do NOT pet the duck
one of the most fun hectic games you can play with your friends
muito mas muito arriado!
Dude this game with friends is so much fun especially if your friends are as fun and stupid and out there as mine. Love my friends. So worth the 10 for great friends group play.
so much fun being thrown around by my friend into vairous monsters and almost jumping out of my chair. it really gets the heart going. also is a lot of fun to play in general
This game will make you wheeze until you ugly cry. Highly recommend!
GOOD FUN AND LOTS OF LAUGHS. NOT AS SCARY AS I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE THOUGH. WHIMSICAL AND FUN.
game of the year!
Peak gameplay game is more polished than lethal and has an active dev team
trshufegeay8fgdy8 qfuhqhyry5
komornik puka
baba game
online multiplayer now
good game i would recommend
fun game
10/10
Amazing game and amazing devs
very fun game funny with more then 2 people
best game of 2025.
de jogo
This feels like Lethal Company 2. It's got a lot of the same mechanics and a lot of the same dumb ideas but player up to 1000. I will say that awful Emoji Mascot is not doing the game any favours and should be replaced. However the messages from "The Taxman" being entirely in emoji's is a good laugh. Solid 9/10
funi
maldito
Funny and fun game so why not
Great Game but upgrade that icon!
good but not bad
Super Game 12/10
Lohnt maximal mit Gruppe
10/10 I deadass played a round and used the text to speech for a therapy session
esse jogo muito bom, cara quem tem o soundpad instalado melhor ainda, pq ao de ser terror, ele literalmente vira um jogo de comedia de que jogar com os amigos que tenha o programa, parece que esse jogo foi feito pra ter esse programa kkkkkk
really fun with friends
Cuidado com o pato
10\10
headman traumatized me
Great game. I think this really mastered the formula for this genre, and the physics simulation and stealth mechanics really enhance the experience.
funny
10 10
good
extremely fun. go buy it now!
this game is too fun
mt top
R.E.P.O is classed as a horror game. But really, it's a game of good fun and trolling with friends. Scream to your heart's content to get everyone killed then kill them again in the loser room. Good laughs all around.
Behind You!
Wha-
Explodes into a million pieces
Lethal 2.0
oyun baya iyi ama oynicak olsa
haven't laughed so hard in a game for a while
The Palantir.
muito bom
Super fun co-op game to play with friends! Cannot wait for updates
ugh.i really like the concept of this game. its a more streamlined 'Lethal Company' except it doesn't take itself so seriously. but man I'm just trying to learn the game and I don't have a lot of time to dedicate to it. Could y'all PLEASE limit the monster spawns to like, ONE at a TIME? For at least the first two or three levels in -singleplayer-? other than that I am enjoying it, just seems a little -too- RNG sometimes.
its incredible its so funny
Esta muy piola eso si a partir de 3 amigos, taria bueno q mtean servers
This game is wonderful, I saw all my friends get slaughtered, and I am now afraid of life threatening situations considering died first every time my friends are alive
Meilleur jeu solo
bombarillo crocodillo
Imagina poder jugar mas de 5 minutos.
Buen simulador de diversion haciendo referendia al coito con disfuncion erectil
jogo muito bom pra jogar com amigo misturado com suspense e risasadas muito e um pouco de raiva as vezes mais muito bom uns do melhore jogo que eu joguei
fajna straszna chce aktualizacje!
juego rompe amistades no tengo amigos RECOMENDADO 100%
funny
jogo muito bom e divertido
19 2 3
un banger absolu, pour le coup le jeu est incroyablement drole, belle de monstre objet et map.
Un lethal company en mieux
joined a game
got harassed by a toddler that threw a clock at me
died
10/10
watched my friend get shot and fucking explode trying to use the cart as a shield
Buenisimo
e un juego ballakisimo
fun game
Outstanding game crippled by a logo that suggests this is yet another low quality indie horror slop game, when that couldn't be further from the truth.
The emoji NEEDS to go!
its a blast
dauriamovil
esta bueno
Funny game
Simple et efficace plusieurs Seul c'est et moins fun :)
10 10
Brutal, lo mejor que he jugado desde el helldivers 2
ITS A BUITIFUL GAME
I Love This Game 10/10
love it good wt friends
MY GOD THIS GAME IS AMAZING. I usually don't like multiplayer games, (Because I play a lot of story driven games,) BUT THIS has me hooked. The characters talking are comically funny, the blind grandpa dude trying to search for you and your friend, everything is good. The duck is the only reason why I ragequit.
god i love this game. thank you, semiwork!
An absolute gem of a game. Glad I could grab it while it's still popular, me and my friends are having the best time playing this together!
recommend.
So silly and fun, with a hint of spooky.
Would love to see his accessible on mac as well for my friends!
good
spooky
agapo
juego malo no te incluye amigos para jugar
I laugh monster scream I scream friend die. good memeories
its good
diese gut
i died got revived just to doe from the same things less than a minute apart 10/10
Lethal Company-esque with a lot more polish. I expect really good things in the future for this. Lots of fun with friends. If you like Lethal Company, or any game like lethal company, then you will love this game.
MUY BUEN JUEGO PARA MEARSE ENCIMA Y ENOJARSE ALA VEZ
10%10
XD
Un juego muy divertido solo jugue 5 horas pero de 5 pasaran a 50 seguro un juego muy divertido con amigos encima si pierdes con amigos teneis que enfrentaros por quien es el mejor perdedor simplemente cine
10/10
Peak autismus
Scary south park canadian game
i got the glock
This game is absolutely addicting and hilariously fun!
so funnnn get it
Map peu du multi, une prise en main facile.
De quoi bien rigoler ou parfois stresser.
Rien redire, un must have pour des entre potes
gra nie lubie slepego dziada z strzelba i czuba z laserem a koledzy mnie wyzywaja za naduzywanie soundbara ale poza tym solidne 9/10
Theres too many Reasons why this Game is Great to write down.
I got sniped by hitler who was camping me behind the door like i am a jew or smth. 10/10
Funny
10 10
Only One thing:
Best game ti play whit your Friends
This the most dope game ever
THIS GAME IS SO MUCH FUN
THIS GAME IS 10 DOLLARS BUT IS WORTH 30
fun game
i like the hiding mechanic, and the monsters being able to hear stuff, its really fun
worth buying if your playing with friends
Modding scene is also pretty good, I recommend Team Upgrades and the Shrinker Cart mod
good for ngabuburit with friends
magnifico
ik zoek nederlandse en eventueel engels sprekende mensen die deze game samen willen spelen
BOM DEMAIS PORRA!
arrullar monstruos si fueran hasta matarlos XD
better lethal company ong
Betrayal has never been this fun
10/10
fun to play with friends or solo
uiuiuiuiuiuui
un cago de risa
a
El juego es lo recomiendo un porque te echas unas risas, sustos y pasas muy buen rato con los amigos
Bueno para pasar el rato
repo
estaba tranquilo haciendo mi trabajo cuando derrepente me vino el viejo culiao feo ciego pendejo y me mato por la espalda
10/10 juegazo
Lo que nadie te dice es que tienes que tener amigos para jugar online :V
le jeu est tres drole mais par contre c'est tres enervant de crash a chaque fois
IKL,GBHJMNUV
The gameplay mechanic where you can lift friends alone gives this game such value. You can dangle your friends over holes and throw them at each other. Also, it's just fun to gang up on monsters and kick the ever loving life out of them. 10/10, would recommend if you like screwing around with friends.
*
throw yourself into the enemies
ts pmo fr ngl icl
Le contenu est incroyable mais solo c'est triste
JBL
who wanat to play
es muy entretenido y aunque no esta traducido al esta muy bueno, es la mezcla perfecta de tension y diversio n jaja
-Saludos la abuela
Opa, esta piola esta cosa
w game
esta bueno
spk
its a solid, cheap experience that's good to play with friends, what else do i have to say Well except I've got nobody to play with.
Einfach funny, ist aber auch in meinen Augen eher was mit freunden spielen als Singleplayer.
Macht halt aber auch sehr und bringt viele verzweifelte momente mit sich
Good
Excellente beta je recommande
Mixed Opinion but after being able to mod to my liking got a better review!
1000000 10
Super fun and funny game
10/10
Sin duda de los mejores para jugar con amigos
This is overall a fun game. Definitely worth the money, I hope to see more levels in the future with different types of monsters.
10/10
Best fun i had in a while 10/10
6
this game is really fun to play
kaybetmek en ve kaybetmek
Absolute PEAK, its funny, pretty cheap, and also very funny, approved!
fuck yes
10/10 assolutamente consigliato per passare una serata di puro divertimento con i boys
Lots of fun when you get really far and then your friend decides to lead the ghost man towards you. 10/10
I have no life anymore
Cute lookin robots :3
GOD
Screaming and being traumatised, bc ur frien died is pretty funny.
"SHoTgUn GUy! BAM!" finds head, 11/10 game
Fun game, chaos. Help me.
.el cazador mato a david
FUNNY
funny
jkbv
I've only played a few short hours of this game with my brothers. but it's already one of my favorite co-op PC games. Genuinely a great experience for a friend group, and endlessly fun.
bello di Lethal Company e gli sviluppatori sembrano tenerci al gioco
better version of lethal company in every way. The money actually does something useful unlike lethal, the characters talk funny like muppets, and the monsters are far more scarier than lethal, this game is 100% worth the 10 bucks and i advise you to play this with your friends.
ryhdfghnnb
gud
Great game. Proximity chat leaves you with anxiety when friends don't answer, which is the horror aspect. I wish for some sort of experience system and rewards so you don't start from absolutely nothing every time, so you have a sense of progression instead of just how far you can get. This obviously would lead to balancing issues.
Addictive, fun, frustrating, makes you go insane and choose violence against the monsters, hate the head, bully the monsters, call after them, go more nuts, hate the duck even though you love ducks, sing mission impossible tune while everyone else is dead and you've been tryna rev them for about 20 minutes cause the monsters are ganging up on you and yet you somehow like this game? Yeah. I kinda like this game.
lolll
blablabla blebleble blublublu
sehr gutes spiel kann ich nur weiter empfehlen
this game is absolutely amazing with the people im close with. not only is it funny because of how the characters mouth moves when you talk, but its wonderful for how the graphics, movement, enemies and the valuable are as well. it's even fun to play solo but a tag bit more scary (in my opinion). amazing and wonderful overall; definitely recommend!
This is one of the best games I play. My brother and I usually don't play the same games but me and him are able to play this game for a few hours at a time and still have fun. I cant wait to see what more this game has to offer with future updates!
this game educated me to always support & educate ur child/toddler. thx rugrats for destroying my stuff :)
Great game. Very fun with friends. Similar to Lethal Company and it is a bit different.
Gameplay-
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Nothing special
☐ Okay
☐ Bad
Graphics-
☐ Masterpiece
☐ Beautiful
☑ Good
☐ Will do
☐ Bad
☐ Awful
Audio
☐ Amazing
Very Good
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
Audience
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Everyone
Story- know yet)
☐ Lovely
☐ Good
☐ Average
☐ Not great
☐ None
Difficult-
☐ Just press a bunch of buttons
☐ Easy
Significant brain usage
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Not so easy
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
Grind-
☐ Nothing
☐ Only if you care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isnt necessary to progress
☐ A bit grindy sometimes
Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ Insanity
Game Time-
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ Depends on you
Endless
Price
☑ Just buy it
☐ Worth the price
☐ Wait for sale
☐ Maybe if you have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
Best with friends
One of the best party games released in a long time.
el juego es una bomba
geill
Good game. Fun with friends. Highly recommend
Very fun and funny. I don't feel like adding more to the review
1 165
a buncha freak of monsters for me
My friends and I bought this on whim because it sounded fun and we were not disappointed! Not only did we get our money's worth, but an entire night full of laughter and the occasional screech! I'd pay more for this game if I ever had to re-buy it.
10/10 Higly Recommend
Super fun to play with friends! Can be a little irritating sometimes trying to figure out how to avoid the monsters, but that's most of the fun. Biggest complaint is dying early on and getting stuck watching the round for twenty minutes. Other than that, lots of fun!
this game is god tear but I hate it when you make a sound near the blind man.
10/10
esta de puta madre lo recomiendo y si poneis mods mejor
dick pussy ass
game gud, many much fun
Un juego donde robas cosas de casas ajenas y las vendes. like
Very fun. Reminds me of Lethal Company in some ways, but much better. A lot of elements that lends itself to you or your friends doing cheeky and unexpected stuff. I haven't laughed this hard while playing a video game in a very long time.
divertido cuando lo juegas con tus amigos, lo recomiendo mucho!, pasas una tarde muy divertida.
mega
sSI LOS AMIGOS LO TIENEN 10/10 PERO SI JUEGAS SOLO ES UNA SHE
its fun and i love it however i dont like the hidden
Best with people, playable alone too. 10/10
mto bom
This game is really fun! I recommend playing with friends because it is so funny. Thank you devs for making this game. (game of the YEAR!)
ein tolles spiel weil meine Freunde endlich mal ihr maul halten
Good experience
god
F*ck you and your strange Storybot robots.
ta chevere :v
:D
w game
gud
filthy
Gioco INCREDIBILE
This game will show you how unreliable your friends are in a really funny way. Or you might be the one that dies all the time, you'll figure it out. This game is amazing and I love it. 10/10 I would say game of the year.
Fire
sim
Awesome game I love playing it with friends
good
\
funy game lots of sexy in this game
10/10 pure exquisite chaos & challenging levels. team behind the game seems lovely.
little funny guys talking
gud gam
most entertaining of this genre to date. Hope that add more everything though. hope they don't just shrug and leave it to the modders. Thumbs up for now.'specially if you have some friends to dink around with.
I play this with my friends and I try my hardest to not break anything and then this sped man ghostypukk dives bombs into every item, great game :)!
Fantastic and humorous game I'd recommend everyone to play plus funny content
Ce jeux est fait pour fun il est co op est bien je vous le conseille si vous avez pas d amis chercher des serveur discord pour jouer avec des gens et non en solo
Fun as hell
top experience!
gut
Nah, Id Wi-
*dies to Robe*
Super fun with friends
really fun game
bon jeu, simple et efficace, surtout a plusieurs le jeu devient et en solo complexe par moment. A voir maintenant si a l'avenir il y'aura plus de Map, d'item, et de monstre ;)
$500.
-
this is a good game but you should add public lobbeys.
This game is pretty cool, it reminds me of lethal company and Content warning but just better. If you have friends to play this with I would recommend is because its super affordable and it has pretty much endless replay ability. I've never had the same thing happen twice in a run!
Easy game not gonna lie but never getting boring for me :D
Very amazing game! Would work really well in VR
El juego es divertido y muy rejugable. Me encanta.
nais
no
I like watching my buddy Rupe get mauled by the monsters
* *
lo adoro.
einfach nur funny^
Sau cool
fun, but could use a simple invert y axis toggle in the controls.
Its alright, I have fun with it. Lot's of bugs, but that's expected for a early access game. Not a big fan of the cruddy emoji mascot, feels very brainrot esc. Its lethal company but less scary, with good physics.
TOP
belch
I can throw my friends at monsters
es muy divertido jugar con amigos
im scared
Consulta, estamos en la ronda 23, pero desde la ronda 20, no aparecen vidas ni mejoras nuevas, es porque tiene un limite? o se bugeo?
Question, we're on round 23, but since round 20, no new lives or upgrades have appeared. Is this because there's a limit? Or is it bugged?
23 20
I found this game very scary 99/10 im lonely tho :(
a
Muito divertido!
esta bien chingon con amigos
Gran juego para jugar con amigos
foda
<3
R.E.P.O.
Muy buen juego para echar unas risas con amigos
Su perra madre!, me matan por respirar pero las risas no faltan
10/10
An absolutely amazing game. It's as funny and entertaining as Lethal Company, but adds so much to that silly experience. To top it off the game is actually very fun to play Solo as well. It almost operates as a RogueLike looter game.
The The frogs and duck require euthanasia but the rest of the game is fun with friends :)
ya tengo los huevos llenos de juegos de terror con graficos de ps2 que no dan miedo y se juegan con amigos
very funny
It's good and fun and scary
This game makes me yell at my friends.
Aside from that, it's got a crazy level of polish to it, and apparently more things are being added as is. The game is charming, and has a way of making it so that mistakes and failures tend to just be a different kind of fun.
Fajnie umiera
watched my friend get her ass ate by a giant skull, 10/10 would recommend
AMAZING GAME SUUPER FUNNY DEFINENTLY WOULD RECOMMEND
fome
its very fun to play with friends
Funny tts chat system, and absolutely 'no' schizophrenia. One problem, a lot of monsters, like sometimes it's completely unbalanced to the point where I can't move across without being given cardiac arrest. 10/10, heard gay sex in tts too much
yes
DLC
top
Friendslop
3
(:
Sounpad + R.E.P.O =
Es entretenido
este juego es hermoso
Good game
ts (this shit) good af
zajebista gra
good game
so fun
.,-~*~,
./:.:.:.:.:.|
.|;.;.;.;.;./
.|.;.;.;.;.|
._,_.).;.;.;.;.|
.,-":.:.:.:."~-,;.;.;.|
.(_,-,_:.:.);.;.;.",
.,-":.:.:.:.:."-,/;.;.;.;.;.",
.(:._,_);.;.;.;.;.;|
.\",_,_/;/\
.\.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.);/:\
.\,-~;,":\
."~-,-":\
Dies by falling off a pit
Gets brought back
Gets smacked by money
Explodes
10/10 would explode again
very funny game
divertissant
sucks ass
10 10
<3
W
1
linganguliguliguli wacha lingangu lingangu
goofy ahh game very fun with your partner and probably homies, my homies broke so no opinion about it but i can already tell that they would call the monsters n words, W game
Me Me have no friends
Com SoudPad tudo mais feliz
i like when i make an owful sound
friend bought for me, very fun, YIPPEE
the fella with the gun shooted me
bellissimo e divertente
q
Yes, the icon sucks. Yes, this game is spiritually identical to Lethal Company. No, it is not a rip-off of Lethal Company.
There are many things this game does very differently from others of a similar nature, not least of which is the addition and creative use of a physics-based system to carry objects of value around, as well as keeping their relative value intact.
Monster play around the players in a unique way I haven't seen before, not least of which is giving the players the ability to actually fight back, and be rewarded for it.
The game is also generally more fun, whether you're playing solo or with friends. There is a lot more opportunity for silliness and genuine fun that other games tend to focus less on, but this one doesn't have that issue.
def touch the duck
fun game
cheap and fun with a group, but not solo. I look forward to watching this game mutate into something that destroy the minds of my friends.
Podes putearte con gente del interior 10/10
super cool funny game
10 10
Ablsolutely one of the best games i have spent 10 euro on and its so fun to play with friends
ist lusitg aber braucht mehr verbesserungen
bok amk gib umut
10/10
S.E.N.S.A.T.I.O.N.A.L
I like to make the tax man very happy and then not pay my taxes
its a great game
Yeah
good
100 10
juegasoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
todo el tiempo que juego con mis amigos nos cagamos de risa de algo nuevo
100000000% recomendado
10 10.
fun as f*k and devs post updates via youtube which is a great sign
juegazo
trop marrant Ajouter des mod sera encore mieux
awesome
this game is five happy faces out of two shot guns. c:
sigma ligma
e
good
good game
lethal company but better imo
JOGO BAO!
A constante e a necessidade de tornam a eletrizante e de gritaria, garantindo momentos de adrenalina e Se gosta de jogos de terror multiplayer com e trabalho em equipe, R.E.P.O. uma boa escolha.
OBS: Jogue com amigos pois ainda tem um browser de servers para jogar com
A cheap knockoff of Plants vs. Garden Warfare.
soundpad.
This game made me wonder why love potions don't exist in real life :) 9/10
bla bla bla ble ble ble blu blu blu
Bobas rzuca we mnie z gazem a z kradnie rzeczy. Wszystko zgadza polecam
nice game
fajen
asroligt.
Fun game. Want more than 6 players in a game though :D
Yes
13
12 10
i love this game more than lethal company but both are good. my new fav game.
PEAK GAME
Zajebista
gud
gaem gud
=p[;';-lp'=[]=op[;'
can't stop crying from laughing
best horror game i played this game definitley deserves game of the year
good horror game with friends. Proximity chat included
its really fun and scary at the same time i love it so much
Highly recommended game brilliant with friends or even with strangers
Super mega duper Affenemga geil. Miau rawr
me try get doll baby run get doll me look at baby me boom boom
better than lethal company
is a cooperative multiplayer horror game developed by Semiwork, released in early access on February 26, 2025. The game supports up to six players, who assume the roles of agents working for a demanding employer. Their mission involves exploring eerie, abandoned locations to collect valuable artifacts while avoiding various monstrous
A distinctive feature of R.E.P.O. is its physics-based interaction system. Players manipulate objects using a tool that levitates items, requiring careful handling to prevent damage or loss of value. Collisions with walls, monsters, or other players can negatively impact the items, adding a layer of strategy and humor to the gameplay.
The game offers a diverse array of monsters, each with unique behaviors and designs. This variety ensures that players remain engaged and challenged throughout their missions.
Since its release, R.E.P.O. has garnered positive reviews, with over 5,000 "overwhelmingly positive" ratings on Steam. Players appreciate its blend of horror and slapstick comedy, as well as its emphasis on teamwork and strategic planning
iyi oyun aq 3 rammus ultisi atar gibi aq dedenin soktuk
R.E.P.O IS A FUN GAME TO PLAY WITH FRIENDS, EVERYONE SHOULD PLAY IT SUCH FUN SUCH WOW
este es uno de los mejores coop que hay en toda la historia
funnest game ive played in awhile
Very fun, entertaining, and also funny with others. Would definitely recommend and is worth the $10.
Average Game be like:
- I cannot count
- My friends cannot count
- I cannot keep any vase intact
- Someone is singing in slow motion
-OH MY GOD WHAT THE HELL IS THAT
- Secret tunnel, Secret tunnel. Through the ceiling, secret secret secret secret tunnel~!
- NOOOOOOO DONT GO INTO THE BAY WITH THE CARTTTTT
- Ducks are not friend
better with 3 or more people, 2 people = ok 1 people = not fun 3 or more people = funzo's
Ich habe noch nie bzw seit langen so viel in einem Spiel gehabt. Ob der Aufwand weit zu kommen oder das trollen und der mit Freunden. Der ist vor allem zu betonen: dank des tollem designs und der Monster macht das Spiel so unfassbar viel mit Freunden. Definitiv weiter zu empfehlen!
Ooooo.
5
Un hombre va al y le dice:
Doctor, creo que mi esposa perdiendo la puedo hacer?
El doctor le responde:
Haga una prueba sencilla en casa. a cierta distancia de ella y hable en tono normal. Si no responde, un poco y repita. hasta que ella le conteste, y sabremos grave es el problema.
El hombre llega a casa y ve a su esposa cocinando. Se pone a unos cinco metros de ella y pregunta:
hay para cenar?
No hay respuesta.
Se acerca a tres metros:
hay para cenar?
Silencio.
Se pone justo de ella y repite:
hay para cenar?
La esposa, ya molesta, se gira y le dice:
tercera vez, pollo al horno!
*Moral de la historia:* El que tiene el problema de
Jogo sensacional e divertido mas realmente precisa de salas publicas quando nao se tem amigos para jogar
god
funny game.
He de decir, con el debido respeto y sin de exagerar, que este juego cuenta con unos jumpscares que verdaderamente a los novatillos e inexpertos del gaming, en un abismo de ansiedad visceral que no solo pone a prueba su destreza motriz, sino su resistencia
good fun and great jump scares
Fun with friends really scary alone
tres bon jeu fun merite plus de contenu
THE TAXMAN FROM TAXLAND SENT ME TO GET DIDDLED BY THE DIDDYMONSTERS
funny game haha
Masterpiece of game. Best with friends. I beg the developers to change the mascot and to make the sprint consume less energy, I swear I run out at the most needed times.
10/10 would kill my teammate again.
Lethal Company 2
Idc what you guys say I like repo
very fun
Un jeu faire avec des amis ou vous passerez des pleurer de rire
Vous pouvez foncer baisser
better than lethal company >;c
sperma
Really funny game with the right people, also text-to-speech is the best.
Good game
6 5 3
Unity :(
If you like Lethal Company, you'll like this way more lol.
The amount of lol's you get out of this game is worth.
GGs!
gud game
Very Funny
1. Play game with friend
2. Kill friend
3. Friend mad
4. No more friend
5. Sad that friend gone
6. Repeat 2
super jeux et faire plusieurs, il est la fois terrifiant et super
is gud
tienes una que es robar todos los objetos valiosos posibles y enviarselos a tu jefe "emoji". Pero si pensabas que todo iba a ser tan
en la oscuridad y con una linterna que pudo sacada del chino.
Estar pendiente que los ruidos de tus pasos y de tu voz no alerten viejo forajido, que puede matarte de un escopetazo, mientras que un pato loco haciendo "cuack" hasta la muerte, aunque tu vida corra peligro.
Evitar mirar a un negro que tiene una similar a los endermans del minecraft.
quieres trabajar para emoji?
Crouching = coughing baby
good
very good
SOUNDAP
I hate jumpscares, but this is a must play with friends/colleagues/family
veri guud
you don't need enemies when you have my mates
iyi
I normally love ducks, but heck this duck dude, he is a menace to society. 100/10 game
play game very fun yes
muy entretenido para jugar con amigos, te ries un buen rato y si te pega algunos sustos.
Actually might be addicted to this game. My friends play it almost everyday because the chaos is SO GOOD and we love being little guys grabbing items and evading monsters
goofy ass game
10/10
TO THE LEFT!
YOUR'S OR MINE?
LEFT!
WHICH ONE?
*BANG*
*whispered* oh.that left.
My final words were "awwww duckie"
Fun! Chaotic!
a
made it to day 18 with no bugs then it just kicked out everyone. bad game
10/10
ta nashe
A fun game and could be the funniest multiplayer for 2025!
- Winterhelm Games
Check me out on Youtube and Twitch!
the game is really fun, highly recommend to play with friends to have a better experience.
the most epical
awsome funny game!
Scary extraction game? No. Funny Chaotic meme game? Yes.
w
Pretty cool game. Really fun WITH FRIENDS.
This game better win Game of the year. Sure theres a few things like no cosmetics and no random player servers but other then that its a great game filled with scares and laughs
very fun coop worth the money
Funny game to play with friends
180
10/10
bought it without discount
starting to feel regret
very simple concept with lots of funny shit
many things that you would expect happened will happen
their using logic
overall its fine but not the best
Vaild tuff game
Jogo top tier
worth it!
Very fun game with friends.
I can throw my friends. I approve.
+
GOTY
very funny
really cool game!
Excited to get to next rooms
cool gaim to play with friends
singleplayer-
horror- 7/10
fun- 1/10
multiplayer-
horror-02/10
fun-10/10
funny physics
Juego para jugar con amigos.
es buenisimo
game is fun but if u want to destroy friendships this game is for u
Great game, just please redesign the mascot within the Steam store page. I refuse to believe that the team ever asked for feedback on it & anyone said that it looked good.
It doesn't match the art style of the game, nor does it represent it in a good light.
yummy game
Dlc
wassap my boy
A
[h2]R.E.P.O.[/h2]
This is the most successful Lethal Company-like game, and I can see why.
They kept the most interesting parts while cutting out a lot of the walking from the extraction point to the location and back (the truck now spawns directly at the site).
You visit the shop after every level, which makes collecting as much money as possible very meaningful. Discussing with your team what to buy just for fun it directly affects your strategy.
The enemies are meme worthy and funny, and valuable items constantly break for no reason.
At the moment, without mods, the game have a high replay value, but still worth your attention because it brings something new to the table.
I enjoyed it - there were plenty of funny and interesting moments generated during gameplay.
ye
Squidward
bao
kocham zbierac
Better than lethal company
Si papi
My friend Emil said this is good game, but idk
pretty good but if your friends don't have the game and don't want to play by yourself don't buy
My father gifted me repo and when i left the stea mfamily i was in with friends it got removed now i dont have it anymore
if you don't have this get it NOW, its fun alone or not
this game is HEATTTT
Es brutal para jugar con amigos
a
yarrrrrak
Used the power of friendship to lift big guy
es lo mejor que probe en mi vida prefiero esto antes que un amigo real jaj.
funny as hell and fun :)
me gusta ver como un puto fantasma me secuestra y me mata un cabolo enorme
zg
j
Great game. Fun with friends.
valla oyun helal olsun
Top.
Es muy divertido
100 10. 360
poplikethat
con los risas son chavales
This game is very much funny and scarry also
The Emoji Movie if it was actually good
so funny
Zajebista gra
good game, however i wish there was a way to join public lobies
Clipfarm game
At first, I was questioning the enjoyment of this game, I don't like most Lethal Company type games. This game isn't in Lethal's shadow. it is Lethal's shadow, in fact, I see this game becoming one of the most famous games to ever exist.
im excitedn to play this game
Love this game. Im excited to see the future updates and such. I havent lost interest no matter how many times my team lets me down xD
this game needs matchmaking or server listing
Besser als Crack!
Absolutely hilarious to play with friends
igen
epicardo dou nashei
- 10 10
10 10
VR!
A fun game to play with friends who love to chat! When a level goes wrong, just wing it, the enemies can have a quiet jumpscare and send you running, try not to make a sound <3
Uwielbiam przed babci
NEP{O NEPO NEPO
Really fun to play with friends. Especially love the animation of the eyes creating funny situations. Also love it that after everyone died its not completly over yet but there is a battle of the losers :D only minus might be that its hard to actually get to higher levels if you are just 3 people, you definitly need more people if you want to get far since you easily get surrounded by a lot of monsters in level 8+, but that still doesnt take the fun away so great game!
10 10
godt
Haven't played for a while but it's been a really good experience so far. The genre of "group of idiots facing unspeakable horrors for 5 dollars" or i guess a lethal company like has started to become pretty oversaturated with boring titles that I've forgotten after the first session but this feels fun and refreshing and something I can definitely see myself coming back to for a while now. Only problem I've had so far is some physics jank but I feel like that's more me not being familiar with the system then an issue with the game itself. All in all I definitely recomend for groups looking for a new game to add to the rotation, it's a silly, goofy, sometimes tense and scary, good time.
Very funny and worth those 10 investment
burber :)
the game is fun, especially for the company, I would like to increase the number of eligible players (currently the maximum number is 6) the emotions received in this game are unforgettable, I will wait for new updates and improve my skill in this game.
La mejor de y que e podido jugar en especial con amigos
bery good
jogo bom, divertido, e mt legal, kkk. Jogar isso com amigos e muito legal, recomendo dms
as: quilo/eu msm
auralicious game
Extremely fun and funny, would recommend to anyone
One of the mist fun games ive played, It doesnt matter if you are Solo or more, its always fun!
bra spel faktiskt, skulle va roligt med lite andra kartor
je peux faire skibidi toilet c'est cool
Pretty peak.
i mean. its not a bad game but its kinda boring and repetitive. Overall could be worse but u need to play with a lot of friends for it to be fun
Good and funny
-
add russian language plz
tres bon jeux
peak
500
Amazing game. Should be a lot more popular. Is like lethal company with improved qualities everywhere. Dynamic and fun monsters, but still a bit of a challenge. Music could be improved as well as a few other things, but that matter as it even been out for a month as of this post.
BOMBARDILO CROCODILO
GENIAL, lembro a ultima vez que ri tanto com um jogo. aos DEVS. E parem de atualizar o jogo, QUACK QUACK.
game is really funny and fun. best to play with friends
Good asf
[list]
15-30
4-6
25%
100%
6-12
5
fucker clown demon begone!
6
Peak
My friend killed me and we lost like 20 grand
Literally the most fun and hilarious game to play with friends! HIGHLY recommend this game. Yes, it can be kinda scary at times and especially in single-player, but this is SO SUPER fun!
100% worth the money (i hate headman)
2 kisi sikseniz yarram gibi oyun oyunu eglenceli yapan ortam. kendisi
Funny game, must be played with friends!
so good game fun playing with friends i like it sooo muchhh
Zajebisteeeeeeeee
w0w
dommage que je peux plus rembourse lethal
"I Found a 2.5k bottle" "I Found a 1.4k bottle". ~Proceeds to extract a 600$ bottle.
melhor jogo que eu ja joguei recomendo jogar com amigos e melhor ainda
This game is absolutely massive. Probably winning game of the year to be honest. I would HIGHLY encourage you to buy this game and play it with your friends.
Il vient presque de sortir, j'ai 30h, excellent jeu si vous avez Content Warning et Lethal Company faire absolument, early access oblige peu de contenu mais beaucoup de fun, (on prie pour du lore:)
-
10/10
Very fun, I played lethal company and didn't find it super fun but for some reason this game is wayyyyyyyyy better. 100% would recommend
scary
After purchase everything worked fine.
The last week and a half of slowdowns or ClientTimeout.
esse jogo bom se jogar com os amigos, mas o jogo solo legal, mas funciona para criar conteudo
It's like sex, without the cats
385 40
goofy trashcan is my spirit animal 11/10
Hell Yeah
boi this game frigging tuff,but actually this game is really good tho,should add public matchmaking if they can. Overall 10/10,change banner to sum else because they will think its a sloppy and bad game.
Funny game, love playing with my friends.
Accidentally pushed my friends off a ledge by ramming a cart into them.
funny
Muy buen juego recomendado para jugar con amig@s. Son diez euros que valen la pena :D.
joia
123456789
Superbe jeux
huolel
444
great game to play with friends. decent jumpscares and even better laughs.
Excelente
Lo empece a jugar con amigos y risas y traiciones no faltaron.
10/10
3
Bana zorla bu oyuna para verdiren Alperen cebine 5 lira etmez.
Good game but has some issues with overall pacing and difficulty which i assume will be fixed later on when this game is finished
6
very very funny :D
watched my friend stare down a duck for 30 minutes
great game
best game
very cool game and the fucking duck is annoying
sigma game
Buenas, es un juego para reirte un rato con tus amigos si queres comprado te lo recontra recomiendo para cagarte de risa jeje
dieses spiel spiele ich mit meine fruende/in und das macht so stress zu wenig energie geht auch nach 1m komplett leer monsters dich mit ein hit mann kann es einfach nicht richtig wenn man zumindestens eine einstellung wo man einstelle kann wie schnell energie weg geht und wie viel man leben oder energie am amfang hat auch so besser
entrei
joguei com uns amigos
morremos
no dia seguinte fui jogar solo
cheguei em um level auto
A DONA MORTE ME MATA
10/10
step 1. load game
step 2 invite your friends
step 3 load first level
step 4 see a grandpa with a shotgun
step 5 burb next to him
step 6 fight for last loser
step 7 you and your friends become enemies
2
it's beautiful comedic genius distilled into its purest form
5
na a to S*re ta hra a s to hraju.
anale
Veri UIIA Game
2025-2099
juegardo, que decirte
10x better than Lethal Company and NOT made by a furry. Lethal Company WISHES that it was R.E.P.O.
100/10 would buy again.
Banger
Ich habe meine Arsch ab gelacht als mein freund ab geknalt wurde. (Wurde auch weg geschallert)
Klare Empfelung
bla bla bla ble ble ble blu blu blu
benimle beraber 4 maymun birlikte soundpad zevkli bir oyun
good
cool
mantapp cok
Funny and entertaining
Really cool game to play with friends
good game but cant sex the woman :{
not very good bc u dont give it to sam_024
balls
dhrfsagyedthdhnbzsxxsz
Remove the duck
Amazing Game play! The more the merrier "and funnier".
UN BANGER SUR BANGER
MEJOR QUE LETHAL COMPANY
fun
A game who need to play with friends
Make terrible decisions, die, then watch and laugh as your friends make even worse decisions!
Repo is unironically some of the most fun had in a multiplayer game with my friends, so chaotic and so many funny and stupid moments can happen, truly no other game like it, and i wait to see what like when not in early access
7
10 10
Es un juego entretenido para pasarla con amigos, te puedes sacar unas buenas risas o unos sustos
11213123/10
funny asf
This is a more casual experience compared to games like lethal company. The ability to revive often, give health to others, and not INSTANTLY die when encountering a monster means more fun can be had. I think this game could do great with a matchmaker and some better customization. But considering this is an small Swedish team, I will be patient.
esta divertido
pussy
I love this game but my friends are usually busy so I always play solo :v
De los juegos entretenidos que he jugado en los tanto en cooperativo con amigos y solo.
play it now!1
just get it
100/10
bom d+, muito mas creio que seja interessante jogar solo
Um eine Empfehlung zu ist eine Beschreibung erforderlich.
Really good fun!
god juego para jugarlo con amigos es god
Very funny.
GOOD
keyifli lethal company
buenisimo
10/10 game
funi game funi game
Everyone should own this game!
10 10.
5
1
Love playing this game! It has it scary moments and especially better to play with friends.
Such a good game man. Haven't had this much fun in awhile. Although I fear if updates don't come it will drag out and end up dying. Which would be devastating because it seems to happen to most games now a days. Truly an enjoyable game, just hope they stay up to date with making it even better!
I like it when the giant head eats my friends
i got graped by an old man 10/10 i recomend ( he was blind)
10 10
/
I love struggling to move furniture with my friends. Now I can yell at my friends to put it down several times, and to tell them to tilt it to the left a little through a door way and still not get it in the door.
a
Best fun I've had in a long time with the buds
skibidi toilet
TOYOTA QUOTA.
great funny very cool good price
Bueno.
This game very astutely showed me that me and my dumbass friends could NOT be competent in the work place
Jogo top demais cara, eu sinceramente recommendo pra quem tem oportunidade de comprar o jogo realmente jogar ele com os amigos, +divertido e bem Espero esse jogo ficar pronto pra ficar ainda.
A great game to play solo or with friends. One of those easy to learn yet hard to master games.
pablo killed me
Titolo estremamente divertente da giocare in compagnia,risate assicurate!
(
Game Cool.
FUNNY
Cine absoluto, one of the best indies i ever play in my live.
Dieses Spiel hat mein Leben und meine Depressionen innerhalb Zeit beendet.
20 10/10
a few bugs here and there but a really fun game both with a group and solo, hope the dev keeps updating this for at least a year
yes.
10/10
gra superancka, do r.e.p.o dali z siebie 30%
ps. nie dawajcie koledze debilowi strength'a
was laughing then got shot by an old man 10/10
peak
pipik
There is a coin for this game. very low mcap rn, it's a gem considering how popular this game is. this coin is the first one launched and has dex paid so even if there's a pvp it'll hold.
7wiTLYmhTJuFTwXJnzsHUUudHgMEAL66wizJYA5Hpump
Yea
funny ahh game
divertido demais
muito massa doido
TOP
Chicken jockey!
absolutely incredible I love smashing my friends heads in with hard objects
CIRCUMFLEX CIRCUMFLEX CIRCUMFLEX CIRCUMFLEX CIRCUMFLEX
OOOOOOOHHHH ITS COMING OOUUTT
Never has a game with mods been just too fun basely to even mod! I havent even looked mods way since the game is always crazy fun by itself. 6 player lobbies are always crazy, fun, and 10000% clip worthy. If you looking for a sign to get this game: That this!
fun with friends, untill u start playing and if something goes wrong and everyone starts blaming eachother and at the end u have no friends, 10/10
Ever since these extraction simulators (or as i like to call them magpie-horror games) came out, I've given a few of them a fair chance and mostly enjoyed myself in the genre, which is why despite the ugly emoji marketing I gave this one a shot and encouraged some friends to do the same. These games have all been fun in their own way but felt lacking in one area or another but, with R.E.P.O. I don't feel that way at all (aside from map variation, but we know more are coming). If I get killed by a monster I know it's because I'm lacking strategy or don't know what I'm dealing with in time, I don't feel cheated by dying because every enemy has a way it can be avoided or killed, and the mechanics surrounding evasion and defeating enemies is very satisfying to play. Not to mention the ability to be respawned pretty easily in multiplayer so you don't have to stay dead an entire match while you watch your friends play.
All that to say, I've been having a blast playing this with friends and on my own, many funny and heartbreaking moments all rolled into one, and for me this game has perfected the formula of this extraction genre. Well done, Semiwork!
Lethal Company, Content Warning
REPO
simplesmente. UMA MARAVILHA DE JOGAR COM AMIGO
o jogo consegue ser mais que assustador, e consegue ser incrivelmente caotico com 3+ pessoas, super recomendo
esse jogo resenha de mais, podiam colocar a de entrar no meio da partida, aumenta o limite de players para 50
REALLY FUNNY AND CAN BE SCARY :D
Peak
Absolute cinema
good game
So much fun and funny to play with friends
great game; get ready to play it alone. absolutely shit community of players.
juego muy divertido para jugar con amigos
cool game
alive ?
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
very good
Fix netcode
Addicted, so so so so good!
Funny evry good game
Do you want to bully your friends and get pissed while they break shit? Well we got the game for you! Enjoy jump scares and getting killed by the mobs! When you get mad from dying from the mobs take it out on bullying your friends! 2025 GOTY! 500/10 would recommend!
funy
1) Load game
2) Start round
3) Find a really cute duck
4) Try to pick up cute duck
5) Duck becomes monster
6) Cry in a corner
11/10 game a must play.
140
It's incredibly fun, especially with others. Solo play is amazing, but very challenging (at least for me lol). Don't go in expecting Lethal Company, just enjoy the chaos!
Brought back the feeling of playing Lethal Company with friends.
Very fun to play especially with friends. The eye movement is so good and expressive in a way.
w game, love it and hopefully it wont be in beta for years. Beamng
class
Funny robots go brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
very funny
Um dos melhores games que ja joguei, principalmente a que jogar com grupo formado kkkkk
Nice
kool
agood
Its funny
Bom pra jogar com amigos
muy divertido, entretenido, cada partida es muy graciosa las risas no faltan
je kiffe
text to speech funny
I HIGHLY recommend this game if you have funny/goofy friends
The character you play as are so expressive
and the text-to-speech make it a little more fun for the mute ones
yeah
Clock in and lock in gang, We got a job to do.
+
Great with friends!
muchisimo tiempo que no jugaba algo tan divertido
If you liked lethal company you might enjoy this game, it's a "co-op fun comedic-horror game"
another fun lethal company like game
not much of a horror game, but it's really really fun to play with friends and even singleplayer.
goood
this very cool game
when uppdatering?
best game fr
ES GOD
Gachi
j[etyj
da
kol
Mi compa i, fuii fuii fui fuii fuiiiiiii
its fun
is good
pato de satan, ampulheta do slowmotion, caixinha de musica, e muitos outros itens e montros fodas que me fazem gritar que nem um grilo, e ainda por cima essas coisas mexem com a voz, oq mais eu preciso?
I felt interested in what I was doing.
100
:O
10 10
vitu
Muy buen juego divertido lo unico que pondria serian servidores para jugar con otras personas que no tengas agg
Really funny + very scary + android characters
i beat a flying head to death with a giant bottle to avenge my friend
Nice
if you laugh you might as well being praying to god him self to save you
rfqa
Muy Gracioso jugarlo Con Amigos
adamlarla girin oyuna
Well worth the money, one of the best coop games. After awhile it will get stale because you figure out how everything works and it then becomes repetitive so in future updates difficulty should scale, lvl 50 should be harder than lvl 10. New monsters maybe more unpredictable with different probability to act differently each time, more of them, harder maps with more difficult obstacles, new loot, new weapons. NEW EVERYTHGING JHSUT FUCKING ADD AS MUCH RANDOM SHIT AS POSSIBLE LESGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
ye
very good with friends
W!
super fun and youll never know what will hapen
+rep
funny spooky haha
Jogasso slk
+rep
Sztos
10/10
Touch your friends here 10/10 game, recommended
l
medo.
This game is basically lethal company with talking trash bins as characters and phys gun, very fun with friends and can be fun for solo as well
A very fun and funny game. I'm honestly not a big fan of horror and get jump scared a lot but with friends it's manageable and actually really funny. I've tried playing solo a couple times now and it is still good but not my cup of tea since you are less likely to progress since it's easier to die (no one to save you) and it's nowhere near as funny without other people. Would highly recommend as a group game!
This was a gift from a friend but for me I feel like the $9.99 price tag is worth it if you have people to play with.
yes
Lethal Company
funniest game i ever played and for a such small dev team!
DAs ist eine sehr und geiles spiel
iyi oyun
REPO is funny game. Make me giggle big time. It like Lethal Company, but with Canadian Robots. Developers please add ABG in next update
10 10
Friendfarming friendslop type shi frfr
is good
[b]Things I've experienced in R.E.P.O.:[/b]
Fish-vomited my teammate to death
Was blown up in the shop by my own spouse's duct tape grenade
Spent [strike]way too much[/strike] just enough on a frying pan
Scooped up all my friends' heads and ran crying to the nearest extraction while being chased by gnomes wielding knives
❌ Awkwardly ignored that weird emoji mascot
Highly recommend!
super cooles spiel
Very Funny game, but pls add anti-cheat.
SAALLLAAMM ALLLIIKKOOOMM ALIIIIIIIKKKKKOOOOOOMMM SALLLLLLLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAM
scary and fun
100% Game of the year 2025
Really good with friends if u have any and even better with a friend that has a sound board. Overall on of the best games and is a meme game but could be a little bit scaryier och yea that word.
Brain rot
Having a blast!
Good game if you have friends and enjoy having a blast. Less good if you hate fun and have no friends (think about it, those things might be related)
sexyy game
fun
It's spooky but fun at the same time especially in multiplayer games.
ghjcyekcz lfk pfpe
Dobra gra
Game of the Year
ALLES GEIL
Its really fun playing with your friends! I highly recommend this game.
Les meilleures 10 balles que j'ai (il faut avoir des amis pour que ce soit
Fun
good game ig, pretty fun. its like lethal comp.
good
JBL
Been playing this game a lot and I've been loving it, watching the devs videos talking about it they've clearly put love into it and are continuing to strive for a better game. Consistently asking for community input it's clear they want to make a game the players enjoy. of course a game this fresh there's gonna be issues here and there but overall I'm loving my time and I don't see myself putting it down anytime soon!
Super fun game w/ friends. Game devs are actively working to add more features to the game. Looking forward to seeing what is to come!
birtane hayalete yem ettim sonra hayaleti bu oyunu tavsiye ediyorum
molto bello, peccato che non ci siano treni. si, sono acustico e sento bene la musica.
absoloute cinema
Things that worry me most:
✅ Players
✅ Myself
❌ Map
❌ Smashing Stuff
✅ Monsters
DUCK?!
goty 100%
Very fun! This game is great for friends and I totally recommend it
20 R.E.P.O.
Franchement il faut y jouer, bon assurer avec vos copains rire assurer :D
R.E.P.O. is an absolute blast to play with friends! the perfect mix of action, strategy, and pure chaos. Every session turns into a wild ride, whether nailing objectives like pros or completely screwing up in the most hilarious ways. The atmosphere is intense, the mechanics are solid, and the game really pushes you to communicate and work together.
If you're looking for a co-op game that delivers both heart-pounding moments and laugh-out-loud fails, R.E.P.O. is 100% worth your time. wait to see what new content they add next.
hawk tuah
One word for this game: Chaos. The game is so good and funny that it can hypnotize you for hours and hours when you play it with friends. Combine all of that with Soundboard, and you got yourself a game of the year. Shame on those people pirating this game instead of supporting the developers of this masterpiece. Definitely recommend to play this game with a good group of friends for a unforgettable time.
aburrido
make sure to always pick up the ducks
buy it
very funny games but only with friends
I had fun, and that's cool. 100% Recomended.
ta hra mi zmenila zivot v dobrom
It keeps dissconnecting me. Even if I run it as administrator or just verify all files, I have even tried to update my graphics card. The product worked before but now it doen't even wanna connect to to multyplayer at all. Good game but awfull connection.
good game. very nice
Nem rossz a game.
Oui, plusieurs.
great game and can you guys add a way to fight the monsters
cool game
its peak game material, I would love for more of my friends to play this!
,'`;
.,`.
.~ .`-
,'. .o. .o_
_l.
_. '`~-. .,'
.,.-~-.' -.,.
/. ./. .}. .` -.,/
/. ,'_. :/.
/'`-.l. `'-.'.
;. .)-.l
.l. .' ,'
.',. .,'
.' ,/. `,. ,'_
.,.- '_|_')
',. ',-~'`. (.)
.l. ;. /_
/. /_. .)
'-. .)
.' - .-`
66666
i scrumed
10 10
i love this game but please bring public matchmaking. i give it a solid 7/10 just bcs of the matchmaking problem.
You will find out how useless your friends are
sound
[h1] [/h1]
R. E. P. O., VALVe 3894144170
[h1] [/h1]
- 24/7 16/9 R. E. P. O., - -
-
[h1] [/h1]
-
[h1] [/h1]
Palworld?).
Among Us Fall Guys
Esta bien, muchas mecanicas que se pueden implementar pero para ser early access no esta nada mal, para pasar el rato aceptable.
Muy divertido! Falta agregar mas mapas, mas "bichos" algun objetivo secundario.
good game. (my friends are stupid tho) Good game to play solo!
Lethal Company but better
bla bla bla ble ble ble blu blu bluuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
*Insert Android Notification sound*
IT IS AMAZING
YOU SHOULD PLAY IT
3
3
10 10
fun to play with friends really goofy love it so much (psst make so much chaos in the shop!)
fakt se u toho s hry jsme a na je to i dost sem tam bug, ale je to teprve ve
s
:0
This game is fucking awesome with friends
it's just a cool worth it
coloquei uma granada na bunda do meu amigo e quando ele gritou a granada explodiu 10/10
so hard when play solo, add can join another room like lethal company
TAXMAN:
Paint.[/spoiler]
R.E.P.O. -
[h1]6.6/10[/h1]
Muito fopa KKKKKKKKK
iyi
3
if Elmer Fudd shoots me again im putting him in a home
wanna give a friend but hes in europe and I in canada but i cant givi him the game even that I have enough
this game take the best parts form lethal company and content warning while adding new content, probably best horror game to play with friend rn, 10/10
this game is so funny man istg
i love this game havent gone a level without being abused by my friends 10/10
nice gmae, cant wait for more Map, monster, and more content
W game but needing to have friends to play because theres no online random player matchmaking makes it a solid 6.5/10
si
i love this game, hilarious i play it w my friend and we always giggle so much
sigma skibiti
R.E.P.O. has to be the best game of this type. Every moment me and friends are making money its funny every time to where I can't stop laughing. It feels like the difficulty scales up pretty decently. Loot spawns are decent, the monsters are cool and different from each other. and 9 times out of 10 the deaths are more funny than scary. I also do enjoy the videos the devs release as well. It does show they really care about this game and the community that enjoys this.
The only thing about this game I don't like and seems others don't as well, has to be the emoji logo.
Polecam
playing this with 5 other idiots > burgers
1
this game needs quick play. as some one with no steam friends and wants to play multiplayer i cant.
Juego perfecto para pasar el tiempo con tus amigos y es el tipo de juego que llevo buscando bastante tiempo para y pasar el tiempo con mis amigos
[u]Soundpad[/u]. [/b]
Hid in a cabinet for straight 5 minutes, heard screaming. Not my problem. 9/10
10/10
10 10
Content Warning Lethal Company
me encanta, pero ser multijugador donde pueda unirme a una sala al azar y asi.
w game ong
Funny game i like to troll my friend in the shopping room with the shockwaves and bombs
Um jogo como deve ser. divertido se tiver bons amigos.
i love chasing that head monster because it can give me head.
Just do it
super fun with friends
veri fani gejm ten aouta ten
GMOD. Peak
Pouce
3
1.
2.
3.
best game with frends but if u got none its decent
schon gut
GOTI
10/10
<3
funny gaim me roccemend
Very fun Would love to curb stomp that duck though
gran juego
en iyi oyunlardan biri oynaya bilecek
would
10 10
10/10 tts
Very fun with friends, but can get repetitive due to not that much content being available in early access yet.
Bl bla bla ble ble ble Blu Blu blu
R.E.P.O. Soundpad,
amazing im in love with the blind person and we are almost married! thanks r.e.p.o!
gud
TRALALERO TRALALA
a. oe sesimi duyuyon
mamu ytki ebal
This game is so funny i played it with friends and could not stop laughing LOL
We need crossplay and that u can join lobbies
jogo dei mt risada jogando com os meus amigos, mas acho q falta colocar mais alguns mapas. D resto, o melhor jogo pra jogar, passar o tempo e se divertir
=
I love it so much it's been so fun playin with my friends
Juegazo para meterle con amigos un cago de risa
Got this game a few days ago and I already have 12 hours on it. extremely fun to play with friends, but also fun to play by yourself. This is the most genuine fun had while playing a game in quite a long time. I really like the style of the game, very similar to lethal company. I highly recommend getting this game, I wait for the full release.
Das ist das Spiel des Jahres 2025. Dieses Game ist so Weird. Es definitiv Jumpscares kommen, aber das ist das lustigste an dem Spiel. Man muss es definitiv mit Freunden spielen!
goofy
i like it
10 10
This is one of the fun games to play with friends 100% recommended
I really love this game! So much goof, spoop and adorable robot antics all in one game!
I have one annoying glitch to report where the volume of other players keeps testing all back to 100, would love to see that fixed cause my sister has shite audio on her steamdeck lol
-
MICHEAL! MICHEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAL
Noice
easy to tryhard in, easy to have fun. Great game.
kalo mau mabar add friend aja ini akun
This game deserves the title "Game of the Year"
So much fun to play with friends
Going for solo runs is TERRIFYING, and I love it!
Go ahead and get it. You will not regret it even one bit!
10/10
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
This game is a total masterpiece!
The gameplay is so engaging, I stop playing!
Teamwork is essential, and the proximity voice chat adds an immersive layer to the experience.
literally cried from laughing so much! The humor is on another level hilarious moments around every corner!
THIS IS NOT AN AD If you picked this up yet, do it now! You regret it.
Trust me, this is one of the best games played in a while! Play it!
Cool game but unfair monsters. Give them atleast some sound so warned. every run ended cause of that bs
funny af
panarama rau
Maybe less scary than similar games but a lot more funny in my opinion.
fun especially with a soundboard
10 10
el mejor juego del mundo sin dudas
mi e piaciuto tutto
- DIFICULDADE
✅ Uma senhora de 90 anos completaria
Normal
Depende da dificuldade que escolher
Dark Souls
-
MS Paint
Ruim
Meh
✅ importa nesse jogo
Bom (especial)
Lindo
Obra de arte
-
Ruim
Nada de especial
✅ tem trilha sonora
Boa
trilha sonora
-
✅ Esse jogo tem
Tipo jogar Clash Royale
para quem quiser
Bem escrita
Uma saga
Imagine Kingdom Hearts mas aumentada 100x
-
De
Muito abaixo
✅ Perfeito
Poderia ser mais barato
Muito caro
Vai jogar sua grana fora
Ganhei de presente
- REQUISITOS
✅ pode rodar no notebook batata do seu pai ou Ps1
Mais ou menos
PC Gamer
Computador da NASA
-
toma um refri e acabou
Curto
Normal (entre 8~12h)
Longo
✅ uma predeterminada
Quando tiver 800 anos termina
Pedir reembolso
Prefiro ver secar
de gostar
✅ Repetitivo
✅ Vai te entreter
nunca como esse jogo te divertiu
A viagem da sua vida
- FATOR REPLAY
✅ de uma vez
Apenas pelas conquistas
Se esperar alguns meses/anos (ou mods)
Definitivamente
Infinitamente
Nenhuma
- BUGS
Nunca vi nenhum
✅ Pequenos bugs
Pode ficar irritante
ARK: Survival Evolved
Parece uma acesa cheia de inseto
- PARA QUEM O JOGO FOI DESENVOLVIDO
Adolescentes
Adultos
Malucos BELEZA
✅ Livre para todos os
- PARA MELHOR
Single player
✅ Multi player
Cooperativo
O jogo offline
De qualquer jeito vai ter uma
✅ Com amigos claro
O jogo multi player
O jogo Single player
- COMPENSA COMPRAR?
Espere uma sale
✅ Sim
+ ou -
O Jogo de / FOR FREE
Esta foi minha analise, espero que ajude em algo. Bom dia, boa tarde ou boa noite.
Copie do
Force your friend to buy it and play with them
very funny
This activated a part of my ape brain that I didn't know was there, and created a sort of warped fight or flight response within me.
Juegaso
Crazy
10 10
endless fun, once this has public matchmaking itll be unstoppable
top
really funny to play with friends see them run screaming away frm themosters. the only thing i would say is more colors and cosmeic and maybe more monsters
bajs
MUY DIVERTIDO PARA JUAGAR CON AMIGOS
This game has taken over my life, would recommend
The kid spent a lot of money, after which I beat him with a frying pan. Haven't played the game yet
Wacky and silly text to speech with friends was worth $10. There being a game too is an added bonus!
great game
stupid trash game 0/10 do not play again you know what-0/10, i hate this game so much it is so bad i dont know how people like this its trash
horrible fck ass game shts unfair go f uck yourself f ck ass devs kys
:)
Es hat sich total gelohnt! Es macht mit freunden mega und ist ziemlich witzig. Alleine spielen geht auch ,aber ich finde es alleine zu gruselig.
I love tumbling into the ghost child(:
ok
fun
Good scares, fun with friends and even though the layouts are somewhat repetitive, every single session feels unique and complex! Very fun and challenging at the same time!
xD
fun game but need friends to play with
and they need to fix the netcode, server ping are high
very goofy
damn devs fix the damn floor. why does clearly flat floor damages my stuff? the game is great, hope to see more development and new things in game
bello
10/10
*Self destruct sequence started*
I can't believe they left me.
THIS IS SO FUN TO PLAY
fun with friend
Brainrot
Jogo Muito bom, joguei muito e em uma das runs eu matei o cara cego com um e sem querer me explodi junto, 10/10.
fire
is a very very god game
10 10
funnE
1
(-$2800)
its really fun to play with friends
Very fun and enjoyable! Best to be played with friends!
sigma balls
Nunca ri tanto da de levando um tiro. levei um tiro
So silly. Great with the family. Pete is cute
This game is like Lethal Company but with physics, would recommend.
10 10
Big clown coming to kill you: you and your friends crouch down TOGETHER. You take one good look at his face and your dead 2 ways, from laugher or getting absolutely kicked in the (seriously this game is amazing, its suprising i dont even rage when we go back to lvl 1 because of how fun it is)
apoetosico
9 10
wea wena
- JBL;
-
-
- -
Juegardovich, las risas no faltan y tampoco los enojos, todo explota
posdata: Cuidado con el payaso
posdata del posdata: Lucas kl malo pa todo
is like really fun (if you have friends)
jou
[h1]Game is just too frustrating to be enjoyable.[/h1]
Runs can be way too RNG dependent and be a waste of time, along with Monsters that only serve to harass the player like the Spewer, to super fragile large items like the Vase.
The game is also just a huge waste of time. you will typical only ever die because you got hit with some massive BS, or because a monster appears out of no where and theres no way to prevent it from killing you, instantly deleting all you progress. have fun fighting the Shop RNG to give you stuff that's actually useful instead of Mines, garbage melee weapons, or grenades for the 1000th time, or nothing but tumble and double jump upgrades instead of Strength upgrades.
(Early game: Headman in general. you literally cant get away from him because you dont have any stam or speed and no way to defend yourself.)
(Late game: Upscream just appearing out of no where from around a corner and instantly grabbing you. this is an instant death sentence in late game because the devs have some sort of hole fetish, so they put death pits into 50% of the rooms that can generate in late game)
good game
44 22.03.2025 13:26
Me parece un buen juego para echarte unas risas con tus amigos, muchos enemigos y muchos objetos, que se puedan comprar mejoras entre ronda y ronda tambien es ta muy bien, sin duda lo recomendaria
They have to add a community market for cosmetics
first game, me and my friend, we spawn we get one thing and a duck appears. nothing happens still. scary doll with sword hands comes right at us, we panic, duck goes crazy and starts biting us and we both die. defo reccomended.
Pretty fun game, although if you are looking for something "dark" or actually scary, this might not be it, but it is good for stupid fun and its moreso of a comedy and horror game, overall? pretty fun, and this is just the first version as of the time of this review aswell, and it's pretty easy to get a hold of.
good
its good
gg
its fire n fun the more players the better
insaneeeeeee
- > une haine contre les canards et les nains de jardins ✅
- > Se faire trahir par ses potes ✅
-> Devenir parano chaque bruit ✅
-> Argent
-> Devenir et ❌
-> Pro du ✅❌ (Ouais bah on va regarder faire hein )
-> Le tout avec du Fun et de la rigolade✅
-> Manque juste quelques comestics fun pour les perso ❌
En bref, Un bon jeu pour des entres potes quasi infini si vous mauvais
got a refund but they didnt give me my money back
best game together with friend
good mechanics and physics, like hitting my friends with cart
Hilarious game! So much fun, so many posibilities! I am so ready for new updates coming to the game :)
Fun but the game play loop quickly becomes stale. Beer and pretzels with mates kinda game. My threshold is 1-2hrs before I'm bored.
plz fix the physics
[hr][/hr]
Esta buenardo.
10 10
Es la bomba
So far, a lot of fun. Let's hope the devs don't fumble it with inactivity
top
Peekaboo
2
fun.
fun
Peak
6
:)
Pretty good game, reminds me of Lethal Company, but WAY more funnier (Not for alone players)
- Gathering resources
- Be like, Yay, i met quota
- Get deleted by entity behind door when im returning
RE6JYRT5RYTYRNRYTYTYTYTYRT
tu ta ta
R.E.P.O.! PROPERTY SEIZURE IN PROGRESS!
You pay? We play. Your debt is past due, and now past reasoning. That vintage radio you love? ours. That fancy painting? Consider it confiscated. Even that old-school camera collecting dust? Repossessed.
If on the list, getting taken.
If you lock the door, kick it in.
If a in the way, THEIR problem.
You think a floating skull with glowing eyes is something afraid of? We take it in stride. A blind guy with a shotgun blasting at every noise? move quieter than your last excuse. And that feral little goblin child hurling random junk at our heads? Jokes on repo those too.
"STAY OUT OF OUR WAY, OR GET REPOSSESSED TOO!"
Shotgun guy? Keep it stealthy.
Floating skull? make eye contact.
Angry baby with throwing arms? Bob and weave.
This just a a battlefield. Monsters, curses, nightmares? Nothing stops the repo. If unpaid, OURS.
R.E.P.O. No Debt Survives, No Monster Intimidates.
ta gra to bomboclat, jeden z lepszych jakie z ziomkami) jest troche strasznie. Normalnie Taka gra za 45 to jak za darmo.
waren mies am lachen, paar sekunden nicht mehr.
game macht mies bock 8,5/10
YES
I Can Be a Skibidi Toilet
I FREAKING LOVE THIS GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAME!
I'M TOO SCARED TO PLAY IT ALONE BUT WITH FRIENDS IT'S FUN
ganhei o jogo do nada, to precisando entender o que ta acontecendo que um jogo de 32 REAIS ta fazendo na minha biblioteca como instalar.
JBL
10/10
great
I shat meself.
Good to play with friends for some few hours, but nothing special
Funniest game I've ever played, I'm forcing all my friends to buy it :D
-
Un jeux a faire avec ses amis resemble un peu letal compagnie en +
[h1] R.E.P.O. [/h1]
= ( Difficulty ) =
☐ No Difficulty
☐ Easy
☑ Standard (Depends on your team)
☐ Big Learning Curve
☐ Hard
☐ Impossible
= ( Audience ) =
☐ Everyone
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Mature
= ( Graphics ) =
☐ What Is This?
☐ Bad
☑ Acceptable
☐ Good
☐ Great
☐ Stylistic
☐ Beautiful
☐ Masterpiece
= ( Sound/Music ) =
☐ Bad
☐ Nothing Special
☑ Okay
☐ Great
☐ Beautiful
☐ Gonna Cry
= ( Story ) =
☐ This Game Has No Story
☑ Nothing Special (This might change)
☐ Alright
☐ Well Written
☐ Epic Story
☐ Thinking About It, When I Sleep
= ( Grinding ) =
☑ Nothing To Grind
☐ Isn't Necessary To Progress
☐ Average Grind Level
☐ A Lot Of Grinding
☐ Need A Second Life For Grinding
= ( Price ) =
☐ Free
☐ Underpriced
☑ Perfect Price
☐ Could Be Cheaper
☐ Overpriced
= ( Requirments ) =
☑ A Toaster Could Run This
☐ Low
☐ Average
☐ Above Average
☐ High End
☐ NASA Computer
= ( Game time/length ) =
☐ Really short ( 0 - 4 hours)
☐ Short ( 4 - 12 hours)
☐ Average ( 12 - 24 hours)
☐ Long ( 24+ hours)
☑ Multiplayer/Neverending
= ( Bugs ) =
☐ Game itself is a bug
☐ Lot of bugs
☑ Few Bugs
☐ Nothing
= ( Controller Support ) =
☐ Yes
☑ no
= ( Steam Deck Friendly ) =
☐ Yes
☑ no
= ( Enjoyment ) =
☐ Rather Watch Grass Grow
☐ Hard To Enjoy
☐ Repetitive
☐ It's Okay
☑ Fun To Be Had For Sure
☐ The Kind Of Fun You Will Remember
☐ Life Changing
= ( Replayability ) =
☐ One-Time Experience
☐ Only For Achievements
☐ If You Wait A Few Months/Years
☐ Definitely
☑ Infinitely Replayable/Multiplayer
= ( Worth Playing ) =
☐ No
☐ Wait For A Sale
☑ Yes
☐ I Recommend It Enough
[table]
[tr]
[th]TOP FUN THINGS TO DO:
Arguing over who smashed "that" vase.
Fleeing from monsters.
Meeting the taxman's quota.[/th]
[/tr]
[/table]
[table]
[tr]
[th]THE UNIQUES:
Not heavily dependant on other players, despite it being a multiplayer game.
A game that looks cheap, turns out very fun and unique.[/th]
[/tr]
[/table]
[table]
[tr]
[th]PLAYER GAMING REQUIREMENTS:
Horror.
Comedy.
Co-op.[/th]
[/tr]
[/table]
[table]
[tr]
[th]PROS:
+ The biggest positive I see here would be the revivability, just throw the dead players head into the drop off zone as your paying the taxman and you're back into the game! Most online survival games, if you die. that's it until the next round.
+ So many funny moments, regardless if your with friends or randomers.
+ Every monster feel different with different little gimmicks about themselves.
+ Most items are usual. or useless, yes i'm looking at you blowup hammer!
+ Very quick loading times.[/th]
[/tr]
[/table]
[table]
[tr]
[th]CONS:
- The most obvious con. the laughing emoji banner. why? It makes the game look cheap.
- Needs a matchmaking server/lobby, only way to play with randomers is by joining their Discord server.
- More maps, but that's me being critical.[/th]
[/tr]
[/table]
[table]
[tr]
[th]VERDICT:
Most people will look at the banner and say, "nah, game looks trash". Looks can be deceiving guys and this is one of these moments, it's a very simple design with a huge impact when it comes to gameplay. With a price this low, it can't hurt to gather some friends and have a ton of laughs.
I'm really looking forward to what they release on their next update.
Total Score = 79/100.[/th]
[/tr]
[/table]
[table]
[tr]
[th]OVERVIEW:
R.E.P.O. is an online co-op horror game featuring physics, proximity voice chat and scary monsters. You and up to 5 friends can venture into terrifying environments to extract valuable objects using your physics-based grabbing tool.
7 / 10
It has room to grow.[/th]
[/tr]
[/table]
[table]
[tr]
[th]RECOMMENDED SPECS:
It'll run on anything.[/th]
[/tr]
[/table]
magnus skal spille det
Peak Comedy at its finest
ja kanker grappig
Load in.
Push cart.
Be chased by big boomer head that wants chomp.
Be also chased by doll lady with knife hands.
Be thrown into trash compacter by fren.
10/10 would Repossess Property again :)
R.E.P.O. is an incredibly fun, exciting, and challenging game that keeps you hooked from the start. The core gameplay is both engaging and rewarding, making every completed level feel like an achievement. While you can play solo, the real magic happens when you team up with friends. Working together makes completing levels much easier and faster, which adds a great cooperative element that enhances the overall experience.
One of the standout features of R.E.P.O. is its unique art style. The pixelated, retro aesthetic gives the game a nostalgic feel, but at the same time, it sets it apart from other games in the genre. Instead of feeling outdated, the old-school visuals make the game even more immersive and charming.
Another aspect that makes R.E.P.O. so addictive is the progression system. As you complete levels, you earn money that can be spent on gadgets and upgrades in the shop. These upgrades not only make future levels easier but also add an extra layer of strategy. Deciding which tools to invest in adds depth to the gameplay and gives you a strong sense of progression. The constant desire to improve and experiment with different upgrades keeps you coming back for more.
For just this game is an absolute steal. The amount of fun and replayability you get for the price is incredible. Whether you're playing alone or with friends, R.E.P.O. delivers a unique and thrilling experience that will keep you entertained for hours. If looking for a fresh and exciting co-op game, this one is definitely worth picking up!
lustig
yes
sick
o jogo e bom, o ruim e pq vc pode apenas jogar com amigos, ou intalando mods
amazing but it only gets better with friends
Good game. Worth the price
all we do is scream at each other like little girls.
Super marrant avec des potes (ou en solo)
Donnez une augmentation au mec qui a la physique des yeux
El juego muy bien, pero Gide nos mata a nosotros
Bu yorumu 36 saati geride ve ki her bir hem hem de korkutan nadir oyunlardan. Lethal company'ye bu oyunda daha fazla keyif O hareketleri, oyun yazarak sesimizi falan oyunu daha hale getiriyor. 6 kadar oynanabiliyor fakat para, shoptaki malzemeleri her birimize yetecek kadar alabilmekte zorluk bir o 2-3 bence daha sarabilir. Kesinlikle en 2 saat denenmesi gereken bir oyun Bir grubunuz varsa
I like the fact that it actually terifies you in a good way like I cant stop laughing this is one of the greatest games yet
Love this game so much it's very fun with friends and i would recomend this game
Fun with friends
Super hra na chill s
Add sex pls
I really liked this game it was some of the most fun i had with a friend on a video game would recomend
ZALUPA
You shouldn't have done that!
You shouldn't have done that!
You shouldn't have done that!
You shouldn't have done that!
You shouldn't have done-
Very good game
very good but should add quick matches I
Super gierka
This game is a phenomenal addition to the horror/extraction genre and blows all competition away. They managed to find the best balance of humor and horror, while the RNG managed to make the game not feel repetitive. The voice feature which makes your character model and some enemies interact with your voice/volume is perfect. Item shop adds a fun twist as well. Weapons/gadgets are useful but don't make the game too easy. Lobbies up to 6 players is peak as well. Highly recommend for any group of friends who want to explore something new and hilarious together, or argue over who broke what.
zanadto starshno
fire gam
My friend is trolling
Game is a mix of hilarious watching people flail around and breaking vases, then next thing you know it's taunt and terrifying as you are hunted down by a monster that can actually hear your voice. Great game, fun to play, I think my gamer group has a new party game for us to play.
Amazing Simple
GFDHTDYTRSTRASZS FGHRTVY
Jogo muito legal, que precisa de amigos.
Eu jogo junto com minha mulher, um casal de amigos e outros dois amigos, e tamo jogando quase todo dia, super divertido!
Ta na de comprar ou indicar o jogo na roda de amigos? Ta ai uma
Esse jogo pegou o que tinha de bom em Lethal Company e melhorou infinitamente! Um dos melhores jogos CO-OP que eu tive o prazer de jogar com meu grupo de amigos!
Simple hermoso
5+!?
Nice game, funny, scarry at some point.
Please add achievement.
It wuld be nice if you can add a compendium.
-Monster Name
-deaths
-Kills
-Infos about the Monster
-what they do
honestly its somehow better than lethal company, since instead of straight horror its actually more comedy horror. lots of funny moments in this game and i love it
Really great game to play with friends
And fun asf
oui
Probably the best game for its genre. However, that f*ckin emoji needs to go.
repo
javascript:DSelectNoop();
w game
Es un juegazo, me he reido muchisimo y me sigo riendo jajajaja
Its fun and worth every dollar. Get it, my friend bought it for me which I am very grateful for but I enjoy it a lot.
recomendo, essa porra de jogo muito viciante. fiquei solteiro
Es un juego divertido y entretenido de base, aunque necesita que se trabaje en los siguientes puntos:
1. Profundizar en mapas e interacciones con el mismo, se hace con el tiempo bastante su jugabilidad
2. de personajes, eventos especiales, etc.ya que le vida y la gente se entusiasmada
3. Poco a poco introducir un modo competitivo (incluso que llegue a ser a nivel profesional)que sea un reto para aquellos jugadores que quieran una experiencia realmente incluso si ya tienes experiencia previa, con aseguramos que el juego siga creciendo y su comunidad se sienta viva de atraer a nuevos jugadores.
4. Escuchar con a la comunidad, sin comunidad no hay juego y si no hay juego no hay dinero.
Simplesmente um filho do lethal company porem melhor, se tem amigos para jogar nem compra, mas com amigos as risadas garantidas, esse jogo tem muito pela frente!
Eu matei velhos e mas foi pelo bem maior ;)
This Game so Tricky,
Amazing game to play with friends
de 2025
REPO Un jeu d'horreur humoristique en ligne avec chat vocal de et monstres effrayants
Vous pouvez jouer 6 joueurs et vous allez devoir vous aventurer dans des environnements terrifiants pour extraire des objets de valeur l'aide de votre grapin de saisie sur la physique.
Vous aurez des quotas effectuer en fonction des niveaux, prenez garde bien votre outil car si vous faites tomber un objet celui-ci perd de la valeur ou se casse Mettez tout en pour des objets le tout avec et en silence
La communication est essentielle mais faites attention, car les monstres rodent, et vous entendent.
Le studio a brillamment horreur, humour et panique, rendant incroyablement immersive et addictive, fous rires garantis
Les personnages dynamiquement en fonction de vos ainsi
permet des des armes et des outils afin de pouvoir se et de toujours plus
Outre les armes, REPO ne repose pas uniquement sur la force brute : contrairement son concurrent, ici, se cacher et rester silencieux peut vous sauver la vie (Hide and seek) Ce choix de gameplay unique renforce la tension et prolonge la de vie du jeu.
Plus vous avancerez, plus la augmentera, de intelligente. Les monstres ne seront pas votre seule menace : Ne vous laissez pas surprendre
Prenez garde ne pas rester isoler, car vous pourriez vous retrouver seul sans le savoir. Tomber sur la jamais une bonne surprise.
Heureusement, vous aurez la de retrouver les corps de vos et de les ramener la vie au point
Un futur prometteur Le studio de nouvelles :
Un mode VR
Des
de nouveaux monstres
Axes :
- Optimisation du chat vocal de : parfois, le son baisse trop brutalement Un meilleur serait
- Corriger les bugs qui se cassent parfois sans raison.
- Un descriptif sur les outils du magasin (ou dans un lexique du menu) pourrait une bonne chose.
Vous avez cette utile ?
Retrouvez-en d'autres en suivant notre curation : [url= sur les jeux[/url]
peak cinema
INCROYABLE!,c'est juste une masterclasse meilleur que lethal company ou encore content warning
Extraction horror done right
i killed my friends with a laser staff 10/10
fgh
takes everything good about lethal and improves it, its faster paced and you spend more time playing. no more trips to the company and selling everything, you do that in each level and if you die once instead of waiting for the day to end people can bring you back in a way that seems fair
O jogo bom do djabo, que vc precisa de amigo competentes para passar do 2, depois disso sucesso
It's a really fun game, love messing around with the physics gun, extremely goofy, definitely will play more.
Just. PLEASE replace the creepypasta emoji with something better cause it turned me off initially until I saw some videos playing the game.
A very fun game to play with friends.
Jeu super On passe de super moments. J'adorerais de nouveaux cadres aussi sombre que ceux ( on cherche des gens pour jouer de temps autres ) :d
made me blow up
fun as hell with friends
)
FENA O KURU KAFANI ANASINI
bla bla bla
ble ble ble
blu blu blu
ha blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu
lu lu lu
lingan guli guli wata lingangoo lingangoo
lingan guli guli wata lingangoo lingangoo
lingan guli guli wata lingangoo lingangoo
lingan guli guli wata lingangoo lingangoo
funi eyes
ESSE JOGO PERFEITO PARA JOGAR COM AMIGOS
Ara girip Lethal Company belirli haritalarda istenen miktarda para hayatta kalmaya bir oyun. neyin bilmeden gerilerek da, oyundaki bu yerini kahkahalar :D
sonra yerden yere vurmak olsun, haritadaki oyuna etkisi olsun, olsun baya zevk bir ekibiniz varsa gereken oyunlardan biri.
repo
it supposed to have global server, i don't have any friend.
NEEDS MULTIPLAYER! OR MORE GAME MODES. SUCH A GREAT GAME DONT LET IT DIEEEEEEE
All these people saying its like lethal.its not.
This is however a lot like deep rock galatic.
Great game, needs better matchmaking for times your friends dont wanna play.
They are already working on more maps monsters and other things so no worries there.
Stop comparing it to the other "main stream" games. Just because its 4 players with a extract and grainy graphics doesnt make it the same. I guess its just like Phasmophobia too right? XD
ni gem bikin mood gwe naek lagi, mangtab/.
R.E.P.O.
-
-
- -2000
-
-
10 3
1600 -
10 10 <3
The game is amazing, super fun with friends & a real challenge alone when you get to higher levels. Truly I've been having a blast! ^
Gra sztywna ale kurwy z bindami
Super drze tam pizde
Very smiliar game to Lethal Company. Liking the design and gameplay, can recommend to try out :)
lovely game
bardzo fajna gra typ po zastrzeleniu mi 3 plemnika i owy plemnik mnie pod
i love the general gameplay its not easy its harder every level
All my saved files suddenly gone. Replaced with other users saved file which is not mine in the first place.
Fun
focking nice game
Fozza naboli
yes
definitely a fun game but the best part are the freinds you make play with you
just as good as 69.
500
Si buscas un juego de terror cooperativo divertido y lleno de R.E.P.O. es una gran y hasta cinco amigos que recuperar objetos valiosos en lugares oscuros mientras evitan criaturas aterradoras. La realista y la de sigilo hacen que cada partida sea emocionante y diferente.
very gigma
goioasdfasddg
1
a good amount of horror in my opinion (as someone who doesn't play horror games), great mechanics, and super fun to play with friends on a discord video call
pls make it so you can play with random people becouse i have no friends that play or own r.e.p.o
The Hunter isnt actually blind.
independente dos objetivos de cada nunca ri tanto em um jogo com amigos como em REPO, vai rir doer a Super recomendo
Perfecto para pasar un buen rato llenos de risas y angustias y de
very scary game
This game reminds me of a company that's pretty lethal
I also hate babies more than ever now
SI
hay
Bom.
very fun, better with friends, at the moment its a 8/10 but with more content to come i can see this game becoming a 10!
PEAK
Best Horror game of the century
i feel like i die inside more and more for every time i play but its worth it, as its funny
CHICKEN JOCKEY
-
-
10 10
> Friend A.F.K
> Is colleting shit
> Hears the old guy with shotgun
> Has an idea
> Moves behind A.F.K friend
> Starts blasting music
> Old guy tries to shoot me trough my friend
> Friend dies
>Me hapy
> Get's killed right after by gnomes
10/10
10 10
Fun
gra sama w sobie zajebista ale ze znajomymi jest o wiele lepsza i zabawniejsza, polecam kupic ta wykurwista gre.
great
A mi, el juego me ha parecido muy chulo, sobre todo por el estilo de terror y el ambiente un poco mas pixelado de lo normal. Y por ultimo los sonidos como el eco o los pasos tambien estan muy bien logrados.
i love how silly this game is, its so scary, I love the unique monsters and omg is it always terrifying going back to the truck to leave only to have THREE Bowties or one time even TWO BLIND HUNTERS? Sooo much fun!
Marmok
Linganguliguliwathalingangu
GOOD
Really fun co-op game, it has a really nice vibe and detail to it and I would definitely recommend! Although I would change the difficulty system, as you become almost unstoppable after getting enough strength and life updates.
Gang denkt die Gegner sind ihre enemies, aber sie wissen nicht das ich es bin
it is a good game and it's easy and makes funny moments
Very
i can say skibbity toilet with robotic voice, is epic
REPO is an absolute blast to play with friends. Some may say its similar to Lethal Company and Content Warning, but I feel like it's different in it's own way and definitely worth giving a try. The game is currently in early access but I really look forward to them adding more maps, monsters, items, and possible lore.
Mamut raxal
Ling gang goolie goolie gooolie WATA ling gan gooo ling gan gooo
Love the combination and balance between horror and comedy - it's lots of fun to play with friends. ^.^
very funny
Bien marrant avec des copains ,je l'ai lethal compagnie qui est dans le style ,mais globalement c'est pas un jeu auquel on joue tous les jours car il y a pas de progression durable ,mais c'est rigolo avec de bon pote de temps en temps (pour moi c'est un jeu de discorde entre pote comme Among us ,lethal et tous les petits jeux comme
the baby hand monster scared the hell out of me 10/10
its so fucking good
Dang I'm small i put some dudes in the toilet
1
bombe
ACHETE
oi oi oi bobrito bandito?
la hostia
BEST KNOWN STEAM GAME EVER, atleast in the horror multiplayer genre. beautiful, I love screaming with my friends, and trying to get passed my last score is so fun! Love the
Please check the bug. after my laptop update the windows just suddenly the game couldn't start. like after clicking host and create new and click yes it seems it wont response after clicking yes multiple times it wont create a room or even just creating a single player game it wont create even clicking yes multiple times. i try to join but every time i did that the other player stuck on the loading screen while I already in the room playing but if close the game they can enter the game. we try it multiple times. please check it. i enjoy playing this game when i borrow my friends laptop so i buy it but after buying it i can't play the games after the update of my windows. please help me
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
i really love this game
fun game
ES MUY DIVERTIDO SOBRE TODO CON AMIGOS
IT'S VERY FUN, ESPECIALLY WITH FRIENDS
50
I am really enjoying this game. A lot of fun for friends and the replay ability is endless. Looking forward to seeing what else they add to the game. For being early access it is so well polished. Nice job semiwork, more like fantasticwork. Collect valuables, stay alive. John WIck 10/10 Recommends. No dogs were harmed in the making of this game.
- 20
Goat
falta sexo
42
42! 42!
42!
42! 42!
42! 42!
42!
42! 42!
42!
42! 42!
42!
42! 42!
42!
42 (42!)
42
42! 42!
42!
42! 42!
42! 42!
42!
42! 42!
42!
42! 42!
42!
42! 42!
42!
42! 42! 42!
gayyyy
Can't play with randoms
A;SKF;LKSFLLXCZ
yo ts fire cuh
500 tl olsa bile almaya ile en iyi oyun olabilir benim son olarak nakliyat iyi diler
=
-Baixei o jogo
-Entrei com mais 5 amigos
-Todos eles foram altamente molestados por diferentes monstros
-Revivi meus amigos
-Eles me abandonaram
-No proximo round joguei eles para os gnomos
-Os gnomos mataram eles
10/10
Very solid game, mechanics are good and while i feel maybe enemies could be a tiny bit more forgiving, the big red guy in particular, everything feels great, its easy to get upgrades and is so much fun, especially with the physics, I recommend this if you have a friend group that will actually play for more than 2 hours and can actually bother with trying to complete the objective in the slightest
Best Fun game to play with friends
10 xD
10 / 10
muito bom
Tirando o fato de eu perder 3 amigos porque eles sao incopetentes e nao conseguem parar de quebrar os objetos
unglaublich witzig und gut,
Es ist spannend und auch gruselig aber meistens lachen wir uns Kaputt.
Absolute Empfehlung von mir
very good game, would recommend
repo
fajna gra, polecam
10/10 fun game
"-_-
good af
I think the game is very good but I think it would be even better if you had a custom game where you can set which monsters there are
A GIGANTE, NA-
KBOMM
KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
jogo perfeito
QUE RIKO APRIETAS CHINO!
Its a fun game when you have friends, the typing chat is amazing, and the monster can be quite annoying, but the most annoying part is your friends. Apart of the black mantel annoyance. Its a fantastisc game! I love sacraficing my friends so I can survive
LETHAL ON CRACK
Risas aseguradas con tus amigos.
fun\
Can throw my friends at monsters 15/10
Bought the game for 5 people so far. It would be nice to have a package deal to get it for multiple friends
Det ett roligt spel att spela med jag rekomederar att det
I Like this game very much, its something brand new and fresh and is fun to play with friends, the only downside is their isn't any online queue matchmaking but the game is so ominous that you don't know whats lurking behind a door and the shadows, and the players are funny as hell, 10/10 game and is extremely underrated
w
You can pick up your friends, and just spin them around. Great game
amogus
is this android logo?
every bad review is:
- a joke
- rage bait
- people who are too lazy/dumb to inform themselves over the state of the game and what the developers have planned for the future
fajna gra
by far the best game i've played with friends.
10 10
funny af
This game is a delightful surprise! It felt like the first time I was having actual fun in a multiplayer game in ages. Me and my friends were already bursting in laughter in the loading screen seeing our characters react to us talking. It's weird how cozy this game feels for a horror game. It doesn't feel repetitive, the monsters are challenging and there are always new aspects of the gameplay that take us off-guard. It's such a simple concept but so well executed, especially how alive our characters feel. I cannot recommend it enough!
good game i like although in multiplayer i get random lag spikes that get worse overtime pls fix singleplayer im good good game yes
Hi Guys,
I don't have friends on Steam to play R.E.P.O together with and so I am searching for friends and so please share your Ids of steam so I can send you a friend request and we can play together then :)
this game i really recomend if you want to have a laugh'
P.S:It is a funny horror game to play with your friends
Good
very goo
Freaky ahh ghost keeps taking me to the bedroom
kolega soundbordy, mnie do lawy, mu dietetykiem, sie przez gre.
gra fajna bo powoduje diete dla kolegi ktory wkuriwa
10 10
spooky
1. i buy game with a friend
2. i play 1st level
3.i found an expensive piano and try to pick it up but it is too heavy
4. some random fat ugly fucking child picks it up and throws it at me at mach jesus
5. i unistalll game
ddsadddddddddd
6
385
21
Dunderhumor
good
Funny even when playing alone, just kinda repetitive i wish they make it more unique maybe little side quests?
-
-
-
juste genial
Soundpad
is very nice
k
Very skibidi
Robe Robe
Very fun
please just get this game with friends
30 11 5
GREAT FUN, BLAST WITH FRIENDS, cant wait to see what the developers bring out for the full release
R.E.P.O. me parece un juego de terror cooperativo muy bien logrado, con que realmente elevan la y la en grupo. Su de sigilo y supervivencia lo hace sentir como una intensa de Lethal Company, pero con su propio estilo y personalidad.
10 IQ
;
yes i would recommend this to other player
10/10)
ovo
Got destroyed by gnomes and ducks. Also got kidnapped by a ghost with asthma. 100/10
better lethal company
i like to player it game with my friend
het is een leuk spel
had alot of fun in this game its easy to become distracted by time would love for a controller base for it
Good
A ton of fun to play with friends, a lot of genuine funny moments :)
2025
muito bom
10 10
:0 :)
4 1.
cgh
gg
360.
i like the game except for gnomes and other ones that destroy loot intentionally, i need more friends though
BLA BLA BLA BLE BLE LBE BLU BLU BLU HAP BLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLU LU LU LU LINGGANG GULIGULI GULI WATA LING GANG GU LING GANG GU LINGGANG GULI GULI GULI WATA LINGGANG GU LINGGANGU
=) 12/10
yug
An awesome way to spend the weekend with friends. REPO has become one of my favorite multiplayer titles in only some time. Despite still being in Early Access, the game features a terrific set of upgrades and items and very few bugs. The randomized monsters in each level make REPO fun, which keeps things fresh. But frankly, the best part is watching my friends fumble around the map's items and try to meet the quota in the most stupid ways possible. I cannot wait to see more maps, items and upgrades being added to the game over time. [b]Highly recommended.[/b]
10/10 Lethal Company Content Warning R.E.P.O. 2
The R.E.P.O. game has become one of the highest leaders among other games, and it's not a pity to post a post in honor of this, a wonderful fun game with humor. Personally, I recommend playing this game if you want to have fun with your friends.
you should deff buy it if you have friends
)
X2
very silly game to play with silly friends
This is just Monster Hunter's egg delivery quests.
if you want to throw your friends at monster just to piss them off, then this game is for you.
I love R.E.P.O.
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL 10/10 FUNI gam play wit fremds LOLOLOLOL
Molto simpatico per giocare in compagnia ha dato un sacco di meme divertenti alla community, queste cose fanno sempre sorridere! Spero diventi piu interessante in futuro con cose sempre nuove.
i gooned to the scary slenderman and it went everywhere, my friends also said racial slurs in chat which isn't very nice is it? Would Not Recommend.
get rotated idiot
My friend died from a duck with teeth, then watched me tea bag his head 10/10
srgabe,drghabdrtj,hkabedm
10 10 10
I'd HIGHLY recommend this game if you like playing, lethal company, or content warning. This game brings a new feature, such as having a cart, where you drop items in, bring them back to make quotas. I don't really know how to explain this game a lot, but just know that I loved it, and you can too.
Don't remember the last I laughed this loud and this much! Amazing with friends!
11 10
E
>:)
Playing with Friends, Funny.
Playing Alone? Killing the monsters? knowing you're the real monster.
Mmm, cool
This Game is soooooo much fun to play with server list mod to play with random people and do some shenanigans
forte bun jocu asta nota 9 din 10 chestia care nu imi place e ca prietini mei sunt prost cand gasesc ceva de 2000 de lei ei sparg obiectul dar imi place jocul e minunat
Berg gold game 5 stars
Retrieve, Extract and Profit
In this Operation
111 10.
es GOD (solo si tienes amigos :v)
11 10
best purchase of my life, haven't played it for that long but it's making me and my friends laugh every single time.
555
The game is fun when it works. I just had multiple runs ruined because a large item like a monster box was glitched into a doorway from enemies pushing it around. And was blocking the one and only way out after doing 4 extractions and dealing with all the hostile entities spawning on me. the box wouldnt move I had 8 strength and it would not budge I tried pushing pulling and even jumping into it to break it. but nothing helped. Other than that the game is fun to play with friends its a cool concept and system to do things. I am just very pissed off right now after dying to a stupid glitch. There was also a different run where the eye that slowly kills you when u look at it kept spawning in the room i was going into to get away from it. I would escape after getting damage dealt to me be missing about 1/3 of my health running into a different room and it kept following me all the way to the ship while trying to leave. I eventually got into the doorway of the ship with 2 health remaining and. It spawned right outside the ship (Literally right outisde the doorway)and I died. 7/10 RN. The other times I have played it 9/10. Its very fun to play with friends and mess around there's just a few glitches that happen that have pissed me off lol
very good very cheap.
Super
All in on strength
Its fun and the mechanic work amazing
i just want some head, man
- Played with friends
- Dragged heavy box object to extraction
- Baby lifted it with ease
- Proceeded to throw that damn thing at me at light speed
- I go boom
- 10/19
bv,f
10/10
great game and very fun
bobr
super spel
very fun with friends
No words.
Great game love dying much fun repo best.
Bardzo dobra gra polecam serdecznie pozdrawiam cieplutko
Ser el bicho de "android" huyendo de cabezas flotantes, ranas con cuchillos, bebes que te roban cosas y es una experiencia que recomiendo no saltarsela.
PD: p*to pato te odio
PD2: p*to ojo te odio
PD3: p*to enderman te odio
10/10 recomendado
20 20
Funny
Was given this game as a gift and have been having a blast Playing it with the crew!
Game of the year
good
+
another friendslop has hit the market, great.
You yes you!
Would you like to spend hours having the most fun time of your life with friends or alone while also paying taxes? If so this game is for you! infinite hours of fun and tomfoolery or serious Sam runs.
in short do i recommend this game? here's what i say go pay your taxes already!
if u dont have this game u a bih
this shit kinda gas
noah a bitch
pp poo poo
this game is incredible
absolutely goated
R.E.P.O.:
[list]
[*][b]R[/b]un
[*][b]E[/b]veryone
[*][b]P[/b]anic
[*][b]O[/b]pen the doors!
[/list]
Funny
Goofy ahh game
gioco davvero divertente da giocare in compagnia, se si gioca senza tryhardare molto piu funny e casual
I like it, feels like a fair field for both the player and monsters.
5
This game is probably some of the most fun I've had in a while when it comes to the "Lethal Company" vibes. The addition of everything being physics based is genius, and really makes looting the maps a lot more fun. Hits a nice mix of being unnerving and hilarious.
The enemies here are very good, all with learnable patterns and ways to combat them. There's a lot of replayability too, since there are 18 different types that are all unique (with some being more challenging than others). This game actually has stealth mechanics which is huge, really makes fighting enemies seem a lot more fair.
In terms of maps, there are currently 3 level types, with every level being procedurally generated. I've found the levels to be very fun to play through, and the areas are unique enough that it doesn't get stale too quickly. That being said, they have plans to add more in the future and I cannot wait to see that.
Overall, a very good game for the price BUT I will say this is probably the most fun with friends. It's a blast to play right now, and there is much more content planned in the future. Game also runs great, as I haven't had a single crash in almost 20 hours.
9/10 do not pick up the duck.
ATTENTION JEU DE FOU
Dites vite vos potes de le prendre (il est pas cher) et jouez-y TOUT DE SUITE
Allez hop hop hop Vraiment vaut le
goood game is soo funny
18 10
better than lethal company
13
12 10
Shout LeBron, die to shotgun, go again.
funy game
Cool game
c'est fun, c'est ludique, c'est innovant, trop hate de voir encore plus de maps, de monstres, de contenus Merci pour cette
horosho spravlyaetsya
Fun alone, even more fun with others.
gigity
I am not good at this, but I have so much fun with friends that it doesn't even matter.
That's a good game :)
GOTY Contender
Sounpad ?
bueno porque, cuando le metes mods, no te va a 30 FPS con una 4070, como cierto juego que empieza con Lethal y termina con Company.
Great game, almost didnt play it because of the stupid smiley face. it makes no sense. it has nothing to do with the game.
Way more fun than Lethal
Fun game, i can kill my friends in shop with explosives or run away from monsters and sell things.
10/10
top
Okay so after 36 hours of playing i can safely say this game is way too fun with a group of friends! between learning how to navigate the layouts and your ability to carry with out hurting your payload, you and your friends will smash some things it happens and then is followed by uncontrollable laughter 100% would tell you and your friends to get this game! WOULD HIGHLY RECOMEND TO THE DEVS TO MAKE A GIFT PACK 6 COPYS OF THE GAME FOR ONE BUYER TO HAND OUT 5 TO THERE FRIENDS AT A DISCOUNTED PRICE!
This game is buy far my favorite game to play. It fun to play with other and make friends. I would definitely Recommend this for anyone wanting to play solo or with Friends
what if the Android bot decided to collect trash? you got the premise of this game
i repo and i go AHHHH scary game 10/10
Great game!
Even though it's less than half a gigabyte in size, there are so many details that it takes a while to experience everything.
Creative maps. Weird but interesting monsters and sometimes loots with funny abilities.
5
very good
x3
Good
Hark! Attend, thou seekers of gameplay true,
In R.E.P.O, a tale of action due.
Thou art thrust into a world of great strife,
Where flesh and blood doth give way to new life.
Thy hands, once bound in mortal frame, now wield
The power of machines, where dangers are revealed.
The combat, swift, with weapons in thy grip,
A mix of sword and gun, doth sharply slip.
With every foe, thy tactics must be keen,
For strength alone doth not thy triumph mean.
The cover system, fair and deftly made,
Gives refuge the techy, cold parade.
A pause, a breath in embrace,
To plan thy moves, and keep the foe in chase.
Yet, mark this combat doth enthrall,
'Tis puzzle and choice that doth make thee call.
Thy mind, not just thy muscle, must take part,
As challenges of wit do plague thy heart.
To solve the tasks, thy skills must rise above,
And every turn demands thy careful shove.
And lo, the great beauty of this game lies here:
Thy choices, grand, thy fate shall crystal clear.
Each deed doth change the road where thou dost go,
And many paths thou mayst choose to sow.
With each decision, consequence shall show,
And bring new trials, as thou dost onward flow.
The animation doth its task fulfill,
But oft, in haste, it doth stand still.
A slight distraction, yet not all is lost,
For ambition shows at greater cost.
Thus, in the grip, thou shalt delight,
With combat fierce, and puzzles sharp in sight.
A tale of mind and skill, both bright and grand,
In world, thou dost take thy stand.
reccomend FOSHO BRO
ve
The mascot is the only bad thing about this
Pushed a golden statue across the map for over 15 minutes trying to avoid a laser frog as the last player alive - broke statue mere meters from the extract. 10/10 would push again.
DLC soundpad, 2+
10/10
11/10
8/10
15/8
i hate old shotgun man
I am a mechanical muppet, my head hinges wonderfully while i talk and scream, my friends are trying to put eachother in the toilet not knowing i put a mine in the doorway to the toilet. they will know soon.
fantastic and loads of fun, i love that all the people i like playing with most can actually be in a lobby together since it holds 6, i love that i can try to fight back against some of the enemies instead of simply hoping i escape or that they don't see me, i love that i can pick up my friends and yeet them at the enemies. i'm really looking forward to the future of this game cause the team making it seems to care so much about it. i hope it's this fun every time i play it. having tts really is a cherry on top
Muy recomendable si tienes con quien jugarlo, es muy divertido.
jbl soundpad
SIMPLY LOVELY
#REPOISBESTGAME
sgood
In this game, you can get head. That was enough to convince me.
in all seriousness though, this game is an absolute gem and deserves all of the attention it's getting. Imo, It's better with friends, and even better to sabotage said friends, because what's the fun in doing it with your enemies? Huh? "That's what she said?" Get your mind out of the gutter, man!
Best $10 I spent this year. Just buy the game already, I don't care if you're in debt, I bet you'll make tons of money finding old shit for Pawn Stars while not being ripped a new asshole by a cute lil duck. Buy it now.
That is not a request.
R.E.P.O. Semiwork
✅
R.E.P.O.
✅
R.E.P.O.
✅
❌
R.E.P.O. survival,
❌
❌
R.E.P.O.
R.E.P.O.
Love the game, but i know what happened to the middle east servers the past few days i am getting like 150+ ping before it was used to be 40-50ms the delay is way too much now, if someone knows going on or if there is a way to fix this issue kindly let me know!
I won't play this game again unless the duck and rugrat baby are removed. Absolutely ruins it for me.
+rep
Locura total, casi dejo de tener amigos pero es una experiencia para sacar lo mejor de tus amigos como equipo y lo peor, aveces se les desea la muerte pero de varios stages completados y mucho pelo perdido puedo decir que es un juegazo totalmente recomendado solo si tienen amigos que esten bien de la cabeza (no es mi caso)
super fun def worth $10
Ik vind dit een hele leuke spel! Ik heb alleen 3 keer al in mijn broek geplast door een guy met een gun. 10 euro is best goedkoop voor zon leuk spel! 5.1/5 sterren
I dont like that guy
please carry me
the cube
bi 20 30 saat
a casual and silly experience that's sure to make you lol and even rofl
fun with friends, amazing game.
Amazing game must play with friends
also amazing even when its single player
this game is so good, I wish physics were real
If ever wondered what like to be a haunted IKEA employee, R.E.P.O. is the game for you. This cooperative horror game throws you and your friends into spooky locations, tasks you with retrieving valuable items, and lets physics do its best to make sure you fail in the most hilarious ways possible.
Gameplay A Masterclass in Chaos
The core mechanic is simple: grab stuff, carry it back, die. Easy, right? Wrong. Because every object in R.E.P.O. obeys real-world physics, expect to spend half your time fighting the environment. Need to carry a grandfather clock? Congrats, it now controls your entire life. Trying to move a fragile vase? Hope you enjoy watching it shatter in slow motion as you accidentally trip over your robotic leg.
And then there are the unpredictable, and somehow less terrifying than the fact that you just wedged a grand piano in a doorway and trapped your whole team inside.
Multiplayer Madness Friendship Destroyer 3000
Communication is key in R.E.P.O., which means you and your friends will yell at each other more than a group of lost tourists arguing over a GPS signal. The proximity voice chat adds a great touch of realism, but it also means hear your panic-stricken last words before they get dragged away by some shadowy something like:
DROP THE [static]
Expect moments of brilliance followed immediately by absolute disaster. One second, your squad is working like a well-oiled machine; the next, someone knocks over a shelf, alerts a monster, and suddenly, your "well-oiled machine" is on fire and screaming.
Graphics & Atmosphere The Calm Before the Dumb
The game does a fantastic job setting up a creepy vibe. Dark hallways, eerie sound design, and the ever-present feeling that something is watching you. But honestly, the scariest thing the knowing that your friend, who has the hand-eye coordination of a potato, is about to try carrying a priceless antique mirror down a flight of stairs.
Final Verdict
R.E.P.O. is a perfect mix of horror and comedy, intentionally or not. If you love chaotic teamwork, unexpected failures, and watching your friends panic as they fumble a couch out of a haunted house, this game is for you. If you prefer a serious horror maybe stick to something with fewer physics-based disasters.
Rating: 8.5/10 Would absolutely drop a $10,000 vase again.
11/10
Amazing game! Go get funnnnnnn ()_/
ts pmo friendslopmaxxing fr ong nocap nae nae dab
beep boop beep boop
join me
friends explode
things break
blame friends
kill friends
die without friends knowing
lying to friends
go play now its great (ive also lost my first born from this game)
400
-
-
Fun ah game fr
id rather being playing lethal company but this game is very cool, fuck you toasty
Jeu qui l'air fun, malheureusement pas de salon public rejoindre ce qui peut assez handicapant quand on a pas d'amis qui ont le jeu. Merci de proposer cette option serait encore mieux
Honestly, The first horror "do something and extract" (I have no idea what your supposed to call this genre, Lethal-like? Survival Looter? Capitalism?) I honestly can't get enough of. Don't get me wrong, Lethal Company and Content Warning are both great and fun, but, something about R.E.P.O. fires the neurons in my brain.
The best way to explain this game, is to quote a moment I had with it.
"Don't bother sending out a amber alert." after me and the boys, body slammed a literally child over and over again for grabbing the diamond we just found, and throwing into the jaw of the resident woman of the group.
This game has nothing going for it, literally any other co-op game from the last 10+ years has more going on. I don't understand the appeal at all outside of streamer bait, the allegedly positive reaction this game has garnered is honestly mind-blowing.
If I could refund it, I would.
public servers plz no more p2p
-
-
VERY COOL! JACOOOL!
Got 360 no scoped by a blind man.
I can't believe how much I hate this game. The concept is so messed up, and the mechanics are beyond frustrating. honestly fuming right now. Why does the blind guy keep shooting me instead of the damn duck?! Every time, I try to focus, and he ends up killing me instead of doing what supposed to the duck. This entire game is a joke.
And even get me started on that stupid duck! I hate that damn duck with a passion. It taunts you, impossible to hit, and the whole thing just makes me want to throw my controller at the screen. I know who thought this would be fun, but absolutely NOT.
I have never been so frustrated with a game in my life. The mechanics are a mess, the gameplay is boring, and the controls are wonky. literally no enjoyment to be had here. If you value your sanity, stay away from R.E.P.O. Trust me, be better off.
ZERO stars.
Haven't laughed this hard in years
11 10
fuck the duck
Muy buen juego
soundboard the game
JBL
the BEST GAME EVER! should definitely think about adding a multiplayer to where other (Random people Could join as well
h
So fucking good
Divertido
180 15 5
bueno
tem fdp nesse jogo,
skibidi gamne yaaaaa
10 10
I have been playing video games of all genres since 2000 and no game has ever even come close to making me laugh as hard as this game has. Me and my friends were in actual tears on one of our runs simply a blast of a game. F* gnomes.
too fun
7
100% recommend this game, Go buy it while it's on Early Access
GOTYYYYY nunca me tanto, recomendado 100%
This is an absolutely great game to play with friends for a cheap price of $10. The enjoyment in this game comes from when you and your friends mess things up or even when you screw over some of your own friends, and this is very enjoyable when it is a mutual agreement that you all will be doing this to each other (just don't do it too much). This is possible because of the physics and odd ways you will pick things up. There are also a lot of small little funny gameplay mechanics that genuinely make a difference in how you approach in the act of fulfilling the objective, working with your friends, and messing with your friends. And here is my hot take for this review. I think this game is already better than "Lethal Company". Both of these games are very fun, but I think "R.E.P.O." is just better.
IMPORTANT: The best way to have the most fun in this game is to not take the game seriously and actively find creative ways to play the game.
JOUEZ Y
it i good
insanely fun.
don't trust whoever has the gun.
Ich liebe dieses Game, meiner Meinung nach ist es das beste Coop-Game was es jemals gab. Die soundeffects sind so gut gemacht.
Why is there no
do you guys having plans for creating a public sever for the Game? its a lot fun though it would be fun if there's a public sever for to join someone's else's sever's and also keep the good work guys it was really amazing and fun
Best game in this category so far, beating out Headliners, Lethal Company and Content Warning easily
R.E.P.O. Lethal Company Content Warning 2
9/10
- Walked into a mansion with a friend and 3 divorced dads.
- Found a dog statue worth like 40K.
- A deformed clown charged at us shooting lasers from his floppy nose.
- All of this whilst Don Pollo screamed "Blah blah blah, bleh bleh bleh!" in my ear canal.
We all died.
Would recommend.
I would recomend this game to all you just want to troll they're friends, get scared, or if they want to test out this amazing Lethal company clone. Honestly this game could be a good game of the year cannidate it's even better than lethal company too.
Sounpad JBL 146%.
11 10.
goty
1
good game
ist lustig
El juego que puede llegar a revivir el hype de among us en su momento, hasta que te lo mastericez y te aburras, pero es muy divertido. Vale la pena gastar los 6 usd
money
Je trouve le jeu super, en groupe des barres de rire, je trouve juste dommage que les monstres ne pas en fonction du bruit de notre voix
better stronger smarter and nigger
20 40 40 8
This game is the most erotic thing I've seen since that video of a glass bottle shattering in some dude's asshole
[h1] [/h1]
Works
like
I threw my best friend into a furnace not realising it actually dealt damage
AAA Game, 100% recommend
Fun, scary, and cool thematic for the game, would recommend!
slay
it is fun
awesome sauce (trust get this game) you will make alot of memories in this game
ta bueno
Funny gypsy androids
yes
fun
HILARIOUSLY chaotic 20/10 recommend
It got the good vibes
20
This game is hilarious. Experience the feeling of death by laughter, sheer extreme horror by things you didn't expect to kill you, predict your own death and experience it first hand. Every single choice you make has consequences, from the damage you do to an item, the part of a map you walk on when something might wanna touch ya. Good stuff.
10 10
tumble launch
Mindless fun for all as a squad
Juego espectacular, si no queda quieto y los desarrolladores le dan importancia a crear mas mapas, mejorar mas los equipos, mejorar mapa, expandir mas monstruos y niveles, puede ser un gran juego a largo plazo
Funny and sneaky like.
GAME GOOD GOOD GAME
r
Thank you kuya jam!
Pongan mas opciones para bajar los por favor
Im saying yes but only if they add some sort of matchmaking. I don't have enough mates on my schedule to play often!
33 Kame Yu 11
fumn
Love it
god
Please make the game a little cheaper then people would consider buying it more ITS A GOOD ASS GAME
imba
game is hard as fuck, you want to get past level 3, good fucking luck
Other than @susanfromHR sucking at this game its great.
9/10
Repo
Funny goofy silly funny funny haha good game
comedy that writes itself
a great game to play with friends
i have never wanted to smack my mates with a fry pan so fucking much. 10/10 i can smack them with a fry pan now
My Friends Always Throwing Me to Entity!
goty
naughty game i like it
best part of this game was when someone i played with dropped 25.6k in to a pit and also killed the host by pushing them in the same pit 10/10 will repo again
A genuinely fun game. Like lethal company, but a little more casual and easier to play. Plus, the devs are the guys from ThunderHumor. They are the reason my sense humor is broken today. Buy this game today, and screech into the mic with your friends/abuse the TTS.
Funny ass hell with friends
prettyn funny
Thanks to DeadSquirrel, Kyle, H2O Delirious, Cartoonz, and Anthony I got hooked on watching all their R.E.P.O. streams multiple times, then decided to join Steam so I could play too! So /far I'm loving it and got some of my family members to also get R.E.P.O. and group play.
No frends?
i was about to revive two teamates and a rugrat came and destroyed all of my valubles so that i couldnt. 10/10.
R E P O
its fun but it may make u want to throw ur friends against a wall
[b] [/b]
30
ebatsa v sraku
repo
It's a really fun game, but I wish there was some sort of saving, leveling, and/or progression involved where we didn't have to start at the beginning after every wipe. Also, achievements outside of just reaching the quota of each level would be nice.
Good with friends!
peak
i cant stop playing
awesome sauce if you have friends
Even with this game having just been released and being somewhat barebones compared to the developers' final vision for it, there's already a lot to see here and it's hilariously fun with friends. The developers have commented on this and said they aren't going to consider it until the game is finished, but this game would be incredible in VR, the mechanics are so perfect for it. I know they aren't going to, but if they considered making that a priority, it could be huge
An Amazing game, worth all its hype
Great game, only really fun with friends.
muy bueno
gave the homie a landmine swirly, killing us both
BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAKA
T'e Big funny game with friends
zbs
I like this game very much and im addicted to
W game
cart
funny proximity voicechat games just got it 3 days ago and i cant stop playing it
love this game.
10 10
good play
Game funny but kinda sucks you can only play with your friends and not open lobbies :/
Simple and Fun, nice game to fool around with friends and also does what it's great at: Comedic Horror! Just wish there was cosmetics though. would like the crown all the time. lol
I will eat my shoe if this doesn't win Game of the Year 2025.
Does any more really need to be said? Just play the damn game. There's so much charm in this indie gem. And it's much more than a Lethal Company clone.
Perfect for you and your friends!
its stupid that people hate the emoji mascot because its "brain rot". like, you could be right, but once we know more about tax man, this topic will never be brought up again.
this game has a lot of charm and replayability, not mention a lot of fun when you use the bigger lobbies mod. the devs are always looking at feedback, which could make this game the most active indie game of 2025
funnny but wheres andreas?
T for chat
very fun game for the highest, to the lowest experienced gamerz, invite everyone, enjoyed best w/ friends & family
22
<3
when the yes on the big on the go and on the yes big now later now big jenny on the yes? so good at the sigma jooce bockses?
mmm yummy stealing upgrades from my friends mmmmmmm
180/10
sex is aloud
Very fun hjuiowrgefibhuojhuopgrhejb;obhjugregbyuipebipohugreewgwer
Kinda like lethal company but less scary and more fun with friends.
the best one
Pretty good multiplayer game,
1/6 Killed by monster
5/6 Fell in pit
10/10 Game
CANCER
Buenardo
a really fun and cool game but a few things to note is very difficult on solo unless you get good RNG and does need even in early access some join random peoples matches like a mechanic in the join matches page that allows you to host public or private matches so that people can join
lethal company, 2 7
It is fun
FUN AWESOME LITTLE CLIP GAME
Great fun,lots of laughs. fun jump scares!
R.E.P.O. : Une Ludique Incontournable
les minutes, R.E.P.O. m'a totalement conquis Ce jeu est une excellente surprise avec un gameplay fluide, intuitif et original. Les uniques sortent clairement du lot et rendent addictive.
Graphismes & Ambiance :
Les graphismes et soigneusement plongent dans une ambiance immersive et captivante. Chaque niveau est un plaisir visuel et sonore, d'un soin particulier par les
Level Design & :
La conception des niveaux est remarquablement et intelligente. On ressent constamment l'envie de ce que le prochain De plus, la progressive permet tout type de joueur, novice ou de pleinement.
Humour & Narration :
Mention l'humour Les dialogues hilarants et les situations cocasses apportent une touche qui enrichit grandement de jeu. On ressent clairement toute la passion que de a mise dans chaque
Mon verdict :
Je recommande vivement R.E.P.O. tous les joueurs cherchant un jeu frais, et passionnant. Une superbe que vous ne regretterez pas
peak except logan is a gronk
pog
Acabo de probar R.E.P.O. y tengo que decir que me bastante. Al principio no esperar, pero me El juego tiene una oscura que te atrapa, y aunque la historia no es supercompleja, me hizo querer seguir jugando para ver pasa. La jugabilidad bastante bien, los combates no son demasiado complicados, pero te mantienen alerta, y los acertijos me parecieron divertidos. Los bastante cuidados, sobre todo las ambientaciones, que le dan un toque Para ser un juego indie, lo de lo que pensaba. Perfecto para pasar un buen rato sin complicarte demasiado.
s cary as a cassowary
I became retarded person after playing this game with my friend
Got 180'd by a blind man. Only other person that's happened to was Stevie Wonder's partner at the Diddy party.
blah blah blah bleh bleh bleh blu blu blu. HAH BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU
lingang guli guli guli guata lingganggu linganggu
lingang guli guli guli guata lingganggu linganggu
I LOVE REPO! JUST LIKE LETHAL COMPANY ITS SO DANG FUN. I CAN GO ON FOR 6 DANG HOURS AND NOT GET BORED (literally how long I played last time) I LOVE GOOFING AROUND SO MUCH I HOPE WHOEVER HAS THIS ON THEIR WISHLIST GETS IT
the shotgun guy should lowkey use his shotgun on himself
very good
this game is really fun to play with friends and is definitally worth the 10 dollars. U will create unforgetable memories.
le jeu est juste incroyable sur avec des amis
buen juego, divertido y aterrador
FUNNY
Crashes my wifi
SIGMA MAKS PIDORAS
FHJG
Po prostu gra jest Samemu nie polecan ale ze znajomymi t9 jest peak experience
GOTY worthy
This game is funny as hell. But the mechanics are janky and a lot of the time, the game feels like it is asking way too much from you. Especially with how the enemies like to camp.
very fun
dove into my friends got flung by a baseball bat 10/10
fijo en mas de una ocasion te vas a cagar de la risa no importa la situacion. es bellisimo
Juegazo.
that damn floating head.
Improves on a handful of QOL issues found in more lethal entries in this genre. Enough randomness to generate hilarity for parties of any size (1-6 or more with third-party modding). It may just be this month's friendgame but at $10 ($8 at launch sale), it is absolutely worth it.
GAME IS AWESOME! they should add random objects around the map to pick up for more fun stuff
I watched my friend get shot by the huntsman, and his head roll into the extraction as it closed, get revived, and than instantly shot again by huntsman. 10/10 game would recommend.
good
"streamer bait" blah blah blah whatever, even if it is it's fun asf even solo is surprisingly fun to play and just vibe to.
Better than Lethal Company
Point: Playing Repo is a rewarding experience because it offers a unique and immersive gameplay experience that challenges strategic thinking and decision-making skills.
Evidence: Unlike many other games in its genre, Repo combines fast-paced action with strategic depth, requiring players to carefully plan their moves while reacting to unexpected challenges. The mechanics involve reclaiming assets, evading obstacles, and managing limited resources, which keeps players engaged and constantly thinking ahead. Additionally, the game features a variety of levels and missions that progressively increase in difficulty, ensuring that players are always faced with new and exciting challenges.
Explanation: This combination of strategy and action makes Repo appealing to both casual and hardcore gamers. Players must learn how to balance risk and reward, make split-second decisions, and adapt to changing situations, which enhances their critical thinking and problem-solving skills. The dynamic environment and engaging mechanics create a sense of urgency and excitement that keeps players coming back for more. Furthermore, Repo encourages replayability by offering multiple approaches to completing missions, allowing players to experiment with different strategies and refine their skills.
Link: Overall, Repo is a game that stands out due to its engaging mechanics, strategic depth, and high replay value. Whether you're looking for an exciting challenge or a game that pushes your decision-making abilities, Repo provides an unforgettable gaming experience. For these reasons, anyone who enjoys strategy-based action games should definitely consider playing Repo.
Play this or else.
funny grame
IM CRYING ITS SO MUCH FUN
Funny bot game makes me excrete!
- Entro a una sala random de R.E.P.O
- Inicia la ronda
- Voy por un jarron para completar la cuota
- Pasan corriendo y se estrellan contra este
- Reproducen un audio random.
Juegazo. Muy gracioso y adictivo. 10/10
will fall off in a couple months just like every other LC spinoff
fun horror
Great game genuinely
I love this game, but i also hate this game. lol. It is a great game, very addicting. making you crave for more. but when you die. ohhhhh so frustrating. yet soo funny. My daughter and I play this everyday. games are how we bond over our distance, but this game draws us ever so closer together. Great game! Thank you for making one frustrating with the Gnomes. and the baby. yet fun to toss them around at the bliind guy with the gun. hahaha. Look forward to more updates and watching it grow.
Very good. Very difficult, but fun. Amazing with friends. Wish there was an online multiplayer for playing with random people, but that's my only issue. Excited to see more content!
Fun game, pretty scary
this game is just a more frustrating lethal company. its fun and hilarious but the game is too hard. the qouta is too high on early levels not to mention theres two of them. enemies spawn way to quickly allowing no breathing room. they are all one shot enemies. theres no strategy to them besides hiding. they also are not unique
Add random queue and ill buy it again not everyone has friends.
5 hours felt like 1
bastante recomendado
Shake the baby, very hard
enjoyed the game so much i bought it 5 times
very fun with friends :3
Funnier, faster paced version of Lethal Company where you play as emoting eggs with legs.
i hate the baby
1
bruh
BEST GAME EVEEEEERRRR!
I enjoy playing this game with my friends.
repo
SO FUN! love the art style and concept so much!
perfecto para jugar con amigos las risas no faltan
nice
It's good
If i could hire these robots to move my furniture the next time i move i would.
watched a blind man with a firearm blow my friend into smithereens after his smoke alarm beeped through the mic 10/10
very good game i recommend. sorta scary but good vibes <3
Juegazo, con los mods y los amigos, unas buenas risas
WENISIMO
a fun and funny game ty for makeing it XD
now i don't know the enemies of this is so so annoying :(
INCROYABLE XD
hell yeah
So fun!
moi boeno
Es demasiado chistoso
great game, play it with friends to make core memories
GOD FUCKING DAMNIT
this game is really fun, in single player and multiplayer. just fucking around is extremely fun with friends and becoming super strong and fast in single player is also really fun. fuck that stupid as baby, those stupid as gnomes, and that fuck ass duck. good game 9/10.
muy bueno
GOOD
great game lol excited for updates :)
Not a bad game, had a lot of fun playing solo and even more fun with online friends!
Banger game
Robe is my cutie
so fucking funny
nice
simple and fun
repo
Just like as Lethal Company and Content Warning. The game is off to a great start, lots of enemies, items, map variations, and more. For now, I recommend this game in the hopes that, unlike the LC and CW developers, the developers of R.E.P.O. will keep constant updates for their game. If the updates with new maps and enemies aren't constant, then you'll get bored after a week or two. But again, for now, I highly recommend it :]
bien momerito
scary funny cool
love the game AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH shotgunnnnnnnnnn
esta bueno
fun
Really joyable game
Buen juego
Absolute cinema
There will be nothing funnier than hearing your friend run in front of you while being chased by a monster. Proximity voice is the best thing in existence
WOAHHHHH. THIS GAME IS TOATS FUN! >O<!
*
you can write nigger in chat
CHAVALES ESTE JUEGO ES UN CAGUE DE RISA JUGUENLO. NO TIENE COMPARACION ALGUNA CON LETHAL COMPANY ES MUCHISIMO MEJOR. EL QUE LEE ESTO LE GUSTA EL PICO
I FUCKING LOVE THIS GAME
if lethal company was good
ta pipupipu1
Puro chambear y detonar vainas, 100/10
This game and Steam Soundpad might be a better duo than me and bro lmaoooo
yes
JUEGAZO para estar con amigos y cagarte de risa (y miedo)
Apparently plates are worth more than gold crowns. This games understanding of elementary economic concepts truly baffles me. How is a crystal made of pure energy cost less than a rubber hammer. Great Game!
yeah
hi iim snapple
:D
Basic game overview: find fragile loot, survive scary monsters, progress and level up, and most importantly, share in dumb-ass moments with your friends and/or strangers. Similar to the game "Lethal Company" you traverse strange diverse maps, yet all in common containing the monsters of a nightmare, good luck because 100 health is not enough to safe your soul. Enjoy this amazing early access game, you won't regret it.
(All 7 hours at this time were played in 1 day if that helps get a grasp on this games significance)
ES CINE ESTE JUEGAZO. La dificultad ira aumentando con la cantidad de enemigos que aparecen, en conjunto con la variabilidad de estos mismos, es un juego muy recomendable para jugar tanto con amigos como por si solo
game funny scary too
gun
tuff
if this game is not game of the year next year imma be so mad
very fun to play with a group of friends who both suck at the game and don't take it seriously
HELLOOOOOOOOOOO ROBOTS!
Encountered a bug where 2/3 players couldn't open a door but push the cart through thus ending our run.
Game is also very RNG based as you can load into levels with little to no loot or have a monster that can 1 shot you outside the starting room.
Once you reach the third level it's not uncommon for there to be multiple enemies in the first room.
Better than Lethal Company but can't recommend if you're looking for a game you can reliably get through.
juego piola
good
this is in fact a game.
its stupidly fun lol
strong
Frustrating that you can't rejoin when someone disconnects. The having to leave and go back to the save is super inefficient.
Me gusto mucho, sin problemas logro vencer al Lethal.
YES
A blast with friends
love everythang
More fun version of lethal company
you know i want make a map for this liek a sewer, Mirror House, or like a big clown house i like the game there should also be a invincible mark suit and the player should be able to you should be able to buy hats or like outfits ill give some photos of me making the outfits
great
Short of not having a lot of maps, this doesn't feel like an early access game. It's worth the price as it is. Which means it can only get better.
it's good
10/10 would watch teammate drop $40,000 statue down the stairs and break it right next to the extraction point while I laugh until I cry again.
THIS GAME IS ELITE, EVERYONE SHOULD BUY THIS GAME <3 :)
So fun to play with friends and even bond over it with random people, I've made more friends with this game
me gusta tirarme pedos cuando hablo
Really fun game and always more fun with friends. It is hard to get the hang of it at first but after a bit its easy to get the controls and game style down.
Bee Dou
i love repo :3
its great with friends as long as u are funny people and it has a amazing team and comunnity
good game
repossession
fun
spoko gra, ale kolega mnie w kiblu
fuNN
GOD GODINES
Muy entretenido para jugar con amigos, aunque es para mas de 3 personas porque con dos se hace poco para explorar
Just make sure to have some friend and this might be the best game of the year
This game is so scary but it's so fun! I highly recommend this game! If you like horror games, this is the game for you!
good
mucho tiempo no nos en un juego durante tanto tiempo entre mi grupo de amigos, 12309821% recomendado
Fun game with hilarious moments bur the mascot has to go.
Buggy and filled with soft locks. Game code feels like it doesn't function correctly at times. Console commands would be nice to fix constant issues. Game is fun tho
180
lethal company but fully 100% goofy.
mascot sucks. replace it.
queria ter amigos pra jogar cmg
The emoji mascot scares me
actually never laughed this hard at a game
confie em ninguem.
silly
muito bom e
game gud
fun game there's also a discord server full of people to play with if you don't have anyone to play with
massa dms
ta chido
bepo
Lo que me gusta es que puedes revivir a tus le da un plus + para no tener que esperar a termianar toda la partida
jogo muito divertido pra jogar com os amigos, mal posso esperar pra chegar novas e novos
incredibly funny
Pretty fun with friends
fun
ta chistoso
best game of the year
one of the best games on steam so far
so "( :D"
The tutorial doesn't explain shit but basic movements. Have died 20 times straight in just a few minutes of playing SO FRUSTRATING!
This game is great silly fun and yar its basically a Lethal Company clone but different in a decent enough way to be worth the money. Have enjoyed every session i have had with friends.
dog shit
Really fun (and silly) game. The physics mechanics take a bit to get used to, but overall 10/10.
FUCK THIS GAME
amazing friend gameee
los pobres de mis amigos no tiene ni un peso
great game. floating head dancing to funkytown.
looney tunes ass lethal company game
the best game ever
Bought it because I wanted to see what the flavor of the month was all about and it looked entertaining enough. Was overjoyed to find out that earlier in March they disabled the ability to play with randoms because hackers were causing problems. Instead of giving a votekick option, or literally anything else, they decided to just fuck everyone over and make it friend only. Part of the fun of games like this is playing with randoms who bring different energy to a match each time, but I digress. The inability to play with goofy ass randoms combined with the obvious goyslop banner really just don't do it for me, and since the devs aren't able to resolve a hacker issue without screwing the entire community in the process, I don't have high hopes for what the future of this game holds and I don't intend to stick around to find out. Buyer beware.
Actually such a fun time with friends so far. Both funny as hell and tense to balance it out
im repoing it o ma gawsh
Fun and silly co-op horror game about being little robots with South Park Canadian mouths repo-ing objects from spooky locales. Proximity voice chat with the homies is always a nice time. The game revolves around physics, from transporting goods to attacking enemies and even tossing yourself around. A lot of people might see this and go "ah another lethal company" but even the devs have stated its far from inspired, the only common goal being a co-op extraction looter horror game. But having played both, thats about it.
As of right now, the devs also do weekly devlogs and videos which is super cool. Apparently this started out awhile back as a single player experience and evolved into what it is today. Which is neato.
Really looking forward to playing the new map and seeing the new enemies and features in the future, this game has been a lot of fun and has made my sides hurt more often than not from laughing with my buddies.
Thanks REPO devs :) keep the goofiness comin
esse jogo mt bom
10
Its a really funny game you laugh so much
Este juego es divertido que pegarse un palo
made me smile smile smile
Very nice i like it with friends
yes it is very fun
FUN
Fun game to play with friends. The inclusion of voice chat and the unique design of the character models it allows for many fun moments between players. The levels while having repetitive maps always through something unique in with each visit being different types of monsters or different items it makes it feel like a unique experience each time. Great game.
Trying to stay quiet when the Old Man comes around is like trying to be quiet when the teacher yells at you and your friends to shut the hell up in class.
i giggles
genius
hace que me pique el ano cada que juego, buen juego
fun
funny and good :]
h
Game Tai
Funny, not super scary in my opinion but still a little bit, fun, and just a great quality game to play with friends when bored.
very good played R.E.P.O for 3.4 hours, i was mainly playing with the text to speech chat, while waiting for my brother to get on (he never got on) :(
Well worth the $10
Este juego es maravilloso completamente valio la pena recomendado 100%, muy divertido con amigos
this game is so much fun with friends. its so funny. i love the robots. 10/10 i haven't had this much fun in a while
repopola e ei mejo juego, incredibol bol
best game ive played on pc so far
cinema
es un juegaso si es que te apetese gritar con tus amigos un rato e insultar a tu amigo que rompe los objetos mas valiosos.
Recomendado
very fun
fun
its cool
I saw heavy breathing and was taken to the bathroom, it was then I realize it was the spirit of Diddy coming for me
Love being able to push my boyfriend around and smack him with items in the store, 10/10
a clown with a laser beam killed my whole squad while i was off looting a different room. saw their bodies. clown got me too. the clown gets everyone. the clown sees all.
but in all seriousness, having friends to play with makes this game endlessly replayable. combat is uhhhh. questionable at times. but the vibe is excellent. 8/10 in early access, hoping that some things will be smoothed out in the future.
also the text to speech adds a great oomph to lobbies
For ten bucks, and being an early access game it is pretty fricken solid so far. It definitely has room to get better, but its still super fun with friends for the price. Buy and support this game, and lets hope they keep adding to it.
I believe this is one of the most fun games I've ever played with friends. I've been playing UNMODDED ever since I got the game so that my friends and I could play online with one another. I've PREVIOUSLY left a review for a product before this AND I do believe this game has unlimited potential for those who seek it. The devs gave the PLAYERBASE an amazing game to work with and it did not disappoint. I play with around ZERO mods and every play through is unique and in depth. It can get SILLY at times especially with NO mods but it just adds to the chaos and fun that ensues. If you have friends that are on board, I totally recommend it.
Chistoso
BUENISIMO
good
Love it all
A lot of fun and the TTS is great for people who can't use mic, are insecure about voice, or just wanna goof around. Game can be downright scary at times though.
this shit had my dih bouncin
One thing I like about this game is the difficulty and fun, A lot of monsters can ruin your run, but it's hilarious seeing your friends interact/encounter said monsters. The controls are smooth and the physics based gameplay adds more challenge to the game! I recommend getting a good group of friends before downloading the game, Can't wait to see what's in store for the future of this brilliant multi-player horror-quota experience!
Attention au potes qui vole tout les items en commun pour s'upgrade seul et qui casse les diamants avant de les sortir du placard, je recommande.
bom demais
fun game a clown angler fish shot laser at me :D
gg
nada como aprender y darte cuenta que estas rodeado de idiotas, 10/10
Ts Laser dude pmo, how does he always know where I am. Not Nice
Un payaso zapatero nos tiro laser por la nariz
10/10
[u][b]R.E.P.O. Break In, Hide Out, Die Laughing[/b][/u]
You ram a car into a haunted house, yell into proximity chat, laugh until you breathe, then accidentally drop the damn vase and blame your friend for it. Probably get him killed too.
perfect.
We go in loud, die loud, and somehow still make money.
Pros:
Proximity chat chaos
Physically assault buildings with your car
You die, we laugh
duck
Cons:
duck
Someone always leaves the van running inside the building
not smart enough to play it seriously
[b]10/10 not just horror, comedy gold.[/b]
Your Gonna Laugh Your Ass Off. Just Make Sure Theres Not Monsters Nearby.
scary horror game
+
I really enjoy the game it has been a great experience, even better when playing it with friends.
Es perfectooo solo actualicen los mapas
super funny
godines
funny scary game
Fun
Absolutely love the game with friends, hopefully the Devs will add private servers settings or passwords, having randoms join a game uninvited is a bit annoying.
Wild Game.
Good fun
DIVERTIDO
i chain sawed a duck
i bought this game for some funny laughs with random people.random is not what i got.i tried to join a lobby. well that wasn't an option. it wasn't online you had to get your friends to buy the game,none of my friends bought the game. add online lobbies or random joins, i want a refund
r.e.po
Bom demais! Recomendado para 3 ou mais players para mais risadas!
This shits fire
Everyone's got an inner crackhead that shows itself when they see a spool of copper wire, gotta steal that shit for easy money.
Of all the Lethal Company clones, this one takes the cake for most entertaining.
pene rico
Insanity
Good Game
ree poo
It changed my life it has been the greatest experience of my life no words can describe it 7/10
fun times :D
es la cabra
watch out for those imps!
fun
muy cool el juego. MATEN AL PATOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
j
estaria bueno que tengaa idioma en ingles
So fucking fun
fucking hilarious
The blind old man has better aim than me 10/10
6 inches of R.E.P.O
game dajjal
r.e.p.o. grabbed items. escaped with loot. friend typed in funny chat. man with blindfold turned around and shot me because he heard a noise.
would reccomend to anyone who even has a thought of playing amazing game
Game has it all. Jump scares. Trolling. Looting. Did I mention trolling? So far we've only got to round 8 but thats not gonna stop us.
-
This game is still in a very early state so my thoughts may change in the future, but as of right now this game is absolutely hilarious and so much fun. If you're someone who likes Lethal Company and wants a game that is less scary and more funny, this is absolutely the game for you. It's a wonderful blend of Lethal Company's gameplay, GMod's physics, and Muppet-like slapstick humor and characters.
good
Super fun with friends! Cant wait to see more!
This is the sleeper game of 2025. I would have paid double the price for this. laughed more playing this than anything ever played.
Fun
buenasooo
[h1]Don't be discouraged if you play alone![/h1]
The appealing trailer showcasing players' enjoyment may attract a large audience, though some may remain skeptical. However, with perseverance, success is achievable, even for solo players or those who find themselves the last member of their group.
[h2]Patients[/h2]
Each monster and tool has its own strengths and weaknesses, so even if you die often, learning the game's mechanics is key. Furthermore, don't be discouraged if you play alone; it's the perfect opportunity to master the game's mechanics. Stealth is your best strategy.
[h3]Have fun![/h3]
It's super fun whether you're playing with a big group or solo! My friends learned from my boyfriend (who's amazing at it), and they're now way better than their usual groups they always seem to be the last ones standing and win for their teams!
[b]Don't be discouraged if you play alone.[/b] R.E.P.O. offers significant replayability. You can do it!
el mejor juego con amigos que he jugado es muyyyyyyy chistoso
most fun i've had in a game with friends for a WHILE the silly character models, perfectly timed moments, monsters having unique ways around them are few of the things that really make this game for me.
the most amazing thing though ARE THE DEVS they are so observant of the community, even with the fact this is overwhelming for them because of the large amount of support. they are so willing to communicate and listen with us, and it's honestly so rare to have that <3 really looking forward to what this game evolves into
garantida jogando com amigos.
Get swarmed by 15 gnomes in a 2 player lobby. This game needs some sort of balancing based on how many people are in the game, without at least 4 people it's essentially unplayable after level 3.
Friend slop at its best.
This game is like crack
Pee Pee Poo Poo, i make stink on you. cuz this game makes me sometimes
Melo
I love giggling when my friends get shot in the head double u double u double u double u double u
i cant wait for the segdate
goty
10/10 i dont play these types of games like lethal company but this shizz is fun if u got friends
Greatest incarnation of the torrent of sludge that came out after Lethal Company
Este juego es muy bueno es muy divertido sobre todo si se juega con amigos es muy chistoso y me gusta mucho este juego lo recomiendo 100&
Fun, funny, and always keeps you on your toes.
el mejor juego tio, me he cagao de risa ostia
great game, but it needs public matchmaking. i have friends, but i don't think they always have time or the mood to play with me all day
This game is so great for friend groups. We have such a blast. The monsters are kinda scary, but worth it. Def recommend
KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
w game
This thing's in super early access, and sometimes that shows, but this is a GREAT game. What a damn blast to have with pals. The text-to-speech is such a little cherry on top too.
I think the only thing I really don't like about the game is the damn logo. I understand that the weird smiley is like. a mask or something of the Taxman boss, but it just brings shit like the Emoji Movie to the forefront and it feels cheap and tacky? Idk. I've heard plenty of people say they only got the game and found out it was good through friends, because the logo totally threw them off (I'm one of those people lol). But if you're lucky enough to look past the logo? What a gem. I'm so excited for more maps, monsters, and shenanigans :D
0_0
hilarious and terrifying
ot was so skibbity
Really fun when playing with friends! always laughing
this game is fun, great, and fun, did i mention great. Great fun game for low price. I
good
Best game to play with your friends atm. Don't sleep on this one y'all
love game. great fun. hell yeah brother
literal peak best 10 bucks ever spent
I hate this game its just to easy and no updates
good shit
reee
Es Muy Divertido Con Amigos, Por Lo Tanto El Que Quiera Jugarlo Conmigo Que Me Ya Que Soy Solo Yo
entretenido
I recommend this game apprehensively. It is fun with friends but it is not well written in particular. The entire game is relatively based off of a physics engine that truly does not make sense and has a mind of its own. This leads to some infuriating and confusing gameplay. It was made to be fun, not to be a balanced experience.
yes
yes
sucha good game and can be sooo funny at times (beware of the blind man)
scary by ur self, fire and funny with freinds.
10/10 BANZAI
funny
super fun with friends
i like repossession
funny game
My name is Yoshikage Kira. I'm 33 years old. My house is in the northeast section of Morioh, where all the villas are, and I am not married. I work as an employee for the Kame Yu department stores, and I get home every day by 8 PM at the latest. I don't smoke, but I occasionally drink. I'm in bed by 11 PM, and make sure I get eight hours of sleep, no matter what. After having a glass of warm milk and doing about twenty minutes of stretches before going to bed, I usually have no problems sleeping until morning. Just like a baby, I wake up without any fatigue or stress in the morning. I was told there were no issues at my last check-up. I'm trying to explain that I'm a person who wishes to live a very quiet life. I take care not to trouble myself with any enemies, like winning and losing, that would cause me to lose sleep at night. That is how I deal with society, and I know that is what brings me happiness. Although, if I were to fight I wouldn't lose to anyone.
Pretty fun
graciias por existir repo, eres lo mejor del mundo. Ojala nunca te dejen de actualizar
Goated Game
Very fun game to play with family and friends. can't recommend it enough! And I look forward to new content from the devs :)
kkkk
This game is very good i cant want for the updates if you didnt watch all of the vids of the updates if you have r.e.p.o go to libary and you will find it at the top of your screen
if this game was a person, I'd let them do anything to me
you need friends unless u wanna get scared. best game of 2025 by far.
so good. so. good.
FUN I E GAME VERY GOOD PLAY WITH YOUR FRIENDS FOR A GOOD TIME AND PLAY ALONE TO PEE YOUR PANTS
Its great its scary its funny its robotic Its R.E.P.O.
me and my friends got wiped by some skull with 4 arms as legs
10/10 game
Goofy af
QUE GNOMOS FILHOS DA P
Muito bom
Mal posso esperar pra jogar dnv e n saber fica com medo dos monstros ou de cair
buenardo
I was beaten and thrown into a pit by my own friends. 10/10 experience
THIS SH1T IS FYE NIGGARD
top
its a ytp as a game, in other words peak
I LIKE IT OOPS IM IN CAPS LOCK there i fixed it
Fun-ny.
this fun
I rate this game a 9.5/10.
The extra .5 would be there if there was a higher scare factor. Within 10 minutes of a match me and my friends managed to gather up around 20k money. We decided to blow it on random items but when testing them one blew up and killed all of us. In the end it ended my first run. Peak game worth the 14 bucks
eer
this game is the greatest game i have played in a long while
peak
funny but hard you deff need friends
Its a fun multiplayer game that makes you laugh along the missions and love the fact that it has a horror aspect to it all. This game has become the game I look forward to play every friday night with friends to have a good time :)
cada partida tenes asegurado cagarte de risa, pero todavia no agregan la opcion de jugar con personas random sin antes buscar grupos por app externas (discord, discusiones de steam, etc) pero vale completamente la pena el juego
XD XD XD
bueno
This game is a complete shit hole when you are with more then 5 people. I love this game sm man
oe bir var? birlikte sikimsonik bir oyunmu ikinize bir oyun. bu oyunda hem hemde sen tambir orpscc olabilirsin. paraya
yes awseome funny yeah
Great fun! So hilarious, and scary at the same time. Great game for friends!
do NOT trust the duck. Yeet the child. do NOT trust the duck. Yeet the child. do NOT trust the duck. Yeet the child. do NOT trust the duck. Yeet the child. do NOT trust the duck. Yeet the child. do NOT trust the duck. Yeet the child. do NOT trust the duck. Yeet the child. do NOT trust the duck. Yeet the child. do NOT trust the duck. Yeet the child. do NOT trust the duck. Yeet the child. do NOT trust the duck. Yeet the child. do NOT trust the duck. Yeet the child. do NOT trust the duck. Yeet the child. do NOT trust the duck. Yeet the child.
racist alien
Great fun with friends
good game
peak
entretenido
I am interested to see what all gets added to the game. But as it stands it is such a blast with friends. I'll be in tears majority of the times I played.
fun game to play with friends
diddy
gucci approved~
a
It has a gun
bombardeen Bolivia
WORST GAME EVER I'D PLAY ANY DAY
touch the duck
is good
JUGAMOS
Friendslop
muito divertido!
Ahora odio a mis amigos, me encanta
One of the best games I've played with friends. Honestly, all the multiplayer indie games are the best multiplayer games I've ever played.
This game has made my friends hate me. Every night I hop on discord, sweating and fiending to play. I ask my friends if they want to play with me. If i see they are playing, I beg to join. I look like a lunatic. I love this game. 10/10.
SEEEEEEEEEE
Simple, rapido y entretenido. La gran muestra de que no se necesitan super graficos y 140 mil FPS para hacer un buen juego para jugar con amigos.
Good to play with retards, anyone with an IQ above 2 is not fun to play with
pra quem ta procurando um terror e pra jogar com a galera
super recomendo, compre sem medo
Juegazo, lo mejor para jugar con amigos o en solitario.
10 de 10, lo recomiendo.
The game is tricky and different every round, be careful and work together!
mamalongo
This game is by far the funniest thing. I am glad that I can play with my friends across the US. This has brought more joy than any other game I have played.
Lots of fun with friends
No tengo amigos pero igual buen juego
Juegazo, falta la sex update
Wonderful game to play with friends. Excited to see what comes out next for the game.
i was traumatized
10/10
very cool, haven't repossessed a vehicle yet
im repo'ing it
repoing it
really fun!
wtf como jugue 6 horas de golpe, pa mi esta god pa jugarlo con compas.
ta weno
Saw my brothers wife die to a baby throwing money at her 10/10 would recommend!
Bom de mais, slk compensa
bon jeux a plusieurs :)
yes
Played it since it released. One of the funniest games I've ever played. Maps change all the time so it'll never get old. Recommend someone having a stream or some sort of video capability because there are so MANY moments of stupidity.
the text to speech is hilarious
Hermoso
Jogue com seus amigos mais doentes!
game is really good reminds me of content warning and lethal company fun with family and freind but i would recomend 4-3 people fun(:
game of the year
JUEGO CULIAO BUENO
solo agreguen el oline abierto
THIS IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE GAMES OF ALL TIME. The worst part of all is that mf duck is so garbage it makes get angry asf and i want it to be removed and dont touch it and gives me nightmares. This game is a 9.7/10 i prefer buying it with ONLY friends because thats how its fun.
Play with friends to have an amazing experence
HOLA SI QUE BUEN JUEGO
GOTY
fun
i like this game because of the glitches
An absolute RIOT of a game.
Un juego de la san puta, recomiendo jugar con amigos portadores de cromosomas extras, jijear con amigos nunca fue tan trisomico, el jueguito me la pone como un fierro aguante y alma fuerte.
yes
vuk, vuk, vuk, vuk, na onda maluca
vuk, vuk, vuk, vuk, ah
vuk, vuk, vuk, vuk, na onda maluca
vuk, vuk, solta a carta, tigrinho, vai
A hilarious game to play that is perfectly playable and do-able even without another person! I got this game for me and my fiancee to play together and we've had loads of laughs and fun on it while it also provides a good challenge! I've equally had just as much fun going around by myself and seeing how far I can get on my own. This game is challenging without p*ing you off or making you rage quit- it's just silly to lose and you go again! I cannot wait to see what new things they add to this game, it already is so replay-able!
buckle up lads, its repo'n time
on peut faire de la corde a sauter avec la de notre pote que demander de plus
its great I love it
muy bueno lo recomiendoooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
it doesn't have censor.
sexo
ONE OF THE BEST GAMES IVE EVER PLAYED. this game is so fun and really fun to play with friends. It never crashed and its honestly amazing. Also dont click the duck. that mf gives me nightmares.
9/10
storybots must collect scrap due to the cancellation of their show, goes terribly wrong
This game is absolutely hilarious to play with mates! Since discovering it, the routine for me and my friends has been log on during the evening/night, grab a few beers, and just have a blast trying to survive for as long as you can.
Can't wait to see what the devs do with the game in future updates. If you have 1-5 other people to play this with, 100% would recommend!
Crap lethal clone but worse
fun, but there should be public server option!
so funny, PLAY WITH FRIENDS its so much better that way.
Good
I woke up and there were 6 canadian ( i think?) people rummaging through my home looking for valuables and breaking my stuff. i got ready to defend myself by grabbing my AR-15 but suddenly my phone rang and my bank called to tell me i was behind on my payments and they were going to reposses my loan.
Muito foda.
Nice!
It's Lethal Company but better
Lo divertido que he jugado jasjasjaj
It's a pretty fun game, highly recommend with friends, you can play singleplayer but if you get spooked easily then friends is the best way to go
si
Nothing beats crouching under a table watching as all your friends are mowed down by a disgruntled old man with a 12 gauge.
Nice
VAMOOOOOO
really funny and great with friends
god
yes
very fun
Good'
A lot of fun with friends due to the physics engine and the variety of monsters
The devs pour their hearts and souls into this game and its so worth it. i would have paid 30$
fun
Its a very fun game especially when you have friends. give it a go!
I've laughed so much at this game, it's more than likely not healthy. Shoutout to the randoms I've met who made me absolutely lose it.
nice
Games alright, from what I've played I like it!
Give it a shot if you wanna try another "friend game", pretty enjoyable.
tyrtse
BEST GAME EVER!11!11111
legal
Amongus si el impostor era jugado por la IA
Imagine a world where you had to steal stuff for fun, and then you die. 10/10
jogo bom demais
Yes
son los monitos del android peliandose con mostros que al chile si dan miedo, comprenlo
goood
funniest game to play with friends.
Troll game
Fun
love the animation the side eyes hahaha the voice chat is epic
sooo freaking peak
its like sooooooooo gooooooooooood
eselente
Really fun especially the part were I got blown up.
jogo bom. Tu se sente um filho de pai se escondendo em baixo de uma estante pra n apanhar
Bueno para pasar el rato con amigos o cagarse miedo jugando solo, a menos que le pierdas el miedo a los mobs y le agarres odio a la wawa y el pato qlo
Incredibly entertaining with friends
swas
This is a very fun game despite being a horror game. I highly recommend playing it with friends if you can't there are mods to play in a public server.
Way better and properly supported than other flavor of the week games like lethal company
verr fun
If you like lethal company you'll love this game! There are so many creepy, funny and surprising things about this game.
If your friends aren't killing you, the monsters that don't like others taking their shit sure will. The game has you salvaging anything you can grab, and converting it to fat stacks of cash to arm and upgrade yourselves, and your ability to grab more salvageable items for more fat stacks. Great party game for friends.
Absolute Banger! Extremely funny game for horror fans who are all about the shenanigans. Never a dull moment!
It's super fun to play as a family, this game is hilarious.
A game that is able to display a full potential of my gang's stupidity is 10/10.
its an allright lil game and the devs seem to have plans moving forwards
besttt game
goty
si
Awesome game to play with friends! Super fun, hilarious, scary, etc.
This game is hot cheeks.
Very fun game to enjoy with friends. We spend almost 4 hrs just straight laughing from all the shenanigans you can get up to in this game. I am excited to see all of the additions the add when the game goes into full release. Hopefully this game will make its mark on the steam community.
scargy
Its better with friends! Can freak you out, but its worth it!
super funny better than lethal condtion.
fun
I gave my friend a swirly 10/10
its rad
Game is crazy fun to play with your friend/crew.
Great game to play with friends. Just hope they add more maps!
AWESOME GAME!
gud game fun wit friend mid by self (me have no friend *sad*)
es un buen juego para jugar con amigos
bwiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiicked
y
One of the funniest coop games I've ever played; the animations are so funny, the chat feature is brilliant, and the game itself is very fun. It's simple and straightforward, with scary monsters with unique characteristics. Each round is different, with the maps generating differently. And the interactive loot is so funny! The love potion, the hourglass, etc. I hope the devs keep building on this game for a long time, because my siblings and I have had an incredible time playing, and I hope we will continue to for a long time.
es buenisimo
very funj
ahhhhhhh
funny with good friends, hell maybe even bad ones
Literally Lethal Company but garbage
funny robot guy
a much better lethal company
cethal lompany
i got gifted the game by a mate, first impression: lethal company ish? after a while of playing i can now say i love this game
my dumbass friends cannot coordinate themselves to save their lives. 10/10
fun
very fun
Eduardo
o jogo e bom nao necessariamente de terro mas e muito se jogado com amigos, a tematica e bem legal e muito diferente do jogos que costumo jogar e sempre bom jogar em grupo
Es increible jugarlo, tanto a solas como con amigos, creo que nunca antes me habia reido tanto a tales carcajadas en un juego <3
la de invertir el eje y :ccc se necesita urgente
drogas sexo e rock and roll
AMAZING
Have the most blast playing this game! Even better with friends! What I do hope is seeing some more content in future and if there will be fun achievements, maybe even cosmetics. Overall, worth getting this!
screaming n creaming ingame with homies
funy
+1
Estupidamente divertido quanto parvo e por esse preciso motivo que resulta. vale a pena jogar para ganhar, basta entrar no jogo com a tolice para rir e divertir e garantidamente ficamos viciados, jogar pela gargalhada e a ver quem consegue fazer os restantes jogadores rir mais depressa. Recomendo para mais do que 1 jogador.
Watching your friends explode while you sit there in silence so you don't blow up too, is the funniest thing ever
CE Jeu ma permis de revoir mon papa apres plus de 16ans d'absence je trouve qu'il l'on plustot bien fais en plus
vue qu'il avait une grosse bite et qu'il ma toucher je recommande vraiment le seul point faible du jeu c ce fils de pute de canard de merde vraiment je le baise lui sa mere son pere sa soeur son frere son chien sa chatte sa grandmere son grand pere et sa tante 10/10 je recommande
very skib
bla bla bla ble ble ble ahblublublu
si
meow
fun ash
Turns out the funniest thing you can add to a game is proximity chat.
Pretty fun I like running my friend over with the cart
SOOOOOO MUCH FUN, it is a great co-op or single player game, haven't had this much fun with my friends in ages and would highly recommend playing this. I can't wait to see what the developers do with this great game and hope they don't ruin it.
Best game ever, saw my friend get sent to the afterlife 10/10
very fun physics based horror game. Extremely fun solo but the most enjoyable with friends even when you're hiding from the huntsman and your partner sneezes loudly and gets you killed XD.
SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO MUCH FUN!
kanker
Honestly when my brother and his friend told me about this game I was like WTF? But is super fun and my wife even wants to play it! Definitely a good game!
A great game to play with friends, super fun and chaotic. The more people = More fun
funny af with your friends well worth the money
I love the game amazing to playn with friends and family
overall a fun and scary game!
love this but it needs control support! more people will play. half my friends are waiting because of this.
very nice :)
Sereno final boss
it plays similarly to lethal company. in some ways this feels easier than lethal company, but the appeal lies in the facial expressions and audio/mouth movements of the player avatars. it makes the game funny and you can even do tts (text to speech) that is also funny.
overall for only $10 this is a steal if you have at least one friend to play with.
yes
muito bom, diversao garantida ao jogar comm ammigos. super recomendo
funny get lots of friends
Really fun and zany game, all it needs is public servers now so I don't have to play with my one other friend who bought it
goat (like lebron but for game)
very very cool game your pretty much a tic tac
I absolutely love this game, Its the funniest game of 2025 in my opinion. the game is like lethal company and content warning but in my opinion it is funnier. However my one complaint is that It NEEDS match making, however the game is still pretty new so I am expecting it to eventually come.
g34e5regerggerg
this game cracked
[b] I like being black with my bro! [/b]
safa. pero hasta ahi nomas. la formula se gasta rapido
FANTASTIC game with many funny and creepy moments. I had a BLAST playing this game with my friend, and I highly recommend it. If you like Lethal Company, you'll DEFINITELY like this game.
interesante
funny but scary, but you will get used to it
enjoying my time here, but the things are sooo breakable that the game becomes unplayable if you break like two things. and if your object is too big to be on the platform then too bad.
I like the size mechanics and physics, but have never been a fan of character upgrades for games like these. A plus 10 to health or stamina doesn't feel noticeable, which are upgrades bought in the shop. Given that there's a lot of consequences, the things yo buy become inconsequential since you then have to start over. I feel like there's a lot of unpolished gameplay feel, less polished than lethal company or phasmaphobia, but there's more too it which is why i wish it had more polish or the objects were less breakable because it becomes frustrating when a friend coming through a blind doorway destroys numerous objectives, making multiplayer exhausting and frustrating.
Some of the monsters are just game enders when they spawn too, and although you can sometimes buy weapons, that doesn't guarantee a chance against them. Reading about them online hasn't exactly helped in terms of strategy, for ones like 'the robe' i think it's called. it was funny watching my friends try to take the huntsman's gun though. wish we could do that.
Hoping the game has a bright future because without these issues I would easily say it's the best there is for this genre.
Joe is very bad at this game
Trash can people
would be fun if my friends had 10 dollars and would stop arguing with me
"I, am Steve" -Steve
Nerfem os bixo.
nice
good with friends.
SASASASA
much fun with friends, highly recommend, except also F*k the taxman
literally goty of 2025
yep
lethal company but more worked on
w
mejor que lethal company
Is good
They left me behind.
Crouched in darkness.
There goes the count down. I'm pretty sure I just heard the truck pull away. Wow. Was it because I dropped the vase? Or they didn't think I pulled my weight? Did I scream too much? Everything went black. My existence shuttered as I dropped. INTO A RING? Oh. Looks like NONE of us made the truck. How dare you guys leave me behind to that robed demon!? Just for the money?!
Everyone darted in each direction to grab what they could off of the floor. But It was too late.
For them.
FOR I HAD SPAWNED NEXT TO THE SLEDGEHAMMER. My strength and stamina power ups steadied my little pointy in-game hands as I threw my mouse back and forth. Proximity chat did them no justice, as my maniacal laughter pierced through their eardrums. Screaming "YOU LITTLE MOLES HERE COMES THE WHACKER" I opened my eyes. my name is on the the screen! "Corvus Meeki" KING OF THE LOSERS
I will cherish this crown on my head. For the next game anyway.
BEST GAME EVER A BETTER VERSION OF LETHAL COMPANY YOU DONT NEED MODS FOR THIS GAME TO BE GOOD UNLIKE LETHAL COMPANY.
Probably the best game like this that you can play with your friends.
It does get quite difficult as you progress, but in my opinion that has just added to the fun. Encounters are entirely random.
Can't wait to see more content! I do agree with most of the reviews, though, that the little googly-eyed robots need to be the feature, not the weird emoji.
Super fun to play with friends!
I love this game. best game for friends. funny eyeball and mouth movement.
GoOd gAmE
si
Funny bean men
With friends this is the most fun game I've ever played. I haven't played solo but I'd imagine it would be a scream LOL!
An incredible amount of fun, no matter the game i was in. a perfect miw between horror and goofy in my opinion. one situation can be as scary as it is funny, and it is the perfect game for that reason.
its super fun with friends, had fun for hours do recommend
Fun with Friends! Delightful little bots against frightful "howaboutNOT's"
so fun
simulador de vender fierro viejo y chatarra en mi colonia 10/10
awsome game just can make you have a panic atack if solo
xd
Canadia
Better Lethal Company
Get rid of the eye monster and the game is near perfect
its a vibe
haha funny robit
juegardo god de los godetos juegazo gg nt wp ez
babo
Exciting game with scary elements that includes fun co-operations
Funny relaxing game with friend
Minus we all can troll ROFL
called angry shotgun dude a b*tch and proceeded to get yeeted from life
it's so peak.
great game tons of fun and can be very scary. Also very replayable if they keep adding content.
Is good
Verry Good Game, that you can Play and have fun with your firends <3
ta demasiado fino jugarlo con amigos
real g
good, i blamed my friends for breaking the diamond (i did it)
fun
fun to play with basically everyone I have played it with, highly recommend as something you can play with some friends
This game obviously has an incredibly similar concept to Lethal Company, but to me it removes many aspects of the game in a way that makes it more enjoyable. I hated worrying about the day ending and the ship leaving, but now you have unlimited time. I hated having to navigate in the dark with no sense of direction, but now you have a map that guides you. I hated spending minutes running back and forth hauling shit over to one spot, but now there's a C.A.R.T. and multiple extraction points. And even with all these features gone, the game still has its own way of being challenging and enjoyable.
It's also funny.
SIMPLEMENTE DIVERTIDOOOOOOOOOO
goty
This game is super enjoyable and funny. But it still has that twist of horror. I think anybody looking for a lauch should try this!
13
A must play with friends. This is a great game to have fun - the game play is solid and comedy that comes out of it is gold.
its game
Very fun game I would recommend.
muy buen jueguito
muy divertido
amazing game
Chinese,pls
Want a game that has funny moments, terrifying moments, and is good at distracting you while you hear a domestic abuse case in the making from your neighbor's home? Good, cause R.E.P.O. can do it all! It's been addicting for awhile, and it typically my go to game with a few friends. And I know, you're probably asking "But Sir, what if I don't have friends?" and to that I say its fun to play alone too! Its good to get the heart racing a bit as you pray you don't die after reaching day 15. So either with some fellow idiots, or your lonely self. go and play R.E.P.O. today!
Hilarious and challenging, absolutely love this game and can't wait to see what's to come 9/10
ran cart into second room, friend got knocked into by the cart, through the door straight into the pit perfectly on the otherside 10/10
Muy bueno
JUEGAZO PARA DISFRUTAR CON AMIGOS! HACE RATO NO ME TANTO CON AMIGOS <3 ESPERO QUE TENGA MUCHO EXITO
es divertido para jugar en grupo, sus mecanicas son fluidas.
really fun hella funny
very funny and very good
increible
there a scary moster
Choisissez bien vos amis
funny mic go brrrrr
9/10
i made my friends rolplay as my children and i was there "daddy". 10/10
Scary Ninja Turtle frog with a chefs Hat destroyed everything I owned and than transormed my friends into weird Robot sushi while I was holding a Puppet that tried to scratch my head of.
Weirdest experience of my life, can recommend 10/10
Definitely needs some work but it's fun
oyun bayildim
good game, had fun, continue to have fun, rugrats don't deserve to exist.
The psychics is what really pulls it together leading to stupid/funny moments
playing the game
see the blind hunter fall down the stairs
burst out laughing
get shot
what a game
so fricking fun
WAY BETTER than Lethal Company, better with friends, and an overall scary and fun game!
It's very quickly becoming one of m favorite games! :3, me and my freind have only purchased personal upgrades so far and its so fun trying to play the game with only those power ups
bast game ever for 2025 and it is so fun with my friends thx for a good game man keep going and we well be for you man
its funny and fun but scary at the same time
I am reping everywhere
good
More fun than Lethal Company. Some of the funniest stuff happens in this game
When i played this i:
-Made money
-Had lots of fun
-Made friends (they're monsters)
I'm still in debt but good game
HILARIOUSLY FUNNY and SCARY. I'm addicted
it is a very good game but only fun with friends
:)
I'm proud to say that this game is highly enjoyable and interactive, even within just 7 hours of playtime. There's always a variety of new creatures to discover, along with useful mechanics that help counter them. R.E.P.O's exciting and hilarious nature, despite being a horror game, makes it stand out uniquely among other close-proximity games, making it as my favorite. I'm genuinely intrigued to see what R.E.P.O. offers in the near future with its ongoing development.
Very fun game, would recommend.
yes
yes
Fun game, funny with freinds and people
Fucking Hilarious
Passei mal de tanto medo, ri demais, hiperventilei, passei mal, fiquei tonto e genuinamente pensei que ia morrer. 10/10
Its so funny with people, you need play it xD
good and funny
dont buy whatever you do this game is hot ass not fun whatsoever!
I fricking love this game so much it's so much fun and I can't wait for the updates to come out.
died from my own trap
10/10
incredibly fun
lo jugue con 5 amigos.
Un bebe empezo a lanzarlos cosas, lo agarramos entre los 5 y lo golpeamos hasta matarlo.
La brutalidad fue total
10/10
Good game i liike it!
Awesome Game. Especially with friends
Funi game where I can kill my friends both on accident and on purpose
fun game! too much clutching
repo
I enjoyed Lethal Company, and it was the first to do what it did, so I'll always have a soft spot for it.but R.E.P.O. really adds a lot of (imo) necessary variables to the formula that amp up the replayability. Loot objects having unique (and often very funny) challenges when you pick them up, physics weirdness, half-baked tools, and some decent enemy variety all contribute to creating a delightfully chaotic and satisfying gameplay loop. The little details feel considered (even small things, like the eye tracking to whoever is speaking), and it has a big impact on how the game feels to play. The gameplay even changes a lot in feel based on who I've been playing with - some friends like to save the big loot delivery for the end to avoid hauling a money bag around, some want to deliver as much loot as possible as soon as possible to make recovery deliveries quicker and easier, and some people.well, just getting any loot whatsoever to the delivery zone counts as a win, honestly.
I think some things could be tweaked, but it's early days, and I'm excited to see how things evolve.
Its a blast only if you have friends to play with
I was laughing, screaming, wheezing and crying all at the same time. this game is FANTASTIC to play with friends. the animations of the characters are amazing
Recomendadisimo, a pesar de parecer un juego Meme de la nueva generacion, este mantiene un humor a la hora de trabajar como de tes afrodecendiente con un estilo alienigena de movistar, sumandolo con su capacidad de divertirse con los amigos
10/10
w game
silly lil game
was killed 6 times by friends smacking me with items 10/10 game
Better than lethal company
goated
fun
W game
Extremely fun co-op game to play with friends; had quite a few laughs as we fill our carts of stuff while being chased by the monsters.
Very fun game! :D
Dare I say.this is the better Lethal Company. The maps are interesting, the monsters are scary, and this is my friend group's favorite game this year. I can't wait to see what they add!
GOTY
played it with a messed-up team definitely not for the pussies
lethal company made by my college ai assistant
sigma game
You should add just one person In a game and people that you don't know can join like in some backroom games
you literally cant describe this game other than chaotic. get every one of your friends and play this for the love of god. its funny, chaotic, and scary.
-
i like it :)
better than Lethal Company fr
My whole team died and I had to carry a 10k frozen skeleton up a staircase before a floating head lobotomised me
10/10
Cegos com uma arma um problema
pepo
me casgaron 1000 pesos hdp
GOOD GAME
It is similar to lethal company, but I find it it requires a bit more planning and awareness. If you enjoyed lethal company you would like this game too for sure.
XD
friendslop
poggerz
AWESOME GOT GAME YESTERDAY AND ALREADY HAVE 10+ HOURS DEF RECOMMEND
Very fun
tralalero tralala, ahora tengo cancer testicular
Lots of fun with friends, very chill + relaxing to collect items even in a spooky environment. Definitely would not say this is a scary game
You cant stop laughing lol
Fun, everyone should play and watch their one friend drag a valueble item all the way to the next extraction point while the rest are dead :)
500 -
12 10
1000 10
i hit a home run on my friend
jogo mt foda!
This game is fun, a lil bit spooky, and great with friends. I can't wait to see what 1.0 is like!
SUPER FUNNY
10 10,
just a better lethal company
Mt top
Awesome game, it has me so hooked, line and sinker.
this game. is too ridiculous and 12/10
bom de mais kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
Every time I play this, new memes happen
Jogo vale cada centavo muito legal e divertido, recomendado com pelo menos 4 amigos para jogar
- Eu: "Relaxa, pegar a porcelana e sair."
- Meu amigo: a gritar no microfone com a dele
- O bicho aparece
- Eu na porta, derrubo o vaso de R$12.000
- Todo mundo morre
- Realismo: 10/10
- Amizade sendo testada: 10/10
- Culpar seu amigo por tudo: 10/10
- Sobreviver: 2/10
top demais
Tava escondido com meu amigo numa mesa, apareceu um pintinho aparentemente inofensivo, meu amigo pegou o pintinho e ele matou nos 2, 11/10.
i think its a good inbetween between content warning and lethal, gameplay-wise in the fact its a horror co-op gathering game, and silly things in general. it's very cool how the main aspect is hiding.
good game and cheap. even single-player is quite enjoyable.
FUN im rather new still to mouse and keyboard i always seem to connect controller when a game supports it but im still having fun with friends need option to open lobby to allow randoms in. also do anyone know do this game have a discord server? i would join that also.
not balanced at all so hard so i downloaded mods to make easier dont buy it
10/10 - There's a text to speech chat
great amazing funny
I can say funny words
el juego esta divertido pero pienzo a penzar que los mods le estan empezando a quitar la gracia
me uni a una sala y de la nada tenia 250 de vida y 350 de energia
xx
fun to play with anyone you know really
KILL YOUR FRIENDS THEY ONLY HOLD YOU BACK
AwSOME
its like autism and lethal company had a baby
Such a Awesome Game!
best game ever, this needs to be game of the year if not i am going to be so mad, this is the best with a lot of friends
Fantastic party game! Must get if you have friends that laugh when someone farts.
fun
Is not fun when you are by yourself but its super fun when you are with friends to be honest
cauldron kills
good game very funny
its funny and good game so keep up the good work
Very fun to play. 10/10
this is the best quota game bye far
I fucking hate that stupid fucking baby so much
si
I died
Fun scary
lf
I AM GEOGE FLOYD REINCARNEATED AND I APPROVE
very fun with mics and many people
so good oh my god it is sooooo good! I'm so happy that I am able to play this with my friends, I cannot wait to play online! I am not a bot! beep boop
si
Bad Game I hate my friends
Muy divertido
so silly
uhh.uhh.uhhhh. yeah
lost my voice
Es muy entretenido para pasar el rato con amigos, me encanta
is this very very good gameeee and is famboy games
This game is endless funny moments. Me and my friends are really bad at it but I think thats what makes it so funny. We've only made it to level 3 but its fun LOL
top
gran juego lo que no tengo con quien jugarlo :(
a
like Lethal Company but better in every way, and with physics and funny robots. Hilarious game that is a lot of fun with the homies
THIS IS PROB THE BEST COOP HORROR GAME OUT THERE
Best game ever
GUD
I love this game so much. I cant stop playing.
i was the king of the losers,
very silly i love
W GAME
excelente!
Simplismente genial, e bem divertido, claro, tem que jogar com a galera para ser mais divertido, sozinho tem do mesmo estilo de Lethal Company, Content Warning. maaaas acredito que seja melhor que ambos o R.E.P.O.
Fun game it's like lethal company which i also enjoyed, looking forward to seeing how this game progresses
Bacana
muy bueno y tuvimos que regalarle a un pobre amigo el juego
very funny, you die a lot, very good
Got shot by a grandpa for being too loud, amazing game. :yippe:
good
game
so funny on everything
lowk kinda nerve racking and it's very fun
This game has extreme potential, very addictive, while also giving jump scares here and there!
Great game
legal com os amigos
lethal company but with physics and that might not sound like alot but it's game changing
Locura de juego, todo el rato son risas y sustos, con las 3 horas que he jugado + los directos, recomendar este juego. Si te apetece echarte unas risas entre colegas el R.E.P.O y Lethal company son 10/10 ambas.
amazing game to play with CLOSE friends and i say it like that because if you don't have a love hate relationship you most definitely will have one after you play this. The most fun monster ? would be the blind man because we try to kill each other with sound
Banger atomique, bien goofy
quite silly if i do say so myself. HahahEhaha Laughing and Playing all day long. TAX MAN is very nice. doesn't make you do anything against your will.
Again - Travis Scott
I think this game is an absolute blast and I play Solo, I'm looking forward to future updates.
alguem me add pra jogar to sozinho :(
R.E.P.O. [Retrieve, Extract and Profit Operation] um jogo multiplayer co-op que pode ser jogado solo. Para quem jogou Lethal Company, a vibe relativamente semelhante. Os personagens curiosamente e o VOIP [Voice Over Internet Protocol] funciona muito bem, permitindo ajustar o volume de cada jogador individualmente numa escala de 0 200%. A que essa precisa ser refeita a cada novo lobby.
O jogo se baseia na de mapas em grupo para um enquanto se toma cuidado para danificar os itens coletados, pois eles podem perder valor ou se quebrar completamente. O maior desafio, no entanto, os diversos monstros que podem surgir ao longo da partida. essencial entender como se esconder evitando barulhos por exemplo e como "ativar" certas criaturas.
O tutorial do jogo bem explicativo, e a muito complexa. Aspectos como administrar a stamina, entender a da [Strength] e aumentar a vida para evitar mortes aprendidos rapidamente conforme se joga. Uma dica: se inteligente coletarem o apenas o pra passar de fase, uma vez que precisa comprar itens para ficar mais preparado para os adiante.
No geral, R.E.P.O. um jogo extremamente casual, onde cada novo pode ser pausado e retomado depois. A bem os apesar de limitados bem-feitos, e os monstros interessantes. Pelo jogabilidade simples, suporte para multiplayer e single player, do pouco para armazenamento, uma
Bought the game for me and some friends and no regrets at all
ora ho paura delle papere,
consigliato
Petit jeu la Lethal Company qui promet de bonnes fun entre potes.
Les situations sont la fois stressantes et ce qui en fait un jeu facilement clippables pour avoir de bon souvenirs.
Je recommande vivement pour les groupes de 3 et +.
yes
funny
Good game, needs updates and feels a little lacking at times, but overall a fun experience
its a fun game to play with friends
watched vro get touched by grandpa
XD
w
very good
kaos
AFDSFSS
good
nbik kmi m
Jogo no estilo de Lethal Company em que, quanto mais pessoas jogando, mais divertido.
Possui algumas diferentes e os personagens bem bonitinhos. A forma como fizeram o olho dos personagens focar em quem falando foi bem legal!
Mesmo fazendo o tutorial, algumas coisas vai aprendendo conforme joga de fato. No geral, eu achei que vale a pena.
awesome game
Played this for the first time and my wife was so impressed with how brave I was she broke up with her boyfriend and started playing with me in this. Would recommend in fixing marriages.
gud game, i dont like the guy with the gun, very horrible and antisocial.
Awesome Game very funny to play with Friends and Family
Endless laughs
can't eat the doll
my friends r dogshit
super funny
A amazing game. Had a lot of fun with friends
First and foremost, it's a great game; it's $10 bucks, and I've gotten more entertainment out of this than games I've paid 5-6X the amount for in just 10-12 hours of play.
Second; I disagree with everyone saying "change the banner/change the icon" that's. *the whole point of the icon*. It's not meant to be pretty. It's supposed to be bad and creepy; the "taxman" as it were is a mysterious and kinda weird creature. It also stands out among other games, so even if *some* people think it makes the game look like slop, it's bound to get more people to at least click on it to see what the heck they're looking at.
I'm very happy with the state of the game as it stands right now; it is very lethal company-esque, but being able to be revived mid-match is a much appreciated QoL change over lethal. Both are great games! Looking forward to all the changes the devs have planned, especially the duck box. Sincerely, fuck the fuck, especially on solo runs <3
FUN!
Such a funny game to play with friends
the hammer I am holding betrayed me 10/10
chaotic, intense, funny, and still lighthearted
Repoio del Lethal Company, pero con movilidad sosa y arbitrario. Si bien pudo superar en a su no lo hace en los sentidos. le hace falta ser desarrollado solamente por una persona en su garaje y mantenerse en Early Access durante 3 para recalibrarse y encontrar su potencial. Insta-reembolso.
Live. Love. R.E.P.O.
funny as hell
Hilarant.
it is so fricking funny to play with friends
This game is pretty good and I think it has a lot of potential, but it does have some shortcomings, namely:
1. I think the monsters are kind of boring. There are a couple of ones that stand out - namely the ones that don't just attack you, like the baby - but otherwise most monsters have the same counterplay: hide and wait for them to go away. It would be nice to have some variety, even if that variety is "hide in a closet" rather than "hide under the table". If this counterplay does exist, I think it should be a little more obvious as to what that counterplay is.
2. Maybe I have my sound too quiet, but for a lot of the monsters it seems like there's no way to tell they are nearby until you actually see them, especially if your teammates are around. This could work for some monsters, but when the monsters can kill you instantly I think it becomes a problem. This is especially a problem with the gun guy, who doesn't make a sound until it's too late.
3. I think there does need to be a time limit of some kind, or, barring that, something for spectating players to do while they wait to respawn. Depending on your team's playstyle and how the run has been going, you could be stuck spectating for 10 to 15 minutes, possibly longer, which I think is far too long for a game like this. From my experience it isn't fun for anyone; the spectators hate having to wait so long, and the people still alive hate knowing that their friends are waiting on specifically them to either die or revive. An automatic respawn or a less punishing death mechanic would be nice, maybe when you die you go into your little drone mode and you rely on your friends to carry you around.
4. I would also love a way to see how much treasure is left. As far as I can tell, if you destroy too much treasure then the run becomes unwinnable - which I think is fine, but it would be nice to know when it's time to give up, especially when you have friends waiting for something to happen so they can play again.
Honestly. Plenty of fun for 10 euros. I just hope it doesn't get abandoned like previous indie horror titles.
very good but my freinds just break every thing so its kinda unfun like that but if u have freinds that are not annoying as hell its a very fun game!
WORTH EVERY CENT
why play this when lethal exists. Game is clunky, and feels bare-bones, even though it has more mechanics than Lethal. So far it feels very repetitive, and I have less than an hour in-game at the time i'm writing this. The art style is cool though, a breath of fresh air.
Lethal company but you don't setup mods for 1h30mins before each sessions
funny
good game
funny game
is gud
RY
fun to play with friends
DONT trust cute lil dude
Get this game or ill get it for you, its literally one of the best games in my library
este juego es muy divertido con amigos pero si no tenes no te lo recomiendo comprar ose
amigo= divertirse
sin amigos= aburrimiento
el tema es que algun momento se vuelve repetitivo volver aser lo mismo pero bueno seguira siendo divertido
its like Lethal Company but better quality and Content Warning but not as good
Good game. Get it.
fun
Genuinely one of the most amazing games ive ever played; its both equally terrifying and hilarious. You can tell the devs really put thought into it as every single mechanic meshes together perfectly. They managed to make the actual scrap collection bit entertaining even by itself too by making it super interactive and team based, while keeping it fun and simple.
Love this game and dev team, I hope that in the future the game will get the same, if not better treatment than lethal did from its devs and community creators.
good game, to brittle items to collect, enemies can be pretty annoying, over all i give it a 7/10
game
haha
Very fun, especially with friends!
L O O O V E this game.
Don't love server client timeouts and no Joining in progress after ;-;
never laughed so hard in my life during a simple game like this, i love it
Love this game guys
fun x 100%
Very fun co-op game similar to Lethal Company but one that requires a little bit of strategy when obtaining the loot. I thank my friend for gifting this game to me so I could play with them and the rest of my friend group. Definitely worth a buy!
Good way to loose a pair of underwear
repollo
Let me tell ya, this game is very flipping fun! the game has GREAT graphics and creative monster designs, the only thing wrong with it is that there is no matchmaking, which takes some of the fun away.
BUT, it is like lethal company, but WAY BETTER.
game is gud game, recommended
R.E.P.O.
Es macht unfassbar
Adorei o jogo, e a carinha de WTF que fazemos
adorei ainda mais quando jogo todas as armadilha de uma forma bem escrota e morro, essa proeza para nao dar trabalho aos bixos, me mato atoa.
Claro tenho tique na do mouse, quebro as coisas? claro por que nao.
agora o pato. AHHH o pato, nao tem como aquele filho da put.nha fofo.
A blind man with a shotgun ventilated my skull repeatedly. My teammates lost their shit laughing.
the game is mad fun i would recommend but if you dont have friends dont buy becasue you need peope to play the game
nice
Si.
YES THIS GAME IS AMAZING ALL I CAN SAY IS THIS IS AMAZING
PUT THE ITEMS ALL THE WAY IN
la mejor expereincia multijugador que he tenido muy recomendado jugar con amigos
211 tlye baya memnunum o dikeltiyim
the emoji honestly made me think this games was just made as a troll and I just didn't look into it, but I ended up seeing people play the game and it really looked like a lot of fun. After playing it with a few friends, it really did turn out to be a lot of fun! Just like lethal company just without the pressure of having a time limit and items lose money if definitely recommend to a people who are looking to play a new game with friends! can't wait for the new update so I can play with more people!
this game is wonderful its worth it! alone or with friends
Great game for comedy and fright, even better with 3+
i love this game I have been playing it fucking religiously
GOTY
Si
grandpa fell down the stairs
Lethal Company. 26
eeeeeeeeeeeeee
Game is very fun, funny, especially if you have screaming friends, after 12 hours i feel like i am still adicted, and i believe that i did not meet every monster or item, deffinetly not all rooms because my record is level 4, because i am bad, but this is going to be my favorite game for a long time
it is rlly fun and funny there is nothing bad about it
Miku Miku Eueueuueueueueueu
Can't stop playing! love the video updates. new fave game :3
gut
skibdi toulet rizxz
Pick up the cute Ducky!
Jogo de alanzoka
Okay, i'm going tp say one word that describes this game. Superduperhorrififylyfunny.
fun.
yes great game! needs more enemies
lepsza od lethala najlepsza z ziomkami
deliver box with friends while being chased by freak very good game fun yes
:D
5 :D
3
VR VR Chat :D
serotonina
Partie trop longue quand on meurs, un lethal en moins bien
orospu cocu bebek cok
People whining about the emoji mascot really are stuck in 2019
MAN this so fun! horrifing but fun. i really recommend to play this. by yourself? go ahead with buddys laugh and die XD
100 10
ta joya
the monsters are worse than the taxes
Jogo de boneca, bonequinha do governo. Se for uma boneca vai gostar desse jogo
Bom pra cacete pra se divertir com os amigos kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
funy robot goes aeiou
gyat ts ts st
one of the funniest times I've had gaming in a while!
this is an extremely fun game to play! I definitely recommend playing with friends as the levels get pretty hard the longer you last. the robots are cute and the prolonged eye contact is quite funny. The variety of monsters keeps you on your toes and you do not get easily bored. The price is not bad, and was definitely worth it. So many good things about this game and there's not much to complain about. My only wish is that it was controller compatible. Love it!
smashed a blind man in the back of head with giant vase. then my and the gang hurled him into lava.
meu amigo me xingou de retardado por ter quebrado o diamante de valor de $3.100.
ele sai da sala e 3 segundos depois aparece a dele no
nota 10/10
its alright
as of right now, REPO is The lethalcompany-like that isn't lethal company. it's fun, funny, scary, tense, bouncy, and a good time. the guys behind this made voidigo, which was also all of those things minus the scary. you can tell that the team behind this spent years of their lives toiling away doing freelance animation, because the whole game is approached from an angle of maximising slapstick, secondary action, and attention to detail.
that said, it needs more maps, more enemies, better banner art that isnt a disgusting emoji thing, and my friend kai needs to stop fucking hating my ass so much and log on and play the fucking game with me and my other, fatter friend named luca. real fucking talk.
fun
Juego super guaY CHICOS MUY HGUAY sobre todos s lo juegas con amigos y amigos tienes amigos? yo si y mira se llaman Angel Enrique Manuel, Pedro Miranda, Aaron Diego y Chicote
K
fun
One of the better options in the massive pile of "Silly co-op horror games".
crazy
Game of the year
it maid my mud missle whissle
bien
bom demais, ri muito
I want to start off this review by saying that the only reason I have it was because my brother told me about it and wanted to play it with me.
I saw this game recommended to me every single time I opened steam but I always just ignored it because of THAT MASCOT EMOJI! Please, I love this game but that emoji gotta go because it makes the game look like a cheap, brain rot type of game.
So I have to agree with many of the other reviewers on this one and respectfully recommend you reconsider your lovely mascot.
I love this game, I just have to say that real quick in case what I set in the paragraph above made you think I like this game.
such a fun experience and only played for a few hours with one other person.
The maps are well designed and the monsters are interesting, I love the whole Lethal Company and Content Warning vibe going on.
a pretty lonely bugger, so only had the experience with one other person but I find it likely be as fun on your own as I found with Lethal Company, but it really depends on your personal preference.
The jump scares really in your face which I like as a very jumpy person but there are still the perfect moments where you let out a good scream of shock/panic.
The graphics are very simple like lethal company which I like, it shove loads of stuff in your face and overload your computer.
THE ROBOT DUDES!
The robot guys you play as are perfect and I love them so much, they are so cute and goofy, the voice they use for the written chat is golden and I think they are a highlight of this game.
I definitely recommend this game as a fun simple goal game you can play with your friends for a scream and laugh.
jogo extremamente divertido. dar risadas jogando com a galera.
CROCODILO BOMBARDILO
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
extremely fun with friends but its quite hard to learn but its worth it at the end! is it fun? yes is it hard? yes and last but not least is it fun with friends? YES i would def recommend this game but if you lose all your stuff because the blindsman killed you and your friend because he didnt warn you it was there youll be mad 9/10 game cant wait for the next update
oink
w game
No Y-axis inversion option is inexcusable in the year 2025. I want to enjoy the game but I keep shattering objects because I'm looking up when I mean to look down and vice versa.
Sensacional
Really funny game if you have friends that also play, best played with 4 players. Still a great game
R.E.P.O is one game i can not stop playing. i play with my friends, which makes it 100 times better. I have not laughed this hard in a very long time, while my friends die and i am by my self. I would say definitely buy it.
Keep it up Semiwork!
good game really cool recommend buying it but R.E.P.O please unban me from your discord please i wanna join other players
amazing game just buy it dosnt matter just buy it now an play with atleast 4 other people
Its better than Lethal Company
10/10
fun
good game, lethal company if the devs updated the game and were transparent about development time
Eu soltei um som no soundpad e eu fiz meu amigo morrer pro bixo.
valeu a pena
cool
yeah this game is fun in groups.
I love this game it is so fun and it is so good at being hilarious and terrifying at the same time
yes
Played for two rounds now get stuck on a loading screen every game. Fix your game. Pathetic.
Cool
Super fun, funny and scary lol
minha cachorra latiu, o e cego de 12 ouviu, tomei um tiro e morri
jogo perfeito
nena alguna vez te dijeron quetus ojos brillan como un cigaro.en la noche mas oscura de lna selva y ke tuboca es como yn xenicero donde qiero apagar mi colilla? ojetee d mango
ahujien game
bao
the game is not casual friendly there should be a difficulty options
te hinchas de reir tus huevos
fun fun
run and scream while you collect very fragile items as a goofy robot. chaos
jogo extremamente bom, porem deveria ter para salas multiplayer pois e muito dificil achar gente para jogar!
very fun playing with friends
I love it when I get constantly knocked over by the guy handling the cart.
Nah but fr amazing game to play with friends, it will be fun.
No lethal company en mi vida pero si content warning pero lo unico que puedo decir, que esta wea es mejor que los otros dos.
GOTY 100000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000/10
join with friends
Friend uses soundboard
Monster comes
hide
it sees you
monster hears soundboard
you live
friend dies
take his head
die to a gnome
10/10
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
I have nothing against Lethal Company, Content Warning, etc. but I think R.E.P.O is better than ALL of them. The game is great and the way the cart and valuables work adds a lot of depth that the other games lack. The mechanic of sometimes having to clear multiple extraction points is also a great way to increase the game's difficulty as it progresses. I don't have much in particular to say other than that this game is amazing and definitely worth your money, it's pretty much been the source of the enjoyment I get out of every day. Buy this game and get your friends together, it's a blast.
gud
+
SCARY by yourself. Somewhat scary with other people but it is SOOOO much fun
I can torture 5 people at a time instead of 3. also half life 2 gravity gun adds better torture to the game :)
jogo muito bom pra jogar com animais q vc chama de amigos
Patatino. PATATONE
I quit the company for this. I blind man shot me and a duck stalked me. Worth it
funny
Jogo mais viciante que drog@s
W
funny game but when you get far to wheres theres like 3 extraction points team becomes idiot and sells and breaks valuable items then winning becomes impossible
SOOOOOOO YUMYYYYYYY
all my friends are dead
how the items work is a big mystery but that just adds to the fun of the game.
-
Very fun game to play with friends, excited to see what else they have in store for the future.
super
Super fun game to play!
Great idea and team gameplay. Good concept of game!
THIS IS THE MOST FUN GAME EVER! SO CHEAP FOR WHAT YOU GET! MODS FOR LARGER LOBBIES AND OTHER FEATURES RE SUPER SIMPLE AND EASY!(which most mods used are planned to be added before game leaves early access)
* I got fucking thrown into a pit by an alien on my first play through.
* This game reminds me of lethal company, it's very similar. Though this game is way better than Lethal Company. Mixing movement, some horror, and crazy enemies. This game is really good.
* awesum suace.
funne
and scarre
this game is amazing! it just came out and you could play for hours and never get bored i love this game!
Well worth 10$, even with randoms. As long as no one is griefing you can have a smooth game.
I cant even remember how many times I tumbled my friends LOL
Similar to lethal company, very enjoyable game and lots of fun when you have good group of friend to play with.
El juego es demasiado bueno, implementa muchas cosas nuevas, tanto animaciones como formas de progresar en los niveles, muy recomendado para jugarlo entre amigos, te sacara muchas risas y momentos muy divertidos.
REPO is extremely fun but with freinds it gets even better.
:)
repo enfonce lethal
DROLE
BUENISIMO JUEGO CON AMIGOSS
omg i love it and wanna marry it
This is a really fun game but PLEASE REMOVE THE EMOJI MASCOT IT MAKES THE GAME LOOK BAD
Actually so much fun with friends, it doesn't get boring even after hours of playing. Hoping for new maps and monsters in R.E.P.O.!
Ye, Awesome, what can I say.
Si
WORST SERVERS EVER WHEN YOU ARE ABOUT TO COMPLETE A LEVEL THE SERVER FAILS
Got shot by a blind guy while sat in a bathtub 10/10.
Very interesting game play followed by screaming.
just another lackluster lethal company clone, DO NOT BUY
very fun and im excited for the future of this game
fun
another one of the lethal company clones
really fun game you can play it by yourself 20 times more fun with friends if you don't like a fun time and to laugh then this game wont be for you. if they added in like 3-5 more maps and a way to do match making that would make it even better if you ask me they all ready said they are going to add more monster's and maps to the game and fun fact if you didn't know this but the game was going to be a single player game the maps and monster's we're still going to be in it but you were gonna play by yourself and do around and cleaning up trash on the maps.
[h1] [/h1]
[h1] [/h1]
2.5
[h1] [/h1]
hell yeah
This game is pure chaos and I love it, add some mods from the Thunderstore and you have yourself a game of "How to get my friends killed this round". Don't forget to introduce your friends by flushing them down a toilet!
good
so scary. like a goofy lethal company
ertahbf rgrtdfrtfgdfgdfgtg
THIS GAME IS SO MUCH FUN!
super fun game a must play game and 10 bucks for this isnt even that bad and its wrouth buying tho me and a bunch of people have PLANTLY OF FUN!
fasza
:) :D ;D
letmeknowwwwww
fun game to play with friends
es muy pero muy muy muy muy bueno
Love the game.
games fun
my only issue which could be just my end is it takes all my computers processing to run.
which is weird cause I can run bigger games with less issue.
funny game for friends.
yre
W game, and very funny
awesome. just. wish i had friends
Very fun, you should play.
Play with friends 100x better
F.u.n.
pretty fun game! It's like lethal company but in my opinion much more fun and more interactive.
fun very fun
funny game :)
Funny
this game is goated
muy chevere saca muchas risas una joyita
i recommend ts game cuz it is very funny and amusing to play!
10/10 experience
Es increible, las risas no faltaran y encima con los sustos, disfrutar con amigos, reir.
Si buscas divertirte con tus amigos, este es tu juego ideal
wuen juego
Buen juego, pero necesito amigos, agreguenme de amigos para jugar
good game
is epic
My diddy bluds were bussin when we played this
I absolutely recommend this game to play with your buddies. Its a fun take on the "lethal company" genre and is alotta fun.
fun frfr
bayaa iyi
good game
great game worthy of soiled undergarments.
very fun game to play with ur friends
good
10 10
pizdec
Man this game hits differnt if you are on Zaza.
game is so sigma
te cagas de risa con tus amigos y eso
fun game especially when you have the tranq gun and 5+ strength
Trash game don't waste your time. I got this gifted and I want my money back. Trash ass Lethal Company clone rip off. Trash trash trash.
1000%
1
+R.E.P.(0.)
amazing fun with friends! <3 highly reccomend!
o jogo e bom mais eles podiam colocar um sistema de sensibilidade por microfone so isso que eu tenho de
luv dis game
best game literally ever made
elite level horror game thats scary yet fun and hilarious
proxy chat makes this game 10x funnier
Mi hermano se a desmayar por reir tan fuerte. Recomendado 10/10, vale muchisimo la pena.
CURSE YOU, RUGRAT!
Tons of fun, and love the added element of being able to trip up or even kill the monsters.
I'VE PLAYED 4 HOURS I JUST GOT IT 6 HOURS AGO THIS THE BEST GAME
Esta super guay me he tirado 14 h seguidas
esta muy bueno con amigos
gud gud
Fantastic game so far
"realizing you are retarded and your friends too" simulator.
Honestly i am NOT having fun. It kinda hurts.
juegazo, me desmaye de la risa (for real)
Impossible game to get into. The game expects you to be completely familiarized with the controverted mechanics, so my friends and I can't get past the first or second levels most of the time.
Its scary but in a scary way AHHHHH HES BLIND AND BLEW ME AHHHH
Gnomes broke my love potion
Fun game to relax with
)
Muy buen juego para echarse unas risas jugando con amigos.
Solo faltaria que lo traducieran al
Espero que poco a poco vayan metiendo mas actualizaciones y mejoras,
I love beating the piss out of that stupid rugrat baby
la polla
buen juego
Very good soundpad DLC
"A pia ta cheia de - Voz distorcida
Obs= melhor que Lethal company
yeet
GOOD GAME love getting shoot by the blind guy because there is a cute duck next to me (grab the udck so he dont attack you )
Bah hyper drole
3
21
Una pasada jajaja
repo
Yes
i nani hanno preso vita
Very silly game. A friend gifted it to me, and I love it. GREAT for streaming <3
Richtiges Cooles Spiel,
Fazit, nach 11 Spielstunden, Prosimity Chat ist sehr gut, kleinere Physikbugs aber ansonsten super zum Spielen mit Freunden.
It's a horror game?
I cried, and my sides hurt.
Fun game. no one to play it with tho.
Me mato un bebe.
i hate pianos why do they break just by tapping the floor im going to fight someone
[b] Gut [/b]
Very funny game, recommend to play with 3 or more people
the game is funny and thats why i like it
type stuff
Number one cause for death, is your friends
Repo is a crazy fun game. Definitely better than I expected!
GAME GREAT LOVE PLAYING IT WITH FRIENDS. BUT F THAT DUCK IT MAKES ME WANT TO DROP KICK A BABY.
[h1] R.E.P.O - Le jeu ton pet te trahit [/h1]
[b]Note : 10/10[/b]
Si toujours de te faire surprendre par un vieux de 1939 avec une bionique, ce jeu est fait pour toi [i]Le moindre pet de ton perso et game over.[/i]
[u]Petit conseil :[/u] [b]Ne JAMAIS jouer avec tes potes.[/b]
Pourquoi ? Parce que c'est eux la vrai Un vrai plaisir.
[strike]Apex Predator <3[/strike]
My friends sacrificed me by throwing me into a hole with a duck focused on me, after which they were all killed by the laser.
10/10
im shit at this game
Friendfarming or something
Really like the game, solo or with friends, still really silly, i hope it doesnt fall off immediately
pretty fun
Lethal Company Ctrl + C & Ctr + V
Honestly was a lot more fun than i expected! I hope it doesn't die off super quickly, like a lot of other games in this vein. Can't wait to see what comes in the future
10 10
Joya oculta
bellissimo
Muy divertido para jugarlo con los colegas, a la larga pierde la gracia pero se hace adictivo
bardzo smieszna i fajna do pogrania z kolegami
pouce
-457 -661 -1.200 -5726. broken
Such a great game to play with friends!
It's really fun if you play with friends, I recommend you to play with friends and not alone
Este juego es la polla
BEST GAME OF THE BIG 25! <3
HILARIOUS! The more the merrier! Play with as many people as you can!
It's more different to Lethal Company than I anticipated. It's very fun :)
Never thought getting jumped by an army of gnomes would ever be this funny
Un titolo molto simpatico e divertente da giocare con gli amici! Le rista sono assicurate!
GOOD
kisaca korku oyunu diye satin aldik geberdik! Siki bir arkadas cevreniz varsa mutlaka denemelisiniz!
I enjoy everything about the game besides the lack of public match lobbies, otherwise its a great game and valued well.
Als ich Videos von R.E.P.O auf YouTube gesehen hatte, wusste ich gleich, dass ich mir das Spiel definitiv kaufen werde. R.E.P.O ist definitiv ein koop-Spiel in dem man viele Stunden verbringen kann. Und dabei kommt der Horror Aspekt trotzdem nicht zu kurz. Die Gegner haben ein cooles Design und es gab auf jeden Fall schon einige Momente in denen ich mich ziemlich verjagt habe. Trotzdem ich nicht sagen, dass es ein besonders "schlimmes" horrorspiel ist. Falls man also nicht so der horror liebhaber ist, sollte man trotzdem dieses Spiel mal ausprobiert haben. Auch alleine kann das Spiel machen und es gibt auch einen Singleplayermodus, allerdings ich empfehlen das Spiel mindestens zu zweit zu spielen, da es sonst ziemlich schnell werden kann.
Jogo muito divertido para jogar com os amigos ou no single player.
This game is so funny but the replayability is kinda low due to no public matchmaking and not enough maps but i can see that being added in the future other than that the game is amazing and I see it getting more popular.
ok
TA BUENO
Insanely good game, would 100% play 100 hours more, I would definitely recommend playing it with friends, but is still fun solo. This game is both funny and terrifying at the same time. Just please change the emoji icon, it makes the game look like one of those scam ads on coolmathgames back in the day, I saw the game on the store a while ago and kinda just scrolled past it because of the cover, PLEASE change it
This is an anxiety filling mash up of good times and proper mechanics. Starting playing on a mates recommendation and now we avidly play and though we are beginner terrible at it, the learning is amazing. Simple thrill ride that will have you laughing and wondering HOW!, in the best of ways.
This game is almost perfect, all it needs now is the mod where it allows you to cosplay the kids from South Park and then this game will be next level, for now though a strong recommendation and hobbles of fun.
It's very good alternative to Lethal Company if you fan of it - semiwork can be proud of re-inventing the genre. Many tried but this is how it done right - add some gimmick to it and let players to take fun.
The main problem of such games is there is no meta-progression and you will be bored fast enough. For a couple of bucks - it's okay to try with friends.
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck WE NEED VR IN R.E.P.O.
Tax guy
very good game but very bad dziad and big head, love explosions and carrying a piano up the stairs for 10 minutes, really great gameplay
insanely funny and horrifying at the same time
HEAVILY recommend you play with others
10/10 and it aint even finished
Insanely fun and addicting to play, especially with friends. For a game on early access, it's incredibly polished. The developers seem to be very trusting in making sure the game remains fun and fresh for a long time. The game mechanics are set up in a way where every playthrough will have at least one goofy moment, and it's what makes this game really unique.
I think my only concern about this game is a majority of the promotional art involving the emoji. You can still keep the twisted-looking emoji in the game for lore purposes, but from an outside perspective, it makes the game look like it's shamefully appealing to a younger audience. If the developers changed the art centered more around the robots or maybe the floating head monster, it would look a lot more unique and interesting.
The best game ever! It's so fun to play with your friends - super funny!
This game is def worth 10
This game is so fun. That is it! Play it with friends and just go ham!
Monsters lurk unseen
Treasures in trembling hands held
Vases broke again
Worse version of lethal company
nikel juste quelque petit bug a corriger
Peak with friends
Didn't think suppressed laughs would be even funnier
GG
toooppp
good sauce
Good
Repo
:thumbs_up_emioji:
its funny
scare good good bood
LOVE IT! i've been playing vanilla and with mods, and it's good both ways, there is some space for improvements to be made but overall, it's a very good and very funny to play with random people or your friends
haha robot go tumble
Un gran juego en verdad, para los que no nos gustan los juegos demasiado complejos o puristas como el Lethal Company, este juego es un equilibrio entre dificultad pero entretenimiento con tus amigos y sin duda se nota que los creadores estan muy atentos a la comunidad por lo que comprarlo en early acces una gran por que si en early acces es un gran juego, no dudo que cuando este terminado tenga un sistema mucho sostenible a largo plazo.
It's mad
this game reminds me of the time my dad beat me
Sin duda un gran juego, buenos buena jugabilidad y un gameplay entretenido, lo recomiendo totalmente SOLO si tienes amigos, por que este tipo de juegos (en mi son 100 veces mas disfrutables con amigos, y si bien tiene un modo singleplayer la experiencia completa esta en el Multijugador, no tengo nada mas que decir.
Awesome.
awesome sauce
Tralalelo Tralala
Dieses Spiel ist das beste Coop Horror game, dass ich je gespielt habe. Es verbindet Grusel mit witzigen Details und bringt dich und deine Freunde richtig zum lachen. Der Ingame Voicechat erlaubt es Stimmenverzerrer mit den verschiedenen Items und Monster zu was einige Lacher sorgen wird. Ich kann das spiel nur weiterempfehlen und hoffe das das Fandom und die Updates weiter wachsen.
10 10
1
FUN
esta muy gooooooood
Everything is going well!
Until it's not. :D
zupe z kolegi.
Jak najbardziej na plus.
Super Funny and great with friends
Konkurs darcia mordy robota 180 stopni
Fun and hilarious with friends! Definitely recommend. Looking forward to further maps, updates, monsters etc.
ooga booga doo
Vibey main menu
supper fun
Banger le jeux a surpasser mes attentes franchement je suis content et je ne regrette absolument cet achat je vous le conseil vivement seulement c'est dommage qu'on a pas un pannel ou ont vois des serveurs par d'autres joueur qu'on peut rejoindre et pas seulement par des amis.
get a group of your friends and play it. it will be hilarious. i love this game
repo is smegma
si
Yes
R E P O, 1488/10,
This game masters the lethal company formula while introducing new and fun things to the mix too, easily the most replayable of any of the games who've tried it (Content warning, Murky Divers, Headliners)
The scare factor is always there for me, even when you get "unstoppable" theres always a level of fear because you could die. It's great, a real blast and even in solo play. Can't wait for modding to get popular too.
W game
o i psychicznie za nogi jako robocik
12/10 w skali Chleba krojonego
ANASHE
talking trashcan make me luagh
i mean its ok
Love this game its maybe another lethal company type but i love the funky physics and you can actually defend yourself properly in this game its also fun with friends and i also recommend playing with mods when u get a get feel with vanilla 9.5/10
Funniest game I've played in years lol
lgl
PEEYAN
After being someone who spent 220 hours on Lethal Company, finding this game which was made by a studio of talented developer makes me feel great, it fills me with hope that this game will actually get finished. This game has gave me many funny moments already, I've spent 25 hours so far, and I plan to spend a lot more :p
Good work semiwork
don't recommend until they add a server browser.
also needs more content.
Si lo podes comprar y tenes amigos que lo tienen te divertiras mucho.
So, here is my quick checklist:
- developers are amazing and communicate openly via youtube / discord ✅
- game is really funny, challenging and sometimes even scary ✅
- a friend of mine who never touches anything related to horror, enjoyed playing this game ✅
- it only gets more fun whenever you get one more friend to play ✅
- ultimative experience is playing with max players ✅
- use soundboard to boost experience ✅
Just buy the game, it's ONLY 10$. Better to have fun with friends, than to support a big company which only delivers shit games. We all know what I am talking about.
top
Fun? It is, not gonna lie, with the right people it's great, but at the same time it's sooooooo repetitive. Some mods should solve this problem though.
Oyun Zevkli bir zaman sonra ama o tekrarlanmadan oluyoruz zaten otistik varsa kesinlikle alabilirsiniz
I got kicked by a long red thing.
Fun and engaging and this coming from someone who doesnt really play horror games but its definitely better to play with friends but also fun to play solo
NICE
Funniest game ever
nice
Fun
fie
its overall pretty fun, i recommend when playing with friends to prepare for a headache
the game is decent and isnt overrated at all, worth the money i paid for it
its a pretty unique take on the whole "make quota" type game genre
overall 8/10, best to have fun when playing than to take seriously
10 10
very funny I like this game
ye
paaarrrfffaiiit
10 10
Awesome game, but can you please add some sort of chances before starting all over to level one. Overall the game is funny and entertaining.
Pensa em um jogo divertido, simples, roda bem e que barato, pronto, tu pensou em R.E.P.O.
BEST MULTIPLAYER GAME EVER! ngl.
que voa e mata, veio do hs, muie com foice nas e um bando de primata incompetente que consegue sobreviver.
R.E.P.O bom demais
fun with friends :3
haowan
Top
godddd divertidisimo
gfcbn,bcnmcbnmcbnmcbnmbcncbncbncbncbncbncbncbncbcbnbcnccbbccbbcnmcbncbnmcbmcbnmbcnmcbnmcbnmcbnmcbnmcbnmcbncbbcncbnmmbcnbcbcbcmnmcb
Absolute Cinema
yea
Amazing game
es muy divertido
A good Scary co-op game for up to 4 to a maximum 5 players ,where you go around solo or with friends to gather in a cart in the games there are upgrades to buy to being able to carry heavier stuffs or other things.
The 5th player can only be unlocked with an upgrade ingame - would like to se it being upgraded into 6 players without any upgrade in the future (one can allways wish right?).
its has lots of good re-play value since many of the levels are re-aranged every time you play it and it can be very random from map to map. I do recommend playing with atleast 3 friends cause its easier to handle most monsters in the game and doing the task (witch is to collect things of value and not getting em broken by the monsters).
Playing solo can be fun but very demanding since sometimes the hardest Enemies can basicly spawn on the 1st level that is kinda sucky when you try to gather to level upp things in the game.
Also a personal wish would be more nice with an obvious save button between each level since it takes time getting to each new level you get into.
Beside all this above I would say a grade of 8 of 10 so far for this game of the time ive played solo and with my friends and its a game that seems to developing still so i look forward in the future what this game will offer more ,what else can i say then buy it. :)
Good sides;
+ Lots of replay value.
+ Fun with friends.
+ lots of replay value.
+ still being updated.
+ The enemies can be killed.
+ monsters can be really scary (also fun seing friends scream about the monters sometimes)
+ Fun with different colors on your character. (would be epic with other cosmetics you can save).
+ Many differnt ways to uppgrade ingame.
Bad sides.
- Some levels are so tight that basicly a monster can kill you asap.
- The uppgrades you can get in the game gets too expensive the further u get into the game ,would like to se some ballancing there comparing into what you gather in each level.
- sometimes some items ingame are too fragile and can cost you a lot of time and frustration while others are like an nuke bunker more or less.
I've never laughed so hard 10/10.
This is game is really fun with your friends :)
yes
fun as flipin heck
omg this game gave me the tinkles at times
HI
jeux cool
deneyin oyun
o,
is pre gud
bem daora principalmente com soundpad
<3
jaaaaaaaaaaaa
fuck yeah this game is fire the only thing is can the devs add more guns and make the starting stamina higher cuz i cant run for shit
how to make R.E.P.O fun
1. spam chat
2. pick up the love potion and the hourglass
3. hit people when funny
4. spam q
WARING 99% OF PLAYERS CANNOT DO NEXT STEP
5. play with friends
RIP Lethal Company
what a gem that is - its so simple and yet so incredible fun with the crew and tbh I had even more fun in the first hrs than in lethal company, and that is really hard to top :D dont spoil urself too much, just hopp in with some great friends and see how things go south and have a total blast meanwhile <3
esta muy bien el juego y todo pero lo malo es q ocupa obligadamente jugar ccon un amigo
This Game is super fun if you have friends to play with. So many funny moments. 10/10 Enjoyment.
its fun but i dont have friends that have repo so i can only play by myself so pls devs if you see this add matchmaking
1)
I like this game very much! It's a very good and fun game!
very fun
oyun son en biri(solo da gayet zevkli)
yipee
comprable
Despite being in early acess it still manages to be a great game. The monsters feel fair to fight against, the items are all somewhat useful and the core gameplay loop is just so good that i dont know how to describe it. If you have some friends and some extra money then you should definetly give R. E. P. O a try.
Buen juego, puedes conocer y armar grupos desde la comunidad en caso no tengas con jugar.
Las risas no
yeah
La verdad que un juego que da gusto jugar, Asi como podes entrar y jugar una partida y se te paso una hora como si nada, lo unico malo es que no se pueda jugar con gente random pero juegardo
-{ Graphics }-
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
-{ Gameplay }-
☑ Cant Stop talking about it
☐ OMFG
☐ Can't stop thinking about it
☐ Maybe
☐ Shurg
☐ Just don't
-{ Audio }-
☐ *Ears Ringing*
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ Muted
-{ Audience }-
☑ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☑ Grandma
-{ PC Requirements }-
☐ Check if you can run notepad
☑ Potato
☐ Decent
☐Fast
☐ Took out a Small loan
☐ Sold your organs to supply your gaming addiction
-{ Game Size }-
☐ Floppy Disk
☑ Old Fashioned
☐ Workable
☐ Big
☐Will eat 10% of your 1TB hard drive
☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it
☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data
-{ Difficulty }-
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Needed a Degree
-{ Grind }-
☑ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
-{ Story }-
☑ No Story ( Yet )
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
-{ Game Time }-
☐ Time Killer
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ What is reality?
-{ Price }-
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ Maybe pay your bills?
-{ Bugs }-
☑ None ( Have not had any run in's with any yet )
☐ Minor
☐ Ugh
☐ Ummm hello?!
☐ Bug Bomb my PC
-SCORE { ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☐ 9
☑ 10
ONE OF THE FUNNIEST HORROR CO-OP EVER (if u have friends)
sa
iyi
fsdfadfsdfsdf
its very fun to play whit freinds 11\10
The voicechat is to funny and overall good game even able to run on school laptop! Best game ever
O jogo muito bom, poderia ter a multijogador que nem todo mundo que a jogar tem amigos na plataforma.
oui
Jogo bom. Quem quiser jogar, add!
Muy divertido y si juegas con tus amigo
is gud
DE E KRIIIIIIG
ai nevoie de oameni cu boli mintale pentru o experienta excelenta
:)
Very good game
si
R.E.P.O-ronga de juego
malisimo, podria haber comprado una chacra en chaco y seguro me divertia mas
compren cajas y skins que por lo menos ganan plata
aguante la timba
Amazing Comedy Horror Game, if you love messing around with your friends while playing a horror game, then this is the game for you.
This game is still kinda in early days but its def real special, a physics based co-op multiplayer proximity chat horror game with a whole lot of goof and charm in it from the animations of the characters to the weird physics and the certain items you find that do stupid things, a hilarious time with friends and I can't wait to see whats in store for the future.
Sembra carino, ma senza nessuno con cui giocare non ha molto senso.
Funny game n very awesome
Monsters killing Androids are cool :steamhappy:
I really like this game! Great with friends. I cannot wait when it's gonna be added to the horror game movie featuring Mr. Box from the xbox movie
very good game, really hard with just 2 people though, 5 hours and we couldn't get past level 3 once.
Similar to lethal company but with some major differences,
my only complaint is that if you die right off the bat then you might be stuck in the spectating menu for like 30 minutes which is extremely boring.
kozak
cant wait for this game to be out of early access
extremly funny with friends! :D
you know its a good game when you can throw people in pits and use grenades
absolute cinema.
muy bueno para echarse unas risas
Peak entertainment
DLC
10 10
Fun with friends :)
if you started a yt channel and don't know what game to play? this game is your money maker
10 180 10
I commited mass murder against allys and enemies 10/10
loved so fun
This game slaps harder than Will Smith.
>
great game. waiting for full release!
its cool and a fun game to play with your friends
jogo bem divertido e intenso, quase levar a com amigos tenho 40 horas e recomendo demais!
fun game
nagyon vicces XD mindenkinek
Very fun game to play with friends, only problem is there is not very many maps.
Crazy game to play with friends
Really fun game but please give the enemies sound.
legal
very awsome gamme
500
10/10 fun
fun game to play with friends
i coud say it is the game of the year
very spooky, very fun, much enjoyment.
Juego GOTY y te hechas una risa con tus amigos
It's just really, really fun.
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO GOOD
buy it nowww
10/10
Funny? YES.
Silly? YES.
Hilarious? YES.
Exciting? YES.
Teamwork? Only if non-teamwork isn't funnier. :P
This game needs to be game of the year. I swear I laughed so hard when my brother and I flushed my sister down a toilet that the entire neighbourhood also knew how much fun I had. I haven't laughed like that in the whole of my existence. Or maybe since The Neverhood. I could not breathe. I could not speak. I could only squawk some syllables out between the odd time I was able to catch my breath.
If you don't like having hilarious and silly fun and laughing so hard you can inspect your lungs then this game is not for you.
meep!
A very fun game to play with friends.
The game is challenging with good horror vibes
Cant go five minutes into a game without being disconnected from client time out, spawning into new games with 1 hp too. Cant recommend getting this until these two issues are fixed.
O jogo MUITO BOM! Todas as monstros, toda a jogabilidade! para jogar com amigos. Muito divertido, rende boas risadas e no moderado kkkkkkk
repo + friends = absolute cinema
Oyun beraber bir yere kadar ilk 4 modsuz oynamaya modlu oyun yine tekrara daha fazla mekan ekipman vb Tabi oyun erken ileride daha da
This is like spending the weekend at Don Cheadle's house.
freaky ass game but I love it
Best horror game ive ever played! But some achievements and more monsters and so the items you buy (Upgrades ) is for everyone to share
This game is hilarious fun with friends and nerve wracking havoc on your own. I highly recommend this game to people with friend groups that like to play games together. My friends and I have played this live on stream and on our own and we usually end up having to fight for our lives (which honestly checks out in this friend group, we're great friends, lol).
ay si ay si ay siiiiii que ricooo
Good game. (:
My friend got some sort of face hugger on her face, her voice went deep.
She vomited on me and I died.
She then got shot by a blind man and died.
Oh!
and a Rubber Duck exploaded us around the shop.
10/10
fun asf excited for more updates
I run into room
See big black figure
Die
top spiel ist lustig und macht
i hate heads now
Ritze
This game is great fun with friends. IMO it is better than the "Other" game of a similar style. Mechanics are solid and its a ton of fun. Also love the devs behind the game too and the way they do stuff.
Truly a solid 9/10 experience.
10/10 would get drug by an invisible force to another monster again and again
funny and fun
O.P.E.P.
good
oui
increible juego para pasar divirtiendote con tus amigos <3
Extremely fun and goofy game to play with groups from 2 to 4 people. 10/10 super fun.
peak
Best i have ever spent on a game, immeasurable amounts of fun with friends!
g
avec mon ami de longues dates, j'ai pu une nouvelle facette de notre entre courage et nous nous sommes dans des endroits fallacieux entre tourments et
Le de est ma foi et minime est prometteur.
Es un juego muy divertido, en solitario cumole su rol de sorpresa y terror. En grupo ya se va al pasto mal por las situaciones graciosas. Lo recomiendo 100%
amazing game
funny af loved it mate, great time
pinche juego increible
This is the goofiest horror co-op game and I love it.
Bisschen wie Content Warning und Lethal Company aber Lethal Company besser
I recommend this game. It's a very fun time with a group of friends.
10 10
Es muy entretenido, obviamente jugando con amigos se disfruta mas
I may have shit my pants once or twice
10 10
mega
JBL speaker
Great game, you just die more too your friends than to monsters
very fun
Haven't laughed this hard for a long time playing a game
prefect.
Zajebista
ye
robots
It's hilarious, but I often find myself dead because of the very low regenerating and slow sprinting. I get it, your supposed to get the upgrades and blah blah blah, but I it takes what feels like 5 minutes to regen stamina to 10/40 (default max stamina)
BUT! There is one thing to remedy this it the TTS.
Wait- Don't ask. just search a video or type something in chat.
(I reccomend typing attttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt into in-game chat BTW)
Red number bad, green number good.
Games a blast to play with a group of friends, glad to have had a chance to play with them
fun game to play
A very funny game, play alone or with friends :D. Collect stuff, sell and get upgrades to get stronger faster.
si
FHCFHGH
Es demasiado bueno con amigos; cada vez que juego son risas aseguradas. Lo he jugado unas cuantas horas y es muy bueno, sus me gustan mucho como el chat de voz por proximidad, la voces de los robots, los mobs, los power-ups, etc. Si llegan a agregar actualizaciones con contenido muy bueno para el juego, pero actualmente si vale la pena comprarlo si es que tienes amigos con jugarlo.
Awesome game! The physics aren't the best, but the wacky physics makes the game funny as can be. Recommend to play with 2 or more friends. If less than 3 players, it's nowhere near as fun.
Hacerte bolita, el juego.
lubie pana i klauna
en general es muy bueno hasta este punto, lo unico malo seria es que no hay modo multijugador para jugar con otras personas
very fun with friends love the voice changing with items and text to voice jump scares beware traps hurt you and team mates too
hj
es como un lethel company pero los personajes son robots y son monstruos bastantes dificiles
Better than Assassin creed Nga
Nice
git
ITS SOSFUN
rkfc
El audio del micro no funciona en steam deck con cascos por cable.
El mejor juego que me he podido hechar en cara, da igual si solo sois 2 jugadores o que las risas te las hechas.
Es totalmente adictivo 100/100
solo e jugado 1 hora y pico lo e jugado solo con una persona y nos emos descojonado asi que es muy bueno
Lol
Very fun game that is just as fun whether you have 1 friend or 5. hilarious when you have a lot of friends challenging sometimes buggy but worth the price of admission and the game is very easy on the wallet. Dev's seem to actually care about the game and listen to the community and are vocal about their progress and their projects. even if you just want to get it to have fun with on weekends I highly recommend you get it added to the library.
Muito bom, mas melhor em grupo pra aproveitar de todas
jeu tellement drole avec ses amis
10 10
WOW 10/10
good
This is one of the best horror games out there right now. It is very good for playing with your friends but if you want it to be super scary play it by yourself. If you want a funny, challenging horror experience to play with friends this is the one to get. If you enjoy this game I would recommend Murky Divers, Lethal Company, and Content Warning. Love it, Buy it.
hardd
Great with the gang.
5
My teammates are denting my progress more than the monsters
10/10
game looks really fun i just wish there was online multiplayer.
fun with friends
Definitely recommended. It's a more funny than horror take on a haunted place ransack game but that makes it all the better.
My opinions on it to the devs, work on the weapons so they ACTUALLY work. At best, the mines and shotgun are the only weapons that do much damage.
si
good
-invadi uma casa
-roubei a casa com meus amigos
-fui molestado por um homem
-fui desmembrado por um freira com cauda de ornitorrinco
-me reviveram
-fui brutalmente molestado por um pato
jogo 10/10, recomendo pra quem tem amigos idiotas
I prefer this over Lethal Company mostly because it's doable with 2 people, but have not done it solo yet. I don't have many friend's.
F.U.N.
For Friends.
Ultra Funny.
Nice Game.
eh visto como un fantasma con risa de deprabado me lleva hasta lo mas oscuro de los lugares, como una cabeza se comio a mi amigo, como por un alien fui azotado contra el suelo, y como siendo 6 personas jugando no pasamos al nivel 6, es el mejor juego de este estilo, mas que lethal, yo le doy un 100/100
100 10!
-Time spent waiting: 3 hours
-Time spent playing: 50 minutes
-Times lobby has been closed: 48
-Enjoyement: Max
-Would recommend: Yes
Cons: smiley face is scaryy
very fun
je velmi ale s random lidmi aby jste mohli s random lidmi na jejich discord jinak bomba
relationships are temporary. i have no more friends after i broke the $7000 vase
10 10
very gud
You can bully your friends, recommend it.
10/10 - Would die by physics again
cigany az egesz
:)
Very fun with a few friends, hopefully they start rolling out some updates and keeping the game alive <3
The teletubbies must have been mad desperate for work, huh?
amazing gameplay I was stuck in a tight room with my friend and we did buttstuff
really fun! i enjoy being thrown by the monsters
Lets break in and rob some demons of their stuff
Peak
Tarpin je recommande (quand vous plusieurs)
fun times for everyone!
I like chez
:=)
Got this for me and my son ,he has done nothing but giggle all the way though playing it today ,a great father son bonding moment over this some what oddly magical game
Dlouho jsem se jako tady, hru jsme s a hra za to. 10/10! :D
NAVI!
tam aglarla
funny
they are so loud all the time
My teammates Trowwling
zajebiste
Cause: ClientTimeout 1
Playing fetty wap while thieving and hideing from monsters 10/10
385
screamed so loud i got kicked out. 10/10
Laughing my ass off while playing this game
Game of the year
Fun Game Great Community Loved Streaming It
good game i love it but i dont have friends thats the problem
esta bueno bu
fun!
The only game that puts you in a freeforall if you suck at the game 10/10
lingan-guli-guli-goo-li-wacha-lingangu, lingangu, lingan-guli-guli-goo-li-wacha-lingangu, linganguuuuuuuuuuu
funny
A duck got me killed
10/10
game of the year 2025
Fanum taxman cant get my robot juggletang y lang
funny game
EPIC
YUH
tuff
Super divertente, consiglio di giocarlo con gli amici siete vi divertite, io ci ho lasciato i polmoni :)
fun game me and my friend were being dumb for 3 hours
while this game is new it is great fun, not knowing everything the creatures do, and just having a fun time with a grp of friends on a night of super funny moments and hijinx
Fun + sympa
sex update needed
Monsters hate it but i got bills to pay and perks to pop so capitalism it is
3,
10 10
the emoji is annoying, but the the fun times you will have if you have friends is top notch
Friend yelled and *I* got shot. This game is superior
Love this game. I have laughed until I cried.
REPO is a game where you play an Android mascot muppet out to reposess items from, (from what I can gather) Albus Dumpledore after he racked up a large debt playing gatcha games
Just like lethal company, you gather items for a certain amount of cash, you and your crew need to collect, and you receive a paycheck after each mission you can spend on certain items.
The story may be somewhat similar, but REPO comes with extra bells and whistles. Pratically every drawer and door is openable, you can hide from monsters and enemies in various places, a multitude of items are interactable and do different fun things, you can share your own health with an injured teammate, and if you all fail to complete a job, you all will be thrown into a funny battle royale to find who is KING OF THE LOOSERS.
If you liked lethal company and silly fun games, you will enjoy this one for sure. Only problem is, you really want to play this with friends
this game is so skibidi :3
goated game
Zajebista gierka
Must play with friends, the game is hilarious!
228
Peak
spermik
fun game with friends
Vaya locura de juego, totalmente recomendado
love it, so funny XD
Nice to play with friends
lustig und gruselnd zugleich
amazing game! it was a blast playing with friends!
sammen med venner. Lyden er fantastisk inne spillet, og det er 3D lyd. Anbefaler virkelig repo til de som ikke har det enda:)
Taxes
ooouuuch my head
The game play is fantastic. The requirement to work well with others is something missing from so many games now days. NEED MORE LIKE THIS!
R.E.P.O.
My gf managed to throw a monster into a pit
Only for the monsters remains to fling up out of said pit, bounce off a shelf, and hit her square in the face
Sending her into the pit as well
10/10 would recommend
great game
bla bla bla ble ble ble blu blu blu MI GENTE OIGAN ESTO LINGAN GULI GULI GULI GUACHA LINGAN GUUU LINGAN GUUU LINGAN GULI GULI GULI GUACHA LINGAN GUUU LINGAN GUUUU
goofy ahh lethal company
R.E.P.O. is even more fun than lethal company!
the most fun ive had on a video game in a long time. thank you repo
you asking me if I would recommend this game? in very short and direct answer. YES. i'm surprised i was being asked that. there shouldn't be an "No" option! This game needs to be broadcasted on television and talked about in school. I could go on and on how good it is, but do I have to? just get it! buy it! please try it out! you can check on my profile how long i been playing this and let me tell yall it is THAT good. but i shall still tell you what i like about it. cuteness overload :) The ingame voice chat is so adorable whenever someone speaks their little robot mouth moves ;-; i just can't take this cuteness anymore. also the way you can mess with your friends, this too funny! besides that the actual point of the game is collecting stuff and being chased by monsters which adds a lot to the thrill and aventure. i don't even have any negative thoughts. maybe one? it's still under development, so i'm sure new maps are coming but that's my only ask. if you found the time to read all of this then you should also find the time to play it yourself and just have a good time man! this game is awesome :)
it is a fun game that is simaliar to lethal company and a lot of people will enjoy it!
great game
Es un juegazo
nice game
GHJFGYFDF
Amazing, great for shits and giggles make me shit myself many times but it's great. only problem is that i can't play much when im being attacked like a victim of a terrorist attack.
laff faces goes. hahaha very good
R.E.P.O. is absolute chaos in the best way possible! Had so much fun playing with friends the teamwork, the betrayals, the ridiculous hilarious every time. Whether we were flawlessly pulling off a mission or failing miserably, we were always laughing. Definitely one of the best co-op experiences had in a while!
Fun, especially with friends. small bug with some doors not being able to be walked through for some people during a map but others could.
Simplemente juegazo
GOOD GAME! MUST PLAY WITH FRIENDS THO
holey moley
100/10
Uma obra de arte
boring
This game is incredible, I highly recommend it, fun to play with friends
Good luck
Amo completamente <3
- spat on a blind guy holding a double barrel, got 180 no scoped
- got drop kicked into an endless hole by a teammate
- hit with a bat to become a homerun baseball
- cute duck pet
muito massa ate o seu amigo te jogar no monstro
Soundpad
Nois vai descer pra bc
ye
hyba beli
zajebiste
med gutta
billion dollar company puts out a trash game with tons of problems this small group of freinds made a game with the best prefrmance yet no crashes nothing perfect 10/10
my friend s dont like me for some reason
LMAO LMFAO LOL WOW OMG OML AMAZING FUNNY COOL HOORAY
geil
physics good
tem chat e pode falar coisas
Even though this game is in early access it is really fun and its even better with friends.
very funny and good game would recommend.
This is both hilarious and addictive. I've been streaming this on my Twitch channel.
the best game
duck
bom
ha-ha or AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Mega
trash game
4
very fun very scarry
ESSE JOGO E O MELHOR PARA JOGAR COM OS AMIGOS E INCRIVEL
excelente juego para morir de risa con tus amigos, y pasar horas jugando
fire
An alien lifted me into the air as I was stabbed by gnomes, and eaten by a floating head. 10/10 would repossess belongings again
poggers
Provide for the creator.
fun game. no bugs
funny
nono to big guy
hab mich fett erschrocken deswegen -rep
Cool mais sans plus pas d'objectif et les games qui sont
good
GUD
i like it
fun game, easier with friends
ale skvela hra
repo is really sexy and awesome, but you know what else is awesome, my glorious suckable and hammer wielding king lebron james, he is honestly so damn hot if he asked if he can put it in, i would say yes please do it now im begging for it king.
.i.
i love to pickup dogs and sell them to this game so they may live cuz theres many chinese out there
sigma and very good
I got this game to play with some friends of mine! It's fun and the physics based gameplay is super cool!
However: some monsters definitely need some adjustments and re-balancing. More obvious sound/visual cues would be awesome, especially when they're roaming around and not just when they spot and begin attacking a player (the Apex Predator and Gnomes have really nice sound cues and are fun to deal with). It is less fun when you repeatedly lose games to high damage monsters (like Robe, Headman, Hunstman, etc) by not knowing they're there in the first place.
This game is not very forgiving. It is a nice canvas for silly times with friends, though.
I am excited to see it improve overtime!
In my humble but ultimate and the best and the greatest of all time opinion, I think R.E.P.O is far far better than Lethal or Content Warning, I feel it is alot more comforting and forgiving than it's other competition. But please remove the aliens.
this game is the only game that made me shit myself because i seen a duck.
Entrei no jogo, abri uma porta, apareceu um velho com uma espingarda, me escondi, espirrei sem querer e ele me matou.
Cinema
hourglass
Nerfeen al de la escopeta
This game is super fun and silly, awesome game to play with friends. But please for the love of all that is holy, you gotta change that steam banner. It looks terrible and almost makes the game look like a scam.
fajna gra
very fun
I like the duck
3
:
-
soundpad simulator
really fun game to play with friends and family really recommend it
Best game of its genre imo, although not as scary as something like Phasmophobia
Mal was Anderes aber die Steuerung ist echt nicht die Beste und leider auf dem Steamdeck auch nicht Spielbar
Epic
Chums
Fun to play with friends
- Loaded into a game with 3 friends
- Got a statue worth 20k
- 4 of us could barely lift it to the cart
- A small fat ugly baby runs at us
- Picks up the statue with absolute ease
- Ugly baby proceeds to lunch the statue at us at mach 8
- We all die
10/10
great game change the logo
idlk
Super fun with friends and almost equally as frustrating at times. Text to speech is cherry on top.
The emoji is just arse cancer.
the boys
good
YES
yuh
Touched the cute duck.
Wasn't very cute afterwards.
Pants: Shat.
On s'ennuie. go lethal ?
Alt+tab simulateur (quand tu meurs et qu'il faut attendre les autres joueurs, sauf que pas de timer.)
Un de couloir et d'objet pas si contrairement lethal la surabondance de ses derniers les rendes
La de devoir porter les objets et plus frustrante qu'autre chose.
funni
i fed my friend to a monster. felt pretty good
yes
This game is AMAZING! better than lethal company!
very very fun
Chums
So. ye great game heard linganggulli for the 20th time in a scarry moment
yes
lethal company is better
lethal company if it locked in
Chums
very good game :)
eu estava conversando com meus amigos e falei, os monstros desse jogo facil de fugir.
2 milisegundos depois fui recebido com 3 tiro de doze
muy xd
10 10
GAMENYA ASIK, TAPI LOAD SAVE SERING CRASH. WAKTU MAU SAVE DI SERVICE STATION, TERUS MAU MASUK LAGI SERING HILANG LOAD SAVE NYA. GAADA YANG LEBIH NYEBELIN DARIPADA GAME PROGRESS TAPI LOAD SAVE NYA BUG
Chaos shopping with friends. 10/10
i like
Very nice if you have friends to play with
best game i have played in years, adding mods is good too, super happy that the game is multiplayer and its just a good chaotic game to play with your friends, overall glad i spent $10 on this game. i know it has more to come whatever you do please don't sell to a big company, i feel like many people will be playing this even after popularity runs out. i stopped gaming for awhile couldn't find the fun in it, with this game i feel that fun again.
You will laugh but you will also have heart palpitations
R.E.P.O. Recolhendo Pagando as Contas
Se parece trabalhar com de na vida real, imagina quando seus fantasmas! R.E.P.O. transforma essa ideia maluca em um jogo cooperativo cheio de sustos e caos, onde e seus amigos assumem o papel de agentes de uma empresa especializada em recuperar bens de assombradas.
Jogabilidade Horror com um Toque de
O jogo mistura furtividade e uma boa dose de O objetivo simples: entrar em abandonados e recuperar objetos valiosos enquanto lida com os que nada felizes com sua
Aqui, furtividade e fazem a Diferente de jogos de terror convencionais, onde a luta uma em R.E.P.O. a depende da e do trabalho em equipe. Cada tem desafios diferentes, e a forma como os fantasmas reagem torna cada
Tudo
Jogar sozinho funciona, mas a verdadeira do jogo no multiplayer. Coordenar a equipe, dividir tarefas e lidar com as inesperadas gera momentos e aterrorizantes. As partidas podem variar entre e puro caos, dependendo do grupo (e do
Atmosfera e Trilha Sonora
O visual sombrio e os detalhados criam uma assustadora, mas o jogo equilibra bem o terror com um tom Os efeitos sonoros aumentam a e as dos jogadores tornam a ainda mais divertida.
✅ Pontos Positivos
Terror cooperativo com uma pegada
Jogabilidade e
Trabalho em equipe faz toda a
Fantasmas e eventos variados a fresca
❌ Pontos Negativos
❌ Jogar sozinho pode ser divertido
❌ Pode ser um pouco repetitivo muitas partidas
Nota pessoal: 8/10 Uma mistura perfeita de susto e zoeira! Se curte jogos cooperativos e tem amigos para entrar na R.E.P.O. uma escolha certeira.
Tempo de uma partida: 15 a 30 minutos
Dam good game that makes even bugs funny as hell. Every moment of pure panic situations made the funniest moments I would have come across in a long run! Definitely recommend and cant wait to see what it holds in the future.
I love my friends :)
Games alright too I guess
Soy un padre de 56 probablemente una de las personas viejas que juegan este juego. Soy padre soltero de mi hijo, que ahora tiene 14 Mi hijo recientemente REPO y en menos de una semana, ya jugado durante de 20 horas. Esto fue terrible para ya que ya era bastante para pasar tiempo con mi hijo, ya que siempre sale con sus amigos o simplemente mira videos en Tiktok. que crear una cuenta de Steam y comprar este juego para ver si jugar junto a el juego, hice el tutorial pero estaba atascado en lo que se que hacer. Le ayuda a mi hijo y un juego para que yo me uniera. Me porque era el mejor momento que pasado con mi hijo desde que mi esposa muerto. Desde entonces, este juego ha acercado a mi hijo y a nuevamente y ahora pasamos tiempo juntos fuera de la casa. Este juego me que hay en todo, y nos ha tanto a como a mi hijo muchos recuerdos felices.
Steam Cloud Error scares me
its chill
I still really like Lethal Company, and without it, this game wouldn't exist. But, if I'm being completely honest, I think this game is better. The game play still retains it's difficulty, ESPECIALLY if you are playing alone, while being more enjoyable. The physics is amazing, really reminding me of Half Life 2 which is something that games lack nowadays. The game knows how to be decently scary while also being hilarious. Lethal may have more monsters, but this one seems to have more variety (also this game is early access so there's bound to be more to come). Also FINALLY a horror game that doesn't have the overused 173 mechanic (have to look at it or it kills you), I've gotten sick of it after how many games have it. Overall amazing game, with and without friends, but much harder without. If you like Lethal Company, you'll LOVE this game. 100% Worth the money. Also, you wont need much system requirements! It's a small game with minimal requirements, so almost anyone can play if they have the money. Highly recommend.
Monsters hate capitalism, and I respect that, but I still gotta pay that rent.
Fun game with friends
Lot's of screaming, lot's of fun.
toooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooot arsch
game is fun if you can find ppl to play with the devs seem like they actually want to work on the game
it fun but i dont have any frends who use steam :{
Just stick to leathal company game is garbage
esta bien kgado si juegas con amigos, spoiler no tengo amigos, alguien pa jugarlo?
fakat benim gibi korkak bir varsa size
You need to add invert view and then thumbs up
replay-ability in this game is insane!
nice
`
its just not as fun as people promised
the good part about this game that stands out to me is the style - its very cute and i appreciate the amount of effort these guys put into it.
the bad begins as soon as you start actually playing the game with friends:
- dying still makes you have to go afk for a solid 5-10 minutes until someone completes an extraction point just to get instakilled by another monster that is simply faster than you. the amount of stamina you get is laughable and the fact that you have to get through multiple levels just to get it to an acceptable level is not really encouraging at all. it really just feels like the game is encouraging a playstyle where you just hide from the monsters (because you are simply just not strong enough to kill them on your own) that instakill you/drain your health really fast for a solid 5 minutes and pray they're gone only to find them again and have to hide for another 5 minutes. it just drags out the game a lot and i really don't like it.
- the mobs feel very unpredictable. i enjoy playing games without having to search up shit and i came into this game with very little to no prior knowledge about it besides some really funny clips and some of the stuff mobs do as soon as they see you feels very unfair (despite thinking i've encountered them enough to know what they do), such as destroying all of your loot (without even knowing that they can do that in the first place), grappling you to them (and instakilling you), crouching (and instakilling you) or even just slightly tilting (and STILL instakilling you because you really have no other choice due to your insanely low stamina/sprint speed) despite hiding like the game intends you to due to its horror aesthetic.
- unlike lethal company, once everyone dies you don't get an option to continue and you're sent all the way back, which i feel is very damn punishing.
- the physics and general character movement feel REAAAALLLLYY clunky and slow and not satisfying at all to play with what is i feel one of the game's biggest selling points besides providing more variety for progression between levels such as extra jumps and range. weapons meant for killing enemies feel really clunky and uncontrollable as well.
just go play lethal company or something until this game becomes genuinely enjoyable
`
really fun game, it so hilarious that i keep laughing at every corner xD
Fuck the animal enemy
please friend me
w game
good with friends
this game is crazy its like content warning and lethal company mixed 10/10
Un juego muy recomendable, si ya jugaste a juegos como Lethal Company o Content Warning este es tu juego, si te gusta jugar con amigos y no teneis ni idea de que jugar este es vuestro juego, si tambien eres troll y te gusta fastidiar en este tipos de juegos tambien te lo recomiendo, muy pero muy recomendable!
it fun gaem
very fun game with friend i recomand this game to everyone
this game is a good game to learn how to be Romanian
im an addict
Jogo de petista, cara ta de boas rico e do nada vem fantasma preto e roba tudo, FAZ O L
Giga fajna kupa z kolegami i :3
10/10
Newest brain rot as all my friends turn stupid and headbutt into monsters
10/10
A really fun game to play with your friends and just to have a silly time
this is funna be the next lethal company
5-11
mt bom
Really fun game to play with friends can't wait for more updates!
10/10
mto divertido recomendo com os amigos.
2 1000
LET PEOPLE KICK OUT OF LOBBY
My friend Fell in love with me 10/10
fun
Pue la merde
Funny LOVE IT
Very fun with friends
Great game with greater potential
:D
me like
999
10 10
SEXO!
jak nwm co polecam fajnie i kolega dochodzi
Me piden que describa si me gusto y si, lo recomiendo. Es mejor jugarlo con amigos, es divertido.
AHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAA
fun and funny with family or friends
Macht echt
juegazo para jugarlos con amigos
Jeu mal monstres qui peuvent te spawn au visage, en plus de quand ils ont de camper un endroit, leurs choix est fait, ils resteront cet endroit et pour terminer le le plus scandaleux de ce jeu, tu ne peux pas jouer en coop avec des randoms Content Warning on a le jeu parce que tu ne pouvais pas choisir de serveur (on rejoignait des randoms) alors que c'est tu ne peux pas jouer avec des randoms tout cours. les gars, nous sommes en 2025. le jeu le prix que lethal, alors que dans lethal, y a plus de contenu. Je vous conseille d'attendre un peu avant d'acheter le jeu, malheureusement le jeu n'est pas encore le principe est sur papier, mais je conseil fortement aux de au plus vite, au moins le fait qu'on puisse jouer en ligne.
<3
it is a great game which you can play with 6 friends. this game is like lethal company & content warning type you steal items from random maps and sell them, with the money you've got you can get abilities or items that will upgrade ur gameplay, there will be definitely funny moments while you play.
WHoa box
I a Very beautiful game
fun
HHHE4S RIHTG BEHIND ME INSNT HE?
yaah baby
-rep
rapeo
estava jogando com meu amigo, estavamos com pouca vida e levando uma caixa de 11.000 de repente um grupo de gnomos apareceram e a destruir a caixa ele furioso a atacar eles em quando uma criatura alta e negra gritou e o atacou o explodindo em minha frente eu fiquei paralisado rindo e fui a proxima vitima 10/10
Ce jeu est fait pour vous si vous voulez rigoler avec vos amis
ITS JUST BETTER
si
10 10
soundpad 10/10
Es un juego muy divertido para jugar con tus amigos en de maravillosos tesoros en fabricas y escuelas encantadas y gigantes de la zona. Recordad que este juego es de terror por la variedad de criaturas e entidades que merodean el lugar. Sin duda, Muy Recomendable para los amantes del terror y la entre amigos!
10/10
1
just utterly splendid
yes
yippi
Good game. I would recommend removing the emoji on the front though because a lot of people (including myself) will just scroll past it because of it. I only learned that this game is actually cool because I saw it on YouTube.
f
Top
eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs
muy bueno el juego!
Very fun game. You can say and type whatever you want. A lot of funny moments can and will be found here! Highly Recommend!
Fun asf alone and with friends
kalo mau jadi bodo rame rame ini asik betul ges 10/10
This REPO game aint no game
Don't buy this if you have a weak internet connection (less than 2 megabytes per second)
finfinfinfinfinfinfinfinfinfinfin
play with friends have soundpad or this is so boring
It's such a fun game. I am honored to play while the game is still Early Access. I can feel the love the developers put into this game, and I have played it every day for almost a week. So needed in these hard times. Thank you, Devs. <3
Super fun and goofy game, got some very funny moment clips with friends out of this game. Can't wait to see what they add next into the game.
SIGMA
diddy
yes
amk rugret ne bulsa kafana
pato malo
De los mejores juegos para jugar con un grupo de amigos, es divertido hasta decir basta. El chat de voz funciona genial, no hace falta discord. Sin duda recomendado por el precio que tiene.
saquen el producto final pronto.
Love playing friends or just chilling by myself
2025
Ayoo :-;
btyndxyxdrwwbg
i can say the n word
now this is game the monsters and there ability are crazy and you can feel the intense of the game as you move forward that is if your a single player man like me but i bet with other players it's gonna be funny gameplay
xisde
Great game
i HATE THE BABY me and my friend kille 3 of them, just to have an army of 5 come and pick up their corpses and throw them at us
very fun to play with friends or family and maybe guilt free
aboba
funniest game i've played in years
I'm Reping it.
New streamer sloppa of the month dropped. If you have friends, you'll have a good time. I can't imagine this being any kind of fun as a solo player. That's it. Some monsters are literal non-threats and others are game-warping and annoying. But cool enough.
HUMANITY IS DEAD
MONEY IS FUEL
THE C.A.R.T IS FULL
Breaks into manor, gets no-scoped by blind man! 10 out of 10 gameplay!
pretty good! need open lobbys so i can find a husband
zoebis
Everything is civil until one of you buys a gun
Physics do not make this game intuitive enough at all. Are we done making these kinds of games yet?
me caguei, me mijei, me ri, me faleci
recomendo
BEST GAME EVA
its the best! wo
Me gusta
s
+ rep
very fun game with sound board
hi
i found a big ball then hit a chair it exploded then i got shot in the head and exploded by some blind guy 10/10 game
oynamak isteyen ekleyebilir kral ya ekip
fun game :3
10/10 great time with friends and teamwork
Scooby-Doo simulator.
FUN AND FUNNY, BETTER WITH FRIENDS
ok
Oynamak isteyenler eklesin ekip var
just a single sentence. LOT OF FUN
Juegazo
Singleplayer is hard at first but after you start to understand the AI and hear their ambient sounds you get better, heading into level 3 wish me luck, haven't played mp yet but I know it'll be a blast
It's a fun game
Gut
FUNNY ASS GAME
good
Mit Pfannen auf Babys eindreschen. 5/7 - ich wieder machen!
mostr
fun
Love playing this with friends but get rid of the emojis
VERY GOOD GAME
fum
bon jeux
Lustiges Spiel was man am besten in einer Gruppe spielt.
10/10
R.E.P.Ositivo
)
100%
sehr sehr geiles game
tenha amigos
IM scared
it is very funnny
ta buenoooooooooooo
sex sex sex
goated game
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
bla bla bla blu blu blu ble ble ble
muy bueno sisi
Whole game is trying to collect items and hide. Extremely boring, maybe fun for 30 min.
Fun and chaotic. Like lethal company but more funny and slightly less scary.
make sure you have friends unlike me
THIS GAME IS SO GOOD but i dont have friend only to one of them is a camper the other one have a 2000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999 ping
-
9
Was trying to carry a painting up a flight of stairs. Some one yells about a floating head. It somehow doesn't see me as I crawl in front of it into a hiding spot. It stares at the corner I'm hiding in before turning around to leave. Nearby friend laughs. The floating head turns to bolt for the corner to kill to people hiding in the wardrobe right next to me. A friend's head rolls by. It leaves.
It killed 4/6 of us, 10/10
:)
es epico
sigma
funny
muy buen juego para cagrse de risa con amigos
muito bom
MUY BUENO.
W
eh. games fun but monsters are never ending and destroy all the loot constantly. loot breaks too easily when just trying to move it
very very fun
"Oh there is a diamond!" *breaks* "Oh there is a vase!" *breaks*
rkfcc
ale to fajne
Goty
Despues de 8 horas jugando con amigos te das cuenta de la cantidad de neuronas que pueden juntar 4 personas en momentos de tension como estos. 10/10
10 10
very funny game yes funny
BOMBOCLAT
get to level 3 and lose all the money to a gnome.
)
Esse jogo muito bom, e ainda faz muito tempo que e esta perfeito! recomendo jogar com amigos em grupo, porque alguns itens pesados e tem uma experiencia melhor do que o single player, mais mesmo assim esse jogo bom de todas as formas. Espero que esse jogo mais ainda e que tenha o idioma
Very fun game. Lots of laughs with friends and getting to higher levels is addictive.
asd
Banger
10/10 hra pri ktorej sa fakt
great game with friends
Didn't think I would be playing this game for so long, definitely one of the best party game experiences you can have!
If you enjoyed lethal company, this is for you, and if you did not cause it was too hard, this is also for you! As an easier version that can be more casual and fun!
R.E.P.O. ist das perfekte Spiel, um mit Freunden eine richtig gute Zeit zu haben und sie dabei aus Versehen (oder mit voller Absicht) umzubringen!
Die Monster sind abwechslungsreich: Zum Beispiel gibt es einen unsichtbaren Perversen, der dich quer die Map zerrt aber eigentlich ein netter Kerl ist. Oder ein niedliches kleines Entchen, das absolut keinen mag und dich gnadenlos umlegt, wenn du es versehentlich anfasst.
Falls du schon immer mal wissen wolltest, wie es deine Freunde mit Granaten in die Luft zu jagen im Shop kannst du das tun, ohne schlechtes Gewissen! Sie spawnen einfach mit vollem Leben neu, sobald ihr den Shop verlasst. Eine Win-Win-Situation alle eure Freundschaften).
Auch die Items sorgen reichlich Chaos: Eine Puppe, die dich umbringt, wenn du sie zu nah an dich oder eine Spieluhr, die nicht nur sich selbst, sondern auch dich im Kreis drehen Perfekt alle, die gerne orientierungslos durch die taumeln.
Kurz gesagt: R.E.P.O. ist ein herrlich Koop-Spiel, das euch oder eure Freundschaften in einem Feuerball enden Aber hey, solange alle haben, das doch als Erfolg, oder?
por favor, agreguen la de invertir eje Y
please add the option to invert Y
:)
good game
repo
=(
Good game with friends
Amazing 10/10 super funny
I LOVE this game when you have friends but if you don't welp lets just say you will die alot
lustig
)
fun and scary
good game, good laughs.
good game
It's fun but holy * the marketing is terrible, the steam page for this game is easily some of the worst marketing for a game this popular
You can say the gamer word with text-to-speech
bought the game played it did not stop playing it for 6 hours
Funny
"R.E.P.O."
It has such a goofy and scary vibe to it its soooo fun to play with friends 100% recoomended
banger
385
Gohrtw smells even more
kinda gass
Gra roku XDD
yes very good
fun
good co-op horror game and somewhat hard
Je peux faire un PoV Kurt Cobain, 10/10
OOOOO
It's scary but not too scary. Each enemy has its own unique characteristic. some are sound based, some sight based, others are location based. They're all lovable and hated in their own way- except the baby. I hate that baby and there's nothing to love about it lol.
My thoughts are that its more fun than Lethal Company.
Es un juego muy bueno para jugar entre amigos. Aunque sea un poco de miedo al final te ries muchisimo
Hey, so you know that other game that EVERYONE is comparing this to, and that when you first saw the trailer you remembered content warning and went, ehhhhhhhhhh, i'll pass. but then you have a friend who REALLY wants you to spend your hard earned 10 dollars on a product you're unsure of. Play with that friend. buy this game. Then, when you fall in love with it, don't be the friend who makes the new frined buy it, buy it for them.
Muy buen juego.
Eso si es muy aburrido solo, lo con 3 amigos y la experiencia es muy divertida. Lo recomiendo, mientras algun conocido lo compre
muy bueno
great game :)
gues spiel
game have funny gmod physic stuff me likey likey
skib
It's a good game that i hope in the future it will be mod supported.
I'd like to make an entire paragraph of why i like this game but. the game speaks for itself.
Juego basado, no lo jueguen
meh
so silly.
10 10.
lo mejor que en mi vida, del pito.
(
unas risas hermano
muy god
repro
arschaffenobergeiles spiel voralldem mit 6 personen ist das richtig yeil
head guy made me shit my pants 10/10 game
aeiou aeiou yyyyyyyyyyy
you need to add matchmaking to this game, whenever I press "join game" it sends me to my steam friends list, I was just hoping to play with some people but I can't. Add matchmaking so that it's easier for me and many others to play together
Se fa la fine di content warning e lethal company mi incazzo eh
Bello dai
beautiful should be game of the year.
very fun
fun
fun
fun as hell
i needed THIS
-
im only making this because i need friends too play but i do recommend
30
Game good.
Awesome game, really fun to play with friend, ideal is like with 3 - 4 people, but can be less or more.
-
Siplemente es cine
XD
One of the most funniest games I have ever played that also won't hestitate to scare the living out of you. May ruin friendships due to carrying heavy stuff together and destroying it but oh well. who cares ;D
10 10
The new lethal company is truly amazing, I love the overall mix between scares and comedy. I would highly recommend with soundboards!
Juego chistoso entre amigos JAJAJA, lo recomiendo
nalli game bc bar bar loading pe stuck horaha hun
buenisimo
Very funny and scary at the same time!
cool
jes
AHUENNO
I LOVE IT WHEN MY DUMBASS TM8S FLUSH ME DOWN THE FUCKING TOILET EVERY TIME I GET KNOCKED
it lowkey turns me on tho
EINAI APLA COOL
I reccomend this game to anyone with friends,except friends that throw the gold bison into the lava pit
bello
norm
GREAT GAME WILL REALL LOVE TO SEE WERE IT GOES
soundpad,
YO this game looked like some russian guy made it in 1 week and posted it but this game lowkey fire.
was blasting 'im gonna make you pop like that'
funny af with friends
It touched me in places and I liked it
Its a Very fun game to play with your friends. But hopefully they add an online mode
trop marrant
Terrifiant en solo, hilarant en groupe, c'est tout simplement excellent 25h de jeu on s'ennuie toujours pas, j'adore en apprendre plus sur les monstres, les et les objets, il y a toujours moyen de faire mieux qu'a la partie. Foncez!
good but needs joinable lobbies
First: It was Lethal Company
Second: It was Content Warning
Now its Walking talking trashcans
Honestly the most funniest shit ive played so far, its like lethal company with item physics, and content warning's player and enemy physics, this game is honestly a steal, worth every cent, and also works great while playing alone, plus the community and the devs are pretty wholesome. 10/10, solid game
This game is so freaking fun. I really enjoy playing it and like trying not to destroy everything I find. I can't wait to see where this game goes in the future.
REALLY GOOD
Super silly. Super replayable. Can't wait for more updates!
El 90% del tiempo en este juego me lo pase cagando a palos a un amigo, me gusto mucho, pero la shockwave granade no funciona como en fortnite
lethal company gta 5 online. Repo - -
ESTA RE BUENO PARA JUGAR CON PANAS
Type shi, you already know what this game is
Este juego es droga pura
No es un simple juego donde re robas las cosas de una casa, hay monstruos y situaciones muy divertidas con amigos, si tu objetivo es ser un jugador casual esta bien, pero si le quieres dedicar mas de 2 horas de tu vida vas a morir sin duda alguna y vas a empezar de nuevo jugaras por otras 2 horas una y otra vez y en menos de una semana ya mas de 30 horas de juego dos reprobados, un despido de tu trabajo y una pelea con tu novia que un de $6000 que no quiso esperar a que le ayudaras >:(.
comprarlo y renuncia a tu vida normal
Sehr vor allem mit Freunden es ist wie lethal Company aber in gut.
Kann ich nur empfehlen
iyi iyi iyi
R.E.P.A.O
watch as my friend was getting chased by a big head and steped on the land mine
Das Game macht mega mit freunden <3 nur zu Empfehlung, euch das Game! ^
Who up repin they o?
so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool
1
Jeu type "lethal compagnie" mais en bien mieux je trouve, un jeu qui arrive vous faire de petite frayeur et vous faire mourir de rire dans la minutes. L'animation des perso participe beaucoup fun des games. Un must have surtout vue son prix. En des mise jours dans le temps, bref foncez
I love the physics
fun
jbl
morde, w gacie, nie mieszkam w moim domu, matka mnie
Polecam
Richard. I have the capsule.
fefswe
definitely fun with friends!
wtf is this emoji banner i feel molested
QUE JOGO BOM! Fazia muito tempo que eu jogava um jogo divertido, nem sou chegando em jogos de terror mas esse vale muito a pena, principalmente se juntar alguns amigos! Valeu cada centavo! aos desenvolvedores. que o jogo tenha pouca variedades de inimigos, tem bastante mas senti falta de algo parecido como um mimico, que repete o que ou seus amigos falam, seria divertido ter um inimigo assim!
"Este juego es una obra maestra. Desde el primer momento, su envolvente y sus impresionantes te sumergen por completo en la experiencia. La jugabilidad es fluida y bien equilibrada, con intuitivas que ofrecen un justo y satisfactorio. Cada nivel cuidadosamente lo que mantiene el y la en todo momento.
La historia es cautivadora, llena de giros inesperados y personajes bien desarrollados que realmente te hacen sentir parte del mundo del juego. La banda sonora y los efectos de sonido complementan perfectamente la aumentando la y la intensidad de cada momento.
la al detalle en los escenarios y en la de los personajes es impresionante. Los desarrolladores han hecho un trabajo excepcional al crear una experiencia que no solo es entretenida, sino memorable. Ya sea que disfrutes de la el combate o la estrategia, este juego tiene algo para todos.
En definitiva, es una experiencia que supera expectativas y deja con ganas de seguir jugando. Sin duda, uno de los mejores juegos en mucho tiempo. recomendado para cualquier amante de los videojuegos!" GRACIAS
The
Top po
Dude, honestly such a good time, love all the cool monsters that you can encounter. Scared my friend by walking around a corner and saying "Boo!", really great. Also am very into the monster with a ton of feet, called it "The Footjob"
5
fun, i can flush my brother down toilet
30
most defiantly worth it game of the year
ClientTimeout
Best multiplayer horror game :D
haha press q and then i throw in pit bahaha
gd
Very fun.
11 5
Super fun game to play with friends
best game
Ya un patito de goma valer 600 euros en la vida real joder
gut
super mega
VERY COOL! love the duck and the lethal company like platform love it would reccomend if you LOVE chaos
Very nice game would recommend
most fun game to play with friend
absolutely epic
Petlas adam Onun bitane var. en geliyor. Sizi ve bilerek Elinize severseniz, konduruyor :,)
olun. daha korkutucu var kendi gibi.
100/10
very good game and funny when playing with friends
um jogo muito divertido para jogar com amigos, e tambem varias aventuras, desafios
It's a great game with friends but the only thing i don't like about it currently is theres no public lobbies but other than that its fun as hell
IM A GOOFY GOOBER
funny
10 10
very fun and scary at the same time
10 10
fun
efsane ve bi o kadar bir oyun. Kesinlikle tavsiye ederim
Kandeez Nuts
good game but WHY is the mascot this freaky ahh looking emoji like ? it's giving gen alpha brainrot skibidi mascot horror game
olarak oyunun
2
hola soy un jubilado de 70 toda mi vida en una farmaceutica pensando que no iba a encontrar refugio ni felicidad en otra cosa que no sea clonazepam, HASTA QUE ESTE JUEGO.
Repo me da de vida y felicidad
=
Great group game, lots of laughs and hours of fun. Definitely recommend this game!
super gierka o wiele lepsze od lethal
good
/
So much fun with friends. Be prepared for belly laughs. lol 10/10
so good of a game
Una me clavo un cuchillo mientras amigos se escondian y luego nos fuimos a jugar al R.E.P.O. 9,9/10
great game needs robot sex tho
funny
VERY GOOD GAME TO PLAY WITH FRIENDS, A LOT OF FUN!
jogar com o Bruno, ai o jogo fica bom.
i love it beacuse the text chat has no cencor filter
soo cool
5
Fun
fun game to play with friends very exciting and a perfect game to play.
The game is awesome
One Word: Laughs
OYUN HERKESE TAVSIYE EDERIM
great banner
very fun gameplay
w funny game
rigolo
Es una pasada. Creo que todo el mundo que juegue con amigos deberia tener este juego, porque son risas aseguradas. Desde que juego con el ordenador, es el mejor juego que he jugado con amigos. recomiendo 100%. No se arrepentiran.
lethal company but better. cant wait to see this game grow.
the best
funny android man scream then dies
This game is AMAZING but some thing you could improve on:
* Better Mascot
* Cosmetic customization
* Public server matchmaking
* A boss mob would be pretty cool
* More maps
* Challenge mode
Other than that this game is a Masterpiece and has a lot of potential.
Veldig spill med venner
i never thought i would see the day that a andriod bot with googly eyes get beamed by a deformed clown 10/10
great game with or without mods, can't wait for future updates to see what the devs are cooking.
& don't forget to pet your nice duck friend
Very fun, need friends on steam to play!
if you have someone to play with, then it is big fun and good time. but besides all that graphics and gameplay are nice.
its fun and very chaos making and the duck is awesome
celkom sranda ked hrate s
Is good
es muy divertido y sobretodo porque compartes tiempo con amigos que es la idea de este juego ademas de ello los graficos son buenos aunque se algunos bugs con algunos personajes del juego. asi no dej de ser un juego muy divertido.
Meilleure jeu mdrr trop drole de jouer avec ses potes dessus
d
(Lethal Company, Content Warning REPO), =
fire
bla-bla-bla-ble-ble-ble.heppp, blululululululululululllulluluuuu, lingaguli-guli-guli-guli.
Repo is fun to play with friends mostly. Of course, making yourself to do challenges, you think about, you could be fun as well.
but, I'll share my thoughts anyway:
+ graphics, looks
+ you as robot
+ tutorial
+ Distant communication works pretty well
+ Not heavy for potato pc
+ fun, scary moments
+ easy to understand gameplay, enemies movements
+ funny text chat
+ have friends to play with
+ amazing devs (giving good dev blogs infos about how repo is going to look after early access)
- Slowly losing the fun, when you know, how everything works
- afraid game might lose interest for any gamers or dies, (hope not.)
- (with mods) you can only find to many cosmetics mods, than something that will make game funnier
- not recommending to play it everyday
- could be for 10 players than 6 players minimum.
Even I have almost 27 hours on this game, it slowly puts me down to play it more, knowing what enemies do, what exactly do, monsters don't scare you, like they did first time playing, I'm clearly afraid the game might die (it's just the feeling) but I'm not wishing for this game to die, I do really like Devs blogs, info's they are giving us, patiently waiting for their update, not being those people who rushes them or say bad stuff about them and game.
Highly recommending for new players to try this game, it is fun and other (not going to say what game gives) you have to find it by yourself.
Price is fine, even sale price is good to buy (always 2-hours option to refund)
Not recommending to play it 24/7. please give yourself a break or wait for updates and use mods for more fun.
On par with Lethal Company 10/10
cured my cancer
1,7h playtime
0,2h spent playing
1,5h spent spectating team because I got insta fucked
GREAT GAME
I go in I die, I get revived I die, all for what for who whom am I dying all these times for
Top
fun
kaczka cie zmutowana z laserem Zajebiste
pure tomfoolery, 10/10
Roleplay to Android System :)
super fun, even more fun if your friends hate you
pure joy
Needs multi-player if u don't have friends.
Dommage, incompatible avec les Ubuntu ou autre distribution linux, le jeux et en solo aucun pour joue, c'est en multi que le survient avec les codec audio microphone. Dommage pour un jeux simple il me pareil mal optimiser
ONE OF THE BETTER GAMES CRACK ASS GAME OUT THERE TO PLAY WITH FRIENDS
1000000/10 GAME
LOVE IT SO MUCH AND HAD SO MUCH FUN
good game
toooo good bruh im with my freands are so happyy
pure agony
Very fun game to play with friends. More maps are needed.
Fun game and funnier whit friends
fun game with friends
Bla bla bla ble ble ble blu blu blu
my firends throw me into a toilet and a flyng octopus spit on my face Very nice game you are actually gonna have some fun here
20
juste incroyable
As a person with friends who canot afford this amazinf game, its wroth the buy. Solo or not I love this game bro its aso good styop omg ok i lvoe this game plz gety itsdso silly and my grammar sucks
Very good and fun game to play with friends! I like games that are like lethal company so this one is no exception. It is so much fun and I cant wait to see what will upcoming updates bring!
jogasso da poha
:D
Un super jeu entre amis qui assure une super
4-5
very funny game, friend shot me in the face with a gun in the store.
11/10
Quack
Gioco divertentissimo e ben fatto, sperando che non lo abbandonino e che lo aggiornano sempre con ancor piu' divertenti
silly yet terrifying at times
debatably more fun than lethal company
zupper
good
comprei mas nao tenho com quem jogar add ai vamos criar um grupo pra jogar
Estaria mas guapo el juego si mis amigos me invitaran
Muito bom, pelo vale muito a pena.
10/10 with friends
Very silly most enjoyable game
Great Game
yo pensaba que el sexo era bueno
pero el R.E.P.O esta mejor
FUN AND CREEPY would advise for content warning fans
Fun, thrilling, and scary all in one. Extremely fun with friends!
hh
this game is better than Corsairs Legacy - Pirate Action RPG & Sea Battles
Valid
I think we need a conkers bad fur day map with talking toilets and doors that tell us to f*#k off.
5
funny funny
good game but i need better friends lol
Nesse jogo descobri que meus amigos incompetentes e conseguem carregar objetos simples sem quebrar eles.
like, like, repo, like,like
(
It's been a long time since I've had this much fun on a game, playing it with my fiend was a blast.
I could wish that more things were explained in the tutorial (like picking up players, the possibility of killing enemies) but honestly discovering those quirks was really fun. Could not recommend this game enough
the blind man took my appendix
blah blah blah ble ble ble blu blu blu
soundPad?
so funny
Absolute maddening fun. Nearly pissed myself multiple times from laughter and I only played it for 3 hours. Fantastic game.
Bro Repo is actually a good game
incroyable jeu
so funny if ur playing with friends, also funny when u are alone. i love this game
15 JBL
Such a unique game to play with friends! I look forward to the next updates! Kudos Devs!
Das Spiel ist gut
cest un exxelent jeux
Wurde von meinem Teammate in ein Loch geworfen 10/10
its super fun to play with friends
super keby ma kokoti neobetovavali ako
lit
It's always a fun game with friends.
I adore playing this with my girlfriend, the best game with so many emotions
Unbelievably funny with friends and is actually a challenging game.
GET IT NOW
This game is fun to play with friends, had lots of fun even though i only played for 1 hour.
it funny
Very Fun :) Also moddable
fun game to play with friends
Cinema
fajna gra jak grasz z kumplami i masz sound boardy w symulator komornika
so good
50 10
very fun game with friends
very fucking fun and funny
soundpad,
10/10
JUEGARDO
2 2025
goodd
supeer
Es el mejor juego de la historia, si quieres matarte de risa con tus amigos JUEGALO, es un lethal company mejoradisimo,ES MUY BUENO, LO AMO.
As of right now the game doesn't have matchmaking, so keep that in mind.
However the game runs great, hasn't crashed or bugged on me, lag over long distance games is almost not an issue and everything overall is great.
One of those wacky, co op with your friends, horror games with solid mechanics and nice details (like the robots adjusting their eyes towards whoever is speaking at the moment)
The creator of Lethal Company really enjoyed this game so if you need a "qualified recommendation" there you go.
Games where I get to be a detriment to the party for comedic effect >
syiokkk
funny
makes me te hee when i die
Cool game but no sex with hot monsters (Animal)
det roligt att spela med
bingle bongle dingle dangle, lickety-doo, lickety-dah, ping pang, lippy tappy too tah
This game is so fun it is great for friends to mess around and make fun memories. Bad things about the game is that in multiplayer and the other players die your all alone and personally its terrifying.
its very fun you can meet all kinds of people please do play
SI
Silly Horror Game, fun with friends
10 10
FUNNY GAME WITH FRIENDS BETTER THAN LETHAL COMPANY
very fun and goofy
b
buenisimo mucho mejor si se juega con amigos
10 10
Meu amigo me cobrou vida que ele me deu acidentalmente, no momento em que ele gritou o veio da escopeta me explodiu
10/10
Play with brainless friends for best results
tromba bomba
cool
Level 9, it's late at night. Two of my friends and I are carefully navigating the haunted mansion. We have multiple monsters, one that can only be designated as "Big Shoe", another that we call "Spirited Away", and "Blind Guy". Carefully getting 3 of our shipments filled we prepare to exit the room with our bag of money in hand. My friends step out of the room and a clown giggle followed by a death laser turns them into glue. I narrowly escape and slowly creep across the map over the course of 15 minutes to the next extract. Slowly putting items into the cart, then hiding the cart every time one of the many monsters appears (and those stupid skulls, they will find you no matter what). After a long and dubious journey, I find myself at the extraction room. It is a room with a perimeter of green lava and a narrow staircase on the far left of the entryway. I carefully angle the cart on the stairs and begin to walk down, the first step down the cart shifts and pushes me off the stairs into the green goo. I turn into glue.
Long story short, this game is awesome and has a lot of room for more content. The easy mod support and the reasonable pricetag for a game that will be well worth more in the future makes this a no brainer. The funny memories I'm forming with my friends reminds me of the shit we would get up to in GMod back in the day, this is a great game.
si
PEAK!11!
game gud my team are all ded tho
cool faire entre pote mais en vrais c'est pas si fous mais oui quand
Mega lustiges spiel^ macht mega viel spass mit Freunden zu spielen. Nur schade das es keine lobbys gibt um weitere spieler finden zu :)
Best game ever!
THIS GAME IS SO FUN I PLAY IT EVERY FRIDAY THROUGH SUNDAY YOU HAVE TO TRY THIS AND ITS SCARY! :)
insanely fun with friends
muchas risas
cant have sex with the big black thing.
I LOVE WHEN THE HUNTER FALLS DOWN THE STAIRS 10/10 FRIENDSLOP I'M FRIENDFARMING SO HARD RN
Quite fun with friends, but it's defo one of those horror games like all the other ones that blows up.
Hope they update it and add more interesting monsters and more interesting maps
As it stands right now, it's defo worth the price it costs and with more updates it can only get better from here.
This has been a blast so far to play. Though I like playing but myself sometimes, this is much better with friends.
boring game
peak
My friend got his head blown off by the shotgun guy. I proceeded to say "Holy shit" And then got my head blown off as well
Nice Game With Friend!
El juego es una locura, merece la pena y para jugar con tus amigos te sacas unas risas
client timeout
O jogo incrivel, as muito bem feita, o sistema de microfone perfeito, o audio 3d muito bom, lhe traz uma muito bom, mas uma coisa que eu gostei, que tem modo online para jogar com players aleatorio, da pra jogar com amigos da
Ein sehr lustiges und spannendes Spiel. Mit Freunden einfach super :D
= vc vira o monstro
game anak kucai
help my stomach hurts
I peed my pants 10/10 would play again
That Duck has a special place reserved in He*
( )
i love dropkicking innocent robots into the extraction
11
Brainrot game for the young gen of course!
AMAZING
ta to guapo illo pa jugal con los panas
Awesome game
bien
Te hechas unas risas increibles
good game with friends
807
fodase
its just a fun game, solo or multiplayer is great.
IK
I love knocking out teeth
Incroyable
Terrible, Lack of server browser honest to god not one of the clones of Lethal Company holds even the smallest candle to it and its just embarrasing.
Fun game!
this game is so scary single player and so funny multiplayer, the characters you plays as are incredibly hot and makes me wish i wish i was them. 1000/10. please play this. oh also, the UI is incredible
Sana
really fun game to play with your friends funny af
:D
KKJK
me like throw friends in acid
Incredibly fun game, I'm excited to see what is added in the future!
J'AIME RENVERSER MES POTES AVEC LE CADDIE
great game it's really fun playing with a friend you can do some funny stuff XD
bon jeu Assez surpris lors de la et pour tous vous dire, je pensais que une pale copie de "Lethal company" mais ce n'est pas le cas. Lethal company est devenu un peu ennuyant au fil des parties qui se a try hard, tuer les monstres, vendre et plus cher et sa tout le long. Mais avec R.E.P.O, le try hard n'est pas vraiment la et c'est plus fun En effet la tactique des monstres est peut un peu ennuyante qui se a se cacher et taper mais je trouve que c'est mieux que Lethal company car tout le monde peut a survivre a des monstres alors que dans Lethal company, il faut un minimun de savoir et une dizaine de mort contre ce monstre pour a survivre 1 fois sur 3. Quelque petit comme par exemple le manque d'ambiance et d'action parfois. Ce point est un des plus important je trouve car Lethal company n'a pas que des et le jeu c'est bien le nombre de monstre par map ce qui n'est pas tout le temps le cas de R.E.P.O car parfois la map est vide ou il y a juste une dizaine de (spoil monstre) gnomes et parfois la map est rempli et il est impossible d'avancer ou de survivre. Le dernier est que pour les nouveaux sur steam, qui n'ont pas beaucoup d'amis dans leur liste, il n'y a pas de partie C'est dommage mais au moins il n'y a pas des mecs qui viennent ta partie et changer le code de ton jeu comme sur Lethal company. Je recommande le jeu car c'est un Lethal company en hyper fun entre pote
funny android ahh guy
Very autistic and cool game for someone autistic and cool.also there is rubber ducks
fun awesome game to play with your friends
simplismente um dos jogos que tenho 42 horas mais faceis da minha vida, bom pra cara*, bom pra dar umas risadas e jogar quando nada pra fazer, ele tem um sistema de como funciona e facin de se jogar. Recomendo, ja que ele e lethal company o mesmo A que ele mais e 10x melhor. PS: espero bater mais de 300 horas, ja que em lethal tenho 282 :)
To start with the game is generally fun for the first few hours, but for progression and replayability i feel it struggles, getting past the 3rd level even with friends and strategising feels almost impossible. I get that theres a skill curve and I hope they make some changes to make later levels feel more accessible, it doesnt help that the in game shop is completely randomised, which I would be in support of, but a lot of the time i find that anything worth buying is either non existent, or too expensive at that point in game to buy. I will return to this game but only if the devs decide to fix either the level of difficulty or how well u can progress earlier. All in all i like the game but it quickly gets boring when ur only able to manage the first 3 levels on repeat.
genialna gra, ma ogromny klimat. polecam
10 10.
Es un juego bastante divertido, podria decir que es mejor que LC. Espero que vayan mejorando
jbl
very fun
Great Dev Team!
AAAAAAAAAA-MAZING!
i oyun eglenceli oynayin SARAR
Super fun game with a crew
This is genuinely the funniest game I've played in a long time.
- -
best friendslop game on the market currently
i
Game is good. Please get rid of the stupid emoji banner, it makes the game look like Poppy Playtime/FNAF-type mascot horror shovelware when it's a lot more than that
R.E.P.O simplesmente pika! Jogo indie com uma pegada misturando e de um jeito viciante. O visual tem aquele charme meio e a jogabilidade desafiadora na medida certa. Cada aquela de estar desbravando um mundo cheio de surpresas.
Se curte jogo indie bem-feito, com inteligentes e um desafio na moral, R.E.P.O Compra sem medo que vale cada centavo.
goated game
really fun
Good enough of a game where to call it a Lethal Company clone would detract it of what makes it unique and fun. Don't be put off by the very cheap looking front page image for the game, it's well made and seemingly has a long development cycle ahead of it.
The core mechanic of REPO is its physics. The robot you play utilises a beam to pick up and manipulate objects similar to the gravity gun from Half-Life/gmod. You can hold one object at a time with this beam and it allows you to lift, move and rotate the object in any direction. Some objects even have special interactions depending on where you place your beam on them. You can even use it on fellow players to throw them to difficult to reach spots or, under the right circumstances, use it on some of the monsters to fight back or stop them from attacking you.
The typical gameplay loop involves you going to 1 of 3 themed locations (however at the time of writing, more are due to be released). These will be randomly generated and have randomised items of varying size, fragility and monetary value hidden amongst the rooms. You are expected to carry items to extraction points located in edges of the map until you have reached a certain money threshold. Once all extractions have been completed you can leave from the vehicle you spawned from. In between levels you are given a moment to recuperate at the shop where you can use accumulated money to purchase weapons, tools, medkits (to restore hp) and power ups (that boost your stats or give unique abilities).
There are two main challenges that will have the capacity to end your run. Unlike Lethal Company's pressure stemming from its time sensitive nature, REPO does not have a time limit for levels and instead puts the focus on every item in the game having a level of fragility which causes them to lose value or even shatter when bumping on the tight corridors of the level or being accidentally dropped as examples. There are many times where people will have to coordinate with each other to avoid getting in each other's way or to feasibly lift up the heavier objects in this game, let alone to try and bring them to the extraction in good condition.
The other challenge is the monsters, all of them hostile to the player in some way and have differing ways of killing you. In REPO stamina is heavily limited and slow to recharge so entering an extended chase with a monster is usually certain death. The near universal counterplay is stealth with each level having hiding places virtually everywhere for those with keen enough eyes. While stealth in this game is extremely strong and safe, it is not free, monsters can still kill you in these hiding spots if you don't break line of sight or if you make too much noise depending on the monster.
Unlike a lot of these types of games, REPO has a very simple yet greatly appreciated revival system so you aren't out of the match over sometimes really stupid mistakes. For every successful extraction, any dead players in the extraction are instantly revived giving people potentially multiple attempts on a singular level. However, if no one is left alive, the run is considered over unlike LC and all progress is lost.
REPO's physic based interaction system is integrated so well and forms the basis of almost everything you do in this game, a very unique and fun selling point for a game of its genre. The way the first person camera is fixed and the darkness of the maps help with the horror aspect of this game, you must tread carefully as you can only see a limited distance in front of you. The monsters from my experience serve as a good challenge whilst still being quite forgiving, they are way less oppressive than LC's monsters and you also have all the time in the world to carefully navigate around them. The power ups of this game solidify a sense of progression since they are permanent and not lost on death, so there is always something to strive for. The mannerisms of the robot players you control, the text-to-speech chat and the ridiculous ragdolling makes this game a comedy at times in all the best and memorable ways. The game is still pretty new and already has a promising modding scene so in the future there should be a lot more ways to customise and shake up your game. This game also runs quite well.
As I have compared it to LC a few times already, I think it is also important to mention that just like LC, this game is not worth it if you don't have any designated group to play it with. There isn't even a server browser yet, it's all steam invite based. Also while the monsters may kill in varying ways, they are for, the most part, functionally the same save for three outliers. Compared to LC the enemies hold a lot less complexity and variation in behaviour but the devs have mentioned introducing more unique monsters in later updates. This game is at its weakest when you're scarce for valuables on the level; when the money starts to stagnate the game turns into a battle of attrition. People cannot be respawned and stay stuck in spectator, people aimlessly wander halls, sometimes multiple times, to make sure they haven't missed on any items, the likelihood of an item breaking from a mistake or a monster increases as more time passes which will set you back even further. As the game has no time limit it can be really boring and usually ends up in the players giving up and preserving their dignity or fruitlessly die fighting a monster (since that is the only way to get more money even if it is a pathetic longshot if you don't have weapons).
Regardless of its shortcomings I recommend this game due to its gimmick and quality.
not played much but this game is so fun to play. unless you are the last one standing
Remove the rugrat
Sehr Cooles Spiel, vorallem im Multiplayer.
It's really funny with friends. I would really recommend playing with friends.
fun game i like the multiplayer system the text to voice, chat is very funny and the graphics and physics are nice (Not to mention you can blow up your friends)
Huntsman
Goofy shove friend into toilet
android ta no jogo
Just amazing best
goofyest game ever must have
O.X.Y.E.H.H.O.
guapo
Never let me near stuff that's easily breakable
good game
R.E.P.O Sci-Fi Debt Collection with Bullets and Attitude
Playtime: hours (so far)
Recommendation: Yes if you like fast-paced action and gritty sci-fi vibes
R.E.P.O feels like Doom, Ultrakill, and a late-night cyberpunk fever dream had a I mean that in the best way possible.
You play as a badass enforcer collecting debts not with invoices, but with a shotgun. The gameplay is fast, punchy, and addictive. The movement and gunplay feel slick, and there's that sweet "just one more run" rhythm that keeps pulling you back in.
What rocks:
Tight gunplay: Every weapon feels powerful and satisfying. Enemies explode in glorious chaos.
Retro style: Like a lost '90s shooter on neon gritty, and loud in all the right ways.
Absurd but awesome concept: Collecting debts with firepower? Count me in.
What could improve:
Repetitive combat: Enemy waves can start to feel a bit samey after a while.
Story? somewhere. But be honest, here for the mayhem.
If you're into indie shooters with attitude, fast reflexes, and a dash of absurd humor, R.E.P.O delivers. It's not perfect, but it absolutely knows what it wants to it nails that chaotic, high-octane vibe.
INCREIBLE
funie game i have ever played
muy divertido cuando se esta con amigos, una receta total para el desastre cuantos mas amigos somos hahaha
Another peak friendslop game, would be better if it had online matchmaking.
yes
10/10 tastey game
good fun game, needs work on server browser tho
Haven't had so much fun in like ever
A very nice lethal-like game! Worth the price.
dzxxcfxgh
9.75
holy fuck, had the time of my life playing this with friends
incrr comme jeux un de lethal compagnie et content warnig d ingri comme jeux
Funny haha
Game is lit. With or without friends.
very good very nice
best game of 2025
good game
-
csa
+
it's pretty good, decent gameplay and fun with friends
i love tumbling into my friends, picking them up and throwing them off the edge and making 0 progress into the game 10/10
Fun and scary, would recomend
Me tiraron a un abismo 10/10
cooles game
3/10
great game. big funni. need i say more?
10 JBL 10
Detta spel fick mig att om alla ankor apex predidtors
cool game, add LGTBQ representation for us fellow gay-mers
Peak
>LC
GREAT GAME ONE OF THE BEST IN THE BOOKS FOR A HORROR GAME/ COMEDY GAME
demais, maluco
ended lethal company.
Re@llly g0od gam
supi dupiii
ALLAHU EKBERRRRRRRRRRRRRR
good
git
Peak gameplay, cant wait for updates
The best horror game ever
50
Better then getting a wife!
good
very fun game.my friends keep throwing me in pits tho
cool
i can play roblox doors for free.
its a great multiplayer game to play with friends and troll them lol
This game is good, and I understand people singing its praise because when its good, its fantastic. But when playing with my friends, we noticed one problem happening over and over. The last person alive would be lost, looking around for 20 minutes to even an hour, because items respawn so slowly, along with everyone else being dead so no funny antics could occur, along with some of the items that spawn being literally impossible to carry without the strength upgrade by yourself, effectively soft-locking you. A few thing that could help with this are a timer on the level, so the last person wouldn't be lost forever, loot respawning quicker so you wont be in a situation where the game feels impossible, and the ability to respawn teamates at any time by putting them in the extract like in the store. If all these were in the game it would have the potential to be one of the best in this genre.
VERRY GOOD >:)
This is probably the best multiplayer horror game ive played get this your soul will be blessed
22 10
SOUNDPAD
Banger, can't say more than that
Hourglass best ever item
[h3] Our friend group plays together and it is wonderful! [/h3]
Except for when you and your husband are hiding from the nice blind man (with the shotgun) in a bath tub.
And for no reason your husband whispers, [b] "Goo-goo, gaa-gaa?" [/b] and gets you shotgunned in the face because he was crouched behind you.
10/10, will play again. 10/10 chance I will get him killed in an equally as stupid format.
Aqui se huele un GOTY
o kafelki starego
i siebie gdziekolwiek sie chce
na demony
meble i talerze
Im trash at this game. 10/10
incrivel
jogo que tem tudo pra ser legal, mas tem muitos bugs, pelo peso do jogo e pelo valor vale a pena, existem mais de 100 lv e no lv 1 vc ja passa raiva.
if you play the game more than 10 hrs you become the rugrat
Launched myself at a friend in an attempt to knock him into acid. He moves out of the way. I die.
10/10
komik bence bi deneyin
is very cool game i love it
please if you put cosmetic in flsahhlight and character i ll support you and i ll be very happy if the cosmetics ll be unlcok through challenges not free from the begging.
it is fun but scary
Game is super funny and chaotic but [b]PLEASE[/b] for the love of god, you gotta get rid of that emoji banner/mascot on the cover, it makes the game look like it's a scam or some cheap slop when it's not!
(+ that emoji looks bad and cringey) you could make it a robot or something
~ [b]11/10 Recommended[/b] bring some friends thou!
Laser guy got them kicks
Amazing game, Funny and complex.
Even funnier with friends.
Might end friendships
I'm R.E.P.Oing it
very nice horror game.
Juegazo, es divertido jugarlo solo, se siente cierta tension en el ambiente del juego, pero con amigo ses mil veces mejor, super recomendado
Best game ever
()
reepou
This game is amazing and so much fun with friends!
10 10
Its fun
e
imba
stupid and stupider with friends.
even loosing is fun!
+
its good for a 12 dollar game
VERY VERY FUN GAME TO PLAY WITH FRIENDS!
i'm bad at this in a good way
muy bueno para jugar con amigos
very very good
A chaotic fun game with your friends. Lots of jump-scares and lots of money opportunities
Booted up the game, opened one door and got shot right in the head. 10/10 game
Best with Friends
Saw others play and didn't care, then I played with 1 friend and was super fun
too funny lol
great game to play with friends! be sure to watch a video first or at least play the tutorial lol
Its a must have game for all friend groups. They improved on the formula of lethal company and multiplied it by 100 making it funny and scary at all the times.
10/10 from my side.
I love watching my friends get shot by a blind man who has nearly superhuman hearing
And the hourglass, that thing is basically drugs
Lethal Company!
scary and funny game
10 10
top
WW
tres marrant entre amies
Good!
10 10.
yes
el personaje parece una mezcla de los canadienses de south park y el bicho verde de android, aparte han metido a mi abuelo con alzheimery una escopeta al juego. 9/11 muy buen juego
very good game i love it
i like how funny this shit is
Oppa Gangnam Style
amognus
U HAVE TO BUY IT!
=
con amigos es lo mejor solo tambien pero si quieres reirte juega con amigos recomendado 100%
SO MUCH BETTER THAN LETHAL COMPANY! Not laggy, good for low end pcs (LIKE ME) and is really fun and easy to play with your friends.
10/10 DEFINITELY RECOMMEND
tam nelzia topit kotyat
soundpad
o jogo muito legal com graficos muito legal e com amigos e muito mais legal
as many have said, the emoji cover picture is dogwater. otherwise, this game is crazy fun with friends
Absolutely LOVE this game! This game is scary, funny and chaotic with friends. For 10 bucks, the game is worth every penny.
game start, game go good, find potion, flirt, die
5/5
10 10
yk what hell yeah
its so much fun! we played it for 4 hours straight and an hour of that was just typing in chat and making funny noises. i love this game
This game is so funny XDDDDDD i ran over a family of 4
Witziges Gruppenabenteuer, mit einem guten Sprachchat und coolen Monstern.
o jogo rodou bem no meu notebook mesmo ele sendo de 2014
Tolles Game, hab richtig viel mit meinen Freunden
Okay i may not be a public speaker or whatever BUY THIS NOW THIS IS GREAT PLEASE I BEG YOU!
great game
it's fun until one of the gang learn how to throw them self.
10/10
heel leuk
THIS GAME CURE MY SHARP KIDNEY STONES! IT WAS BLEEDING
fantastico sopratutto in compagnia
W
sehr gut
Made for several hours of fun with friends. Repo really is a team game, although you could play solo, this game shines in the comic relief of watching your friends scream as they float past you taken by a heavy breathing ghost, or the fear in their voice as they ask if anyone is still alive. Will it get boring? maybe, the game does a decent job changing maps slightly to make it different each time, and after 8 hours we have yet to try all the perks in the shop area. That said, $10. was worth it for the laughs.
- baixe o jogo
- o tutorial
- saia correndo quando
- abra a terceira porta e seja explodido por achar uma gigante que voce sabe oque fazer contra
- 10/10
SREPO
_.,_
.,.;~`' }
_.:=,`'
/ `~
`~=: Y
i. .:
.\ ./
Y |
{ ` ` i
\
oQ o`)
`i, Y /
`i, " /
(,`,
lunge friend, lift friend, throw friend to pit. reccomended
es muy gracioso y divertido, lo malo es que dependes de estar con amigos para poder jugarlo pero igual bueno
its fun you have friends oh 100%
Impossible d'avoir plusieurs sauvegardes de jeu, donc les games de multi et solo se Les sauvegardes de jeu sont trop transparentes dans le menu. Et pas d'explication sur les monstres.
Muito bom d+
god
Um dos melhores jogos que eu comprei pra jogar com meus amigos. Extremamente divertido e valeu cada centavo.
fire game
jbl
ce jeu est je pense le meilleur jeu de 2025 avec des graphismes et des fonctions incroyable que vous l'acheterez j'y retourne des maintenant
The better version of lethal company, would recommend
8/10
R.E.P.O.
so cool
really fun game but for the future needs more maps, in some lvls put a shop with heals or anything, and more troll thinks for money!
gierka, beczka non-stop.
nice game but only need to add auto search for player server
good to play with friends
Harika bir oyun komik tavsiye ederim
game of the week maybe game of the 3-year friend cycle lets see so far so good
Good game for having fun with friends
DIVERTIDISIMO!
horror for monsters
que jogo divertido, melhor lethal like q ja joguei
I chucked one of my friends in a industrial meat grinder, thats why i played this game to get the same experience
Really fun game
i like it
buen juego
good game thx
Amigos, cerveza, faso y este juego y es como subir al cielo. Hace rato no me reia tanto, recomiendo 100x100
Best game ever. I personally enjoy the team aspect of this game even if all we do is yell at each other.
The funnies game i've ever played
I quite like this game, but there is a problem when we are disconnected we cannot re-enter the game, maybe the developer can fix it so we can re-enter the game when we are disconnected.
XDX
insanly funny
this is fun t o ple with friends!
Absolute cinema
everyone is useless but me
This game is so cool and funny, I can't stop laughing when I am playing w my friends, u gotta give it a try
Those android characters are so dope their eyes are like some ballz
ALSO PLEASE GET RID OF THE INVISIBLE GUY HE'S SOOO ANOYING or just make him a bit polite
Playing as a group of 6, one of them keeps breaking stuff, burn him alive with a propane tank. 10/10
bi 3dk da 4 kill alabilir aw
- - - 2,5
awsome game
10+ V1
Lustig
This game is actually one of the funniest games ever played with friends. Idk how it could work solo tho, since some levels are so tricky. I wish the items were much more or would respawn because in the case of the rugrats, they break everything and so annoying :3
Overall the game is so good, def a game that will make u laugh, scared and have fun with friends!
UPDATE:Game keeps disconnecting all the team for no reason, internet is very stable, ping very nice but idk.PLEASE FIX IT, PLEASE
10 10
SO GOOD
jeu fun et avec de s'y serieusement
samsung notification sound
marcel should i say it nigga
Wszystko ok, Zabijanie swoich na porzadku dziennym, krzywe akcje, krzyki, Polecam
Jogo muito divertido, passo horas nele, so falta o modo de match maken pra jogar online, colocar mais mapas e varias mais tipos de monstros, itens e upgrades.
q
VERY good the best multiplayer game
Fantastic game to play with friends.
Devs treat customers like human beings and have amazing communication.
Peak
this game was funny and fun to play
mops
Peak
GOOD GAME PLAY WITH FRIENDS.
Lethal company Content warning
one love
10 10
-
we need chinese
Le jeux d'horreur ou tu te tape les des barres avec tes potes XD j'adore se jeux
soundpad
Fasza.
I really like this game, but i need a online multiplayer mode
very fun game
peak
great game, always great when my friends keep headbutting me and pushes me inside the extraction points
This game is very fun with friends, it need any mods but i would love to see new creatures, powerups and new stuff. I recommend this game to everyone.
vase :'(
oyun, korku oyun sevenler bir
bombardino crocodilo
CHILL ASF
si
lost my friends heard a screem saw my friends heads went in a corner and cried
very dumb you cant join public matches and make new friends you have to join a link in discord im not happy with the perches
I played with some friends of mine and i was quite literally laughing the whole time, was it overly goofy yes, but it was hilarious and it is a 100% recommendation from me, thumbs up to the devs
devious ahh lethal company
fortnite
HAOWAN1
GOOD GAME BRO BUT I SOME WANT TEAMWORK MORE
Great 10/10
ITS AMAZING
:)
Really fun game to play with friends. I love how goofy it is at times. However, as a fan of horror it would be nice if it was also scary at the same time.
8/10
Very good game
Literally the best game with friends
they should have used literally any other image for the steam store than that fuckass emoji bro
juegazoo jueguenlo con amigos es un juego increible
W in the chat
20
10/10
1000 Vr
11 10
znajomi mnie pierdole runa, wypierdalam za zero i wysadzam to tylko kilka z jakie mi ta gra. Polecam
10/10
i got hit with 2,700$ in head when i was 1hp
Ben oyunun adaletini sikeyim, oyun boyunca bir sonra 3 birden bizim basede Genel yoruma gelecek olursak birlikte vakit ve bir oyun. Genel haritadaki hasar vermeden arabaya doldurarak basein bulunan yere getirip satmak. Satarak elde paralarla oyunda, canavara hasar vermek alarbilirsiniz.
Fantastic game, great developers, tons of fun, cheap, indie, JUST BUY IT ALREADY!
10/10
-{ Graphics }-
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
-{ Gameplay }-
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
-{ Audio }-
☐ Eargasm
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
-{ Audience }-
☑ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma
-{ PC Requirements }-
☐ Check if you can run paint
☑ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
-{ Game Size }-
☑ Floppy Disk
☐ Old Fashioned
☐ Workable
☐ Big
☐ Will eat 15% of your 1TB hard drive
☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it
☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data
-{ Difficulty }-
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☑ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
-{ Grind }-
☑ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
-{ Story }-
☑ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
-{ Game Time }-
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☑ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond
-{ Price }-
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
-{ Bugs }-
☑ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
-{ ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☐ 9
☑ 10
-{ Author }-
☑
Muy buen juego de terror lo recomiendo
INCROYABLE
juego para niggers
shut up and get it :)
fxychgdj
te meas de la risa xd
R.E.P.O macht ultimativ viel es gibt viele lustige momente. Spiele es gerne auch wenn es manchmal etwas schwer ist durh die Lv zu kommen.
mega ohio szkibdi
george sanderson would love tthis game
hehe scary
funny
Very cool game!
Probably much more fun to play with friends
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaamaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaazeing
Lethal companynin trol hali
sperma sperma miau sperma rzygam gownem sperma mmm sperma
14
10/10
better than LC for sure. the enemies are way easier to avoid by simply just being quiet or breaking sight with them. its amazing and so easy to play.
good 4 u
500
the head man invited me for dinner, we had a wonderful meal. i was his meal. it was very nice. he said i was a bit bitter. but apart from that, 10/10 would reccomend.
per che si
very funny. recommend to play with friends.
bst
there's a bottle you pick up. it makes you say things about your teammates. this bottle is my sole reason for playing this game. i chugged from it, and now i have the world's gayest thoughts, and the beauty of a garbage can with googly eyes. 10/10.
jocul a fost frumos pana m am speriat
de spanning en en simpelheid van de game!
geweldige game hoop dat er gouw een update komt met meer dingen en monsters.
very funny gam
Funniest game of all time
its so silly, play this with friends because it makes it SO much better
1]
2]
See upcoming pop shows
Get tickets for your favorite artists
You might also like
(S-Teklorez Remix)
(KruElla)
(REASON)
MORGENSHTERN
Sigma Boy
Betsy & (Maria Yankovskaya)
8
yes
good game
10
10-20
20-30
30-40
40-60
[spoiler] R.E.P.O. [/spoiler]
BEST WAY TO KILL UR FRIENDS
Very fun. Make sure to have friends to play this with though.
10 10
doporucuji
this game is fucking awsome it has proximity chat and works the best with soundboards, to anyone who wants this game
dont wait, buy it right now.
is cool
180
This game is a lot of fun, the more people the harder it is to keep quiet but hilarity ensues!
funny as hell i loved playing with my friends
6
Oj tak
yes get it
20 (
Really funny game with friends especially the side eye from people when hiding
DNS
T
Y E S
good game ( with people doing soundboards even funnier) :3
Damn dis shi good
LOVE IT
R.E.P.O
Oh omazing. I love R.E.P.O
Kauf empfehlung, hammer game.
muy bien si tienes amigos, quiero que un modo online, en los comentarios pongan si quieren jugar conmigo
150 10
get rid of that godawful emoji.
Very Gooding
(S-Teklorez
1]
2]
See upcoming pop shows
Get tickets for your favorite artists
You might also like
(Tampons!)
(KruElla)
(REASON)
MORGENSHTERN
(KruElla)
(One, two, three, four)
Let's go
geiles produkt
yes
me and my friend get to 3rd extraction point and have to get to the car.He dies.i am 1 hp and i need to be quiet so that the gunman can't hear me.The duck quacked and the old man shot me.
10/10 game
This game is amazing. I have 3.5 hours of solo as of right now. I love this game and I have only one complaint. There is no matching or public rooms so you can only join friends. But this is fine because the game is fun solo and multiplayer.
sehr lustig
Jocul e fine mi-a dat fiori da cu prieteni e mai amuzant
This game is so fun but you should make it so u can queue up in random lobbies
delete the gnomes
This game is so fun
This is the best horror game to play with friends
veri good
YES
mi-e mie imi place mult acest joc pentru ca este un joc foarte amuzant dar iti da si multa adrenalina recomand
Robot epic
Game is awesome, although my friends are smooth brained and keep breaking everything.
evolution from lethal company
Lethal Company but better
pick up the duck when it walks p to you
amazing
Awesome fun!
-{ Graphics }-
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
-{ Gameplay }-
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
-{ Audio }-
☑ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
-{ Audience }-
☑ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☑ Grandma
-{ PC Requirements }-
☑ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
-{ Game Size }-
☑ Floppy Disk
☐ Old Fashioned
☐ Workable
☐ Big
☐ Will eat 10% of your 1TB hard drive
☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it
☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data
-{ Difficulty }-
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
-{ Grind }-
☑ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
-{ Story }-
☑ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ Absolute CInema
-{ Game Time }-
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ To infinity and beyond
-{ Price }-
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
-{ Bugs }-
☑ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
-{ ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☐ 9
☑ 10
+ 100+
Its good and I recommend to buy it but if you already have Lethal Company its not worth it
J'aim Bi1 leu Jeu il bien
there should be a way to make freinds on this game like a server lobby where you can find people to play with
10/10.
Good game when Headman comes to vibe with you
TUFF GAME! S TIER FOR MAKING FUN COOL MEMORIES
muito bom mas queria alguem para jogar comigo
This has to be one of the best games i have ever played with friends! It's scary and can be super funny with text to speech. If you ever get the chance i would HIGHLY recommend playing this game!
Baba Game, ganz viel Liebe an die Entwickler
Das spiel ist arsch geil ich spiel es und bekomme dierekt bock mich zu
very good game i enter a random room and an blind old man with an gun randomly sits behind door and when i step he shoot s at me
there's no chat filter
i can say the most unhinged shit
10/10 game of the year
"He's ove-" my friend says, before getting shot into a little dome. Love this game.
funny
180
10 10
fun
si
la voglia di giocare a questo gioco, la stessa di quando hai voglia di spararti una sega.
Consigliato
Funny grandma scream very loud :)
fun
can someone add me imso bored
It's such an interesting game concept. It's early in its development though and needs a little more content and balancing. My biggest issue is the obvious. No open lobbies for multiplayer without mods and solo only gets me so far when the mob keeps gate keeping me and stalking me when there is a huge map out there. Love the idea but i like the chance of getting somewhere on my own and don't feel it has a healthy balance when i die in a blink because the enemy wont give me twenty seconds to myself. Can't wait for more updates! But I can't give a thumbs up for something that is this stressful and punishing.
juego qlao estresante, muy bueno : )
a hra
Good game
android
DARK FANTASY
Fuck the duck
6.
- 3
360
Endless fun. A lot of these types of games get boring pretty fast. But the combination of humor and horror is amazing. Some of the better gaming experiences I've had. Definitely not great to play with randos though. That can be a real buzzkill. But with a few friends it's an absolute delight.
This game is not without its bugs. Some of them can be seriously irritating. Also some of the mechanics feel inconsistent which can be a bummer. But this game is EA so some bugs are expected. Regardless of the small nags, it's great fun. Definitely recommend.
me gusta mucho el juego pero me cago cuando estoy tranquilo y de repente me aparece un hombre con una escopeta mas grande que yo
Banger horror game!
Think like Lethal company but cartoon-ized xD
fun time
Lethal company but physics based, incredibly goofy and fun. The perfect game for a game night with the boys.
Denmark flag is goated
Great game, cant wait for the full release <3
8/10. 5,
Its a fun horror game but pls make it so u can play with randowms and not only with ur friends
good game i will play this game all day long
pushka
Q, 10/10
1
Macht halt spass. nh
Pisikoleji bozar 3 den fazla girmeyin 14-15 insanlarla girin yoksa oyunda sizin atabiliyor veya canavar hasar verdi diyebiliyo
20
Que jogo bom cara.
I love this game
cube
JAVIERCATARRO
gut game.
10/10
love this game fun with friends and scary alone
Cool!
fun asf, 10/10 highly recommended
This game is good
Muito bom pra jogar com amigos e chorar de rir
its good
[i] Wish i could give this a neutral review [/i]
I love the player models and the core gameplay of basically being part of a crew who is tasked with moving furniture. A lot of the items are fun and i love the way they interact with the players. The core gameplay loop is good, at least on paper.
However, the enemies are too random in their behavior that its hard to assertain what the player is supposed to do to either not piss them off or counter them. And when death is as punishing as it is in the later levels, you end up sitting AFK for an hour waiting for a revive. This drains the fun quite fast.
(Maybe a timer would make this more appealing? or maybe more health when you are revived / full health after each level too?)
This combined with the very inconsistent visual style of the enemies, levels and props makes the game really feel cluttered and messy.
Dunno, i have tons of fun when i play with my friends, but its a really ugly and punishing game.
I think the fun outweighs the negatives just enough for it to be a positive review.
[i] addendum: and whats up with those emojis? are they supposed to be quirky? Feels like this is catering to what someone pushing 40 think "brain-rot" is [/i]
GUAPO
Macht dick bock. Game of the Year 2025?
This Game is great, and is good with multiple people
locura de juego
game is cool, very sigma
best
R.E.P.O. ist wie ein Escape Room mit Freunden nur dass der Raum verflucht ist, du und deine Freunde sind und man vor lachen in die Tischkante
Noch nie hat mich ein Spiel so sehr zwischen uns clever und nein, jemand hat wieder das Monster schwanken lassen. Ich wollte Loot retten und reich werden, stattdessen habe ich 20 Minuten versucht, ein Sofa durch eine zu bugsieren, ein mich wie einen Snack angeschaut hat.
10/10, wieder schreiend stolpern.
Peak.
ok so this gme is perfect.
just a thing i dont understand.WHY YOU HAVE TO INVITE FRIENDS FOR PLAYNG MULTIPLAYER?
anyways this game is the scarest one that i ever saw on steam exspecialy for the monsters the gameplay and the items. even the maps are good and the scare that enter in your blod
JBL
goofy ah game
oiytuyfgkuiyt
Good fun with friends
Fun
I miss the cruiser
goofy ahh
Lethal Company
1
Very fun game to spend times with friends :D
Los mejores invertidos de mi vida
ohhhhhhh!
V jsem se u hry tolik a nebo tolik :D Za 10/10 :D
bel multigiocatore
Du fun a pur
w game just remove that hideous emoji thumbnail thanks
This game is so much fun to play with friends. I highly recommend it.
it so dam goooo
JBL :D
iz good iz great
Lethal Company clone that does it right!
great game
very funny game
good
It is incredibly funny AND fun with friends, overall a really good game
Quite the experience very similar to lethal company but still its own game great fun with friends
Im like hey whats up hello
dfg
so good
bad game, 45 mins afk for a death in a run. cool
-entro no jogo
-tomo um tiro de 12 de um velho
-morro
-fui revivido
-vejo gnomos vindo na minha
-quebro um
-os outros me prendem numa parede
-eles me matam
posso ver meus
9/10 seria encurralado por gnomos denovo
rhenj
Very fun game with friends. If you played and enjoyed lethal company this game will surely grab your attention with its goofiness and fun mechanics, but there is also the scary part of the game when youre trying to get back to your truck and everything goes dark and there are monsters running around :o, but then you see your friend being taken away by invisible running guy xDD so its scary but so damn funny at the same time deffinitely recommending.
good but not better than lethal company
very fun game. get rid of the emoji mascot
skibby
best game fr
los robots no cojen pero el juego de por si esta bueno
I wanna eat duck now
10 10
have soundpad open in the background and play an audio clip of a guys laugh that sounds like the predators call/prowl to scare and annoy your friends
better than lethal company ngl
Great game, 10/10 emoji
3
PLEASE ADD SERVER MATCHMAKING OR SERVER JOINING PLEAAAAAAAASSEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Fantastic game for playing with friends. Hilarious and fun and WELL worth the cost, with more updates to come
I watch my party get eaten by a floating skull while i was hiding under a table. 10/10 would recommend
Riktigt bra! extra bra att Malvin studios!
R.E.P.O. ist ein cooles Online-Multiplayer-Spiel, das meiner Meinung nach den erfolgreichen Start verdient hat.
Was ich ebenso den Solo-Modus toll finden Bots, die automatisch Dinge einsammeln, die sich innerhalb eines gewissen Bereiches befinden.
Ich bin schon mal gespannt was die Updates noch so werden!
100%
This Game Is Way Tooooo Good, Its a Must Buy!
ppici gameska
really fun horror game. its animated and seems kind of goofy, but really its actually scary and can jump scare you sometimes. would recommend.
- I open the game
- I Host a game
- I invite some friends
- We see baby
- We molest baby
- Baby die.
shit lethal company with more ambitious mechanics that suck
"oh look a man with a gun" HUP BANG
The physics and teamwork is mega fun
R.E.P.O -
funniest game ive played
funny
best game ever
This Game is really fun to play. Yes u need other Players to play with but the discord servers are a really great help to find players and new friends. I cant wait to see what will come in the future
the robots are very cool
super fucking fun & hilarious game, superior lethal company.
good
Try to ignore that offputting emoji icon. This game is genuinely really well polished, goofy fun with friends.
r.e.p.o fish
This game is highly playable,it have a wide variety of monsters.But the character looks like an Android icon, making my friends look not very smart.That is the one of the fun features.The price is right,I like this game very much.
its funny and its the best game ever
its for anything you need
and 5 dollar for this game its nothing
thx repo for this game
oyun sadece level level save alabilsek daha iyi olur yoksa son level larda anda oyun en
very good
10/10
The potty is my hiding spot
R.E.P.O. je hra, chytit a nepustit. Kombinuje akci a v sci-fi kde se stanete mise v sci-fi Hra gunplay a spolupracovat a
R.E.P.O. v multiplayeru - hra je sice i v ale teprve ve a si ji opravdu naplno. chaos, taktiky a mnohem a pokud se sehrajete, je pocit z mise.
Pokud hru, bude bavit na hodin, R.E.P.O. za
9,5/10
actually so peak
GOD como dicen los de ahora. LA CABRA en los libros de historia.
Thank you for making the game so cheap, makes it easier to buy a couple copies for some mates, having a lot of fun with this game; little things like the eyes looking at something that moves and the Canadian head style when talking all add to the hilarity of the experience.
I tried playing single player the other day, oh lord it is not as funny hahah.
Game is stable, and let's you have fun with your friends, definitely recommend.
Keen for more content, but I reckon I can get 30-60 hours of fun before I feel I'd need more.
10
Man braucht Freunde.
Es gibt keine langfristigen Ziele.
Am meisten wenn alle verkacken.
REPO is so much fun, you cant hate seeing your friends get devoured by a giant flying head, or see them jump straight into an endless hole whilst being careful not to destroy a vase worth all your life savings. I would spend 10$ for these unforgettable moments anytime
best game of the year
peak
Funny af
Es muy divertido, la pena es no poderse unir a lobbys con otras personas, si no tienes con quien jugar no te da mas que jugar sin nadie.
If U got friends it's good
cause now u can get more enemies in ur life
Omegafun
wow
This game is amazing, goofy, terrifying and fun.
The player character is super derpy and I love it.
The concept is fun and re-playable and although there is quite a bit of luck to the game, it is still one of the best games in singleplayer that also has an option for multiplayer. A lot of games aren't as fun solo but I had a blast both going it alone and with my friends.
Also losing isn't the end of the world as you just get right back into it and have an understanding that at any moment you could lose, and that is okay.
Meilleur jeu de
This game has convinced me that none of my friends should join a moving company 10/10
Uno de los mejores juegos multijugador
Really good game so far with Lethal Company and Content Warning vibes but like them seems like a game that might fall off a bit. If you only want to play this game for a while and then forget about it then it's good for you but if you like games that last a long time then maybe don't buy it.
Very fun with friends
lots of fun with friends
5
10 10
Normally I hate horror games because I'm a pussy anything horror related, my friends got me this game and nothing has changed. But damn I had one hell of a fun time.
-Gameplay loop is refreshing with all the foolishness the maps and your friends throw in and a stupid amount of funny moments. (Similar to Lethal Company)
-Funny physics
-Dedicated ragdoll button
-Picking up items is basically the physics gun from Gmod
-Proximity voice chat & TTS like Moonbase Alpha
-Provides a good challenge when trying to complete levels, thinking will be needed!
I can't wait to see what else this game has in store!
blablabla
Very fun game just needs multiplayer matchmaking and some QOL updates but for an early access title its incredibly fun with friends, cant wait to see how this one evolves over time.
Fun monsters, cool mechanics and cute robots what more could you want
R.E.P.O. + Soundpad?
cool game
TOP!
Played with mates
Got run over constantly by cart
Died to slenderman
Got revived then run over by cart again
Killed by slenderman again
Biggest enemy of the game is whoever drives the cart
If you have 3 mates, highly recommend. Easily got my 15 dollars worth
110/10 s1mple
w
SoundPad
360, 100/10
Esta muy chulo y te diviertes
its ok
10 10
soundpad simulator
10 10
SOOOOOOO FUNNYYYYYYYYY
this game is so god
Kul co-op spel
This game definitely a masterpiece. Bring cosmetics please and new maps. We need more map to play.
10
Very good game, it's essentially physics based lethal company and that combo works wonders.
cipa
fun as hell
Fun with friends
100
Aptal oynamamak harika bir oyun
funny game fun yipe
a
oliaca ma tem dar merge
✅ funny moments
✅ cool monsters & weapons
✅ quick & fluid world load times
✅ revivability (not dead all game)
❌ emoji mascot
si
good game i love it
the funniest game ever played.
10/10
da
Thinking about Serpent's Bane makes me Hum
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
ez
JA
goodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgood
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
I recommend this game to those who want to gain their old memories back from Lethal Company, and insert them in this game. I have lots of faith over the fact that this game won't be discontinued in the future!
10/10
extra fun with sound board/voicemod
ye
Very fun with friends and so much monster and so much fun :D :) :]
5
Lethal Company, R.E.P.O.,
The only game where I just scream my lungs out at my friends. 10/10, probably gonna lose them soon. A bunch of idiots all in one place.
Pretty Fun Game! I love being able to be an idiot as well as collect the right amount of money lolll
extra yes
10 109
VE AMINA
z j,jchfkcz gjvjubnt
Le jeu est tout simplement incroyable ( jouez avec des amis )
good funny game with good friends
10
:)
Se me ha vuelto el juego multijugador gracioso del mundo
1. add sex
2. add sex
3. slurs were said
4. there is shit in my pants
5. add sex
6. penis
used my friend as a fleshlight
budet lethal company with even worse explanation - the tutorial itself will blow you up with no explanation if you do the cart slightly wrong. the tutorial. also there's no public servers or mode so if you don't have any firends to play with, its just a boring solo player slog with no real motivation or loop. The monsters can jumpscare instakill you, and since you're solo, that's the end.
The BEST mulitplayer horror game.
Lethal Company, 4 Lethal Company
-
-
-
-
-
vivement des mise a jour pour avoir plus de maps car trop bien le jeux
q
very fun, one of the best games ive ever played
Friend and I were racing to the truck, he overtook me, screamed OOGITY BOOGITY, and he then got kidnapped.
10/10 would watch him get kidnapped again
Morale du jeu : Toujours se des aveugles avec une canne.
Really fun game especially with friends. You can play it solo though it's harder as you are alone with bunch of annoying enemies that will do anything to kill you or completely destroy your loot [strike] MAKING YOU FURIOUS [/strike]. After all I would highly recommend this game if you like horror-ish stuff and co-ops with other players.
-
-
this game fuckin slips and rips on the flips dude its mondo cool and absolutely tubular
please update the fucking game
One of the best co-op games i have ever played.
bien
Got gooned by an invisible monster
IVE LOST MY HEARING AND MY BRAIN CELLS BUT I LOVE IT
Game nhma
A great game of team work and survival, work together as a team to move items around and deal with mobs, its a great game with friends.
I highly recommend this game.
great co-op game
my teammates need a literal laptop player to carry them. 10/10
Repo is soooo cool and fun with friends. ONLY WITH FRIENDS. imo buy it if your friends gonna buy it or if they add multiplayer. This game ain't that good for solo players
/
gioco molto figo
This game provides fun with friends and provides fear when alone
funny game :D
385 585. :>
Not bad
gud
Very fun game
not fun, but enjoyable, will probs dump hours
gg
this game is so fun
fire
good
Danger Game
3-4
good
Game is a blast and A LOT harder than it may seem. Worth EVERY penny.
One of the few, if only games (at the moment), I have left a review. Even just a few hours playing with family has been one of the best game nights of my life, totally worth playing
the eyes are so funny in this game
Love this game, great game to play with m8s and chill
wszystko
-
Loan mis cosas que lo tire contra la pared.
cool
5
NICE
-{ Graphics }-
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
-{ Gameplay }-
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
-{ Audio }-
☑ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
-{ Audience }-
☑ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☑ Grandma
-{ PC Requirements }-
☑ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
-{ Game Size }-
☑ Floppy Disk
☐ Old Fashioned
☐ Workable
☐ Big
☐ Will eat 10% of your 1TB hard drive
☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it
☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data
-{ Difficulty }-
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
-{ Grind }-
☑ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
-{ Story }-
☑ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ Absolute CInema
-{ Game Time }-
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ To infinity and beyond
-{ Price }-
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
-{ Bugs }-
☑ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
-{ ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☐ 9
☑ 10
Repo is the perfect blend of comedy and horror. The atmosphere and monsters are terrifying, but the physics-based gameplay and goofy ass robot characters make the game incredibly funny and addictive. I can't wait to see how it evolves over time.
clown
Good
Such a good game recommended to play with friends and family
very cool stuf <:
9,75 Euro einfach geil, nur zu empfehlen
>choose color green
>do the Android notification sound
>profit
I like giant big monsters.
Lethal company
I hate my teammates
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Most fun, scary, funny game ever. The graphics and sound cues give off a creepy vibe, which make the game perfect. The monsters are scary and cool, i like the fact that the developers made it so that the monsters are powerful but you are still able to counter them by hiding or using the items you bought at the store. I have never had more fun than playing R.E.P.O with my friends. i hope everyone can enjoy the game as much as i do.
Man, I have been grinding on this game constantly. Its my fucking crack.
Well, this is another topic about fulfilling the quota. The graphics are fine, it's funny.
The worst enemy in this game is yourself.
gjcnfdk. lf gjnjvexnj dcctv gjyhfdbkjcm f vyt ytn
great fun
3
ho top
10 10
gg
Robe Guy Diddled me.
love
meow
Ahh yes, the classic experience of watching your friend scream as his tiny, metallic body goes flying past you, just to explode on the opposite wall. The game where your smoke detector beeping is guaranteed death. The game where tackling your friends will never not be funny. We love chaos. And we love REPO.
top game, waiting for meta progression, cuz its painful to lose high level saves forever without any impact aside from experience.
200%,
Best game to play w friends
c'est bien mais sa rend zinzin des fois
bardzo podoba mi sie mozliwosc rzucania krasnalami
Blablablableblebleblobloblbooo
EXTREMEDAMENTE RECOMENDADOOOOO
"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH." silence for 30 seconds. go to investigate see an angry duck and a dead friend. 10/10
Super fun with friends.
really fun game with friends
10/10 (ling gang guly guly guly ling gan gu ling gan gu!)
Wtf kinda question is this?.YES I RECOMMEND THIS
Q
Downloaded the game.
Saw cute duck.
Touched cute duck.
Screamed I touch the duck.
Proceeded to explode.
Funniest game ever with friends
gute speil
unp, blub-blub-blub blub-blub-blub blub-blub-blub
A YAN KG TAL A YAN KYITE TAL
I am mixed on it because I feel like dying is too harsh when its single player.
Juegaso
Most fun I've had in a game with my friends in a very long time! Excited for more updates
It is so much fun to play with others, one of the more chaotic games I've played. Love it so far
shotgun man kinda fine
W game
W
funny and fun its a great game to play with friends
THE BEST GAME OF 2025!1
funny
Soundpad
gooning
8
Es un juego muy divertido, con momentos de terror y xD neta que la joyita es lo que haces con tus compas, la verdad nunca me aburro y desde que me lo de una me lo neta vale la pena sin el descuento.
Si tienes amigos con los que jugar (entre mejor xD) no te vas arrepentir <3
kill baby with gravity
shat meself like 3 times at least already, very spooky, 10/10
360
HAOWAN
good
Me excitan los personajes lo recomiendo
buggy mess worth a few cheap laughs with friends but very low quality art/sound/programming and a bit frustratingly jank and buggy if you get to farther levels.
yersd
10 11
EA,
game really fun was able to fuck around with a friend for 3 hours straight while dying every single time on the second level. 9.3/10
Fun game, lots of spooky fun.
the best scrap finding game to ever drop since lethal company
Ridiculous guys steal some trinkets. 10/10. Never laughed so hard.
Friends were looking for a head below me for five minutes as I broke a door off its hinges and proceeded to drop it on them. Them: "I don't know where he could've gone- WHO THE F* JUST DROPPED A DOOR ON MY HEAD?!" Me: *Maniacal laughter in the distance*
10 10
so stupid and fun
goofyness to talk to alot
GOATED GAMES
yahooo
very fun fr
GOTY
rew
+ =
R.E.P.E.A.K
meow
d
fUN
R.E.P.O. The Sunday Morning Brunch of Gaming: Unpredictable, Wild, and Deliciously Satisfying
Picture this: you roll out of bed on a lazy Sunday, still half-dazed from the night before, and head for your favorite brunch spot. craving something satisfying but little sweetness, a little spice, and maybe a side of chaos. This, my friend, is R.E.P.O. the Sunday morning brunch of gaming. You never quite know what in for, but damn sure going to enjoy every and regret some of it afterward.
I saw this game in the store once. "Wow, what an awful looking cursed emoji. Skip."
Then, I checked it out further upon learning that my partner's tried it. I'm so glad I did!
I guess I really shouldn't ever judge a book by its cover, because under this dingus of an emoji lies an early access title that plays like an incredibly polished and fantastic co-op horror game.
The premise is simple, you and up to five others slink into one of the locales, and gather items scattered around it to meet your quota, and then extract the valuables, all the while dodging the colorful cast of characters that will make this task harder.
Sound familiar? Well, here's the kicker. The game also has physics! You are bound by physics, the mobs are too, and the items are, obviously, physics based! You pick them up and let go? Chances are the vase you just let go of will shatter. Want to pick up a heavy object? You better have strength or friends to do so! Wanna feed a monster in the hallway a nice grenade? You gotta lob it! With PHYSICS! Are you stacking strength upgrades? Well done, you can now pick up some monsters with relative ease and dispose of them by smashing them into walls!
The possibilities are near endless in how you deal with things, and the game is -relatively- fair with its balance. You just gotta be careful from time to time. Hard to do so if you're giggling because of how delightful those charming little robots are, with their little motions whenever they speak, or the googly eyes that look around and about.
If you enjoy funtimes in horror games that deliver just as many frights as they does giggles, you won't do wrong by picking this one up. It might be very early in its. access, but you're basically getting a polished product that's only bound to be expanded upon and improved even further already.
Go go go! The loot won't extract itself!
change the icon it makes the game not look good. unlike how it actually is
360 15/10
R.E.P.O. is a amazing game to play, whether you are solo or with friends. Playing with friends is always very fun and it's extremely easy to lose countless hours playing with your group, as it's always funny to combine wonky physics, friend group shenanigans and proximity based chat.
The progression in the game feels very smooth, with upgrades and tools available every time you complete a level (at a price of course). Enemies are very distinct and easily recognizable while also being relatively easy to understand how to avoid / defeat after either some research or experience.
R.E.P.O. is probably one of, if not my favourite game at the moment. I am eagerly awaiting more from the developers, and would strongly recommend the game to anyone who enjoys Lethal Company-esc games.
Please add a way to support joycon controls.
This game is a absolute banger so many funny moments and its even better modded having 10 people in a lobby is wild
ASDWEGSGEGESGG
easy and repetetive after couple of hours
HE HE HE HAW
Es un juego bastante divertido a la hora de jugar con amigos, ademas que no se hace tan repetitivo, de poder ir comprando mejoras. Aunque lo mas divertido del juego es que no importa con el cuidado que vayas a hacer las cosas siempre te van a pasar cosas sin sentido y las risas entre panas no
Nunca un juego me dado tantas risas y tantos clips en tan poco tiempo, y ni siquiera he probado todas las cosas que el juego contiene. 100% recomendado para jugar con amigos
beep boop beep beep boop beep bop beep boop beep beep boop beep bop beep boop beep beep boop beep bop beep boop beep beep boop beep bop beep boop beep beep boop beep bop beep boop beep beep boop beep bop beep boop beep beep boop beep bop beep boop beep beep boop beep bop beep boop beep beep boop beep bop beep boop beep beep boop beep bop beep boop beep beep boop beep bop beep boop beep beep boop beep bop beep boop beep beep boop beep bop
LOS MEJORES GRITOS Y RISAS CON LOS CAUSAS
i shat myself
pretty tits
hilarious game to play with your friends. the more chaos the better
blew up my friend by using a baseball bat to lob a live grenade in his direction, knocking him into the huntsman. 10/10 game
The game is insanely fun while playing with your friends, plus the mod support capabilities makes it even more enjoyable. From helpful QOL mods, mods that allow you to heavily customize your character, or mods that make the game a living hell, It's just a great game.
Plus the developers are actively listening to community feedback, taking everything very seriously. Wanting to make the game the best they possibly can for our (And their) enjoyment!
Juegos de los gods <3
666
W 10/10
R.E.P.O. is a total mindf*ck you grind through levels, stack up loot, feel like a god, then some jacked-up monster one-shots you and game over, back to nada. got its kicks, but so damn infuriating, I hype it up. More like a it if vibe. Keep it slick and
androif
Excelente juego, es muy enviciante y lo recomiendo para jugar con amigos o solo. pronto nuevos monstruos y poder hacer modificaciones de la partida, igual puedan mejorar el guardado de la partida. :D
I'm taking all your money, your items, your hard earned cash. Should of paid up, now we taking all yo shit.
unbelievably good
Its a great Game to play with friends with all sorts of crazy things happening adding to a chaotic experience.
fire asf n funny asf
GOTY
very fun
me parece un juego divertido
Fun as all hell with the boys.
I love this game, its addicting. Like its difficult but not to crazy difficult and the right amount of fear factor.
super gra
fyfktyu
it is a game that i play
Amongus balls lover balls sussy baka balls 12345678910
-Entre no jogo
-Encha um de porrada
-Tome uma bicuda de um
-Receba dentadas de um velho ou um pato maldito
-Seja sequestrado por um fantasma atleta fumante
-Dopamina, adrenalina e c* q passa nem WI-FI
-ABSOLUTE VIDEO GAME
w game
When we were trying our hardest to get the statue to the extraction point without damaging it our friend was dragged through the map by a hidden, knocking us and the statue over. While destroying the dinosaur skeleton he was carrying. Then a reaper came and all 6 of us ran over the statue, destroying it. 10/10 would recommend it.
Otistik var? bu oyun tam size ragdola sokup canavara hediye edebilirsiniz B)
Es el mejor juego que jugue en toda mi vida, y lo absolutamente todo.
Es el mejor meme que vi en mi vida, y eso que vi absolutamente toda la grasa.
Es el mejor REPO DE LOS REPO y eso que solo hay un REPO, pero si hubiera mil REPO este el mejor.
yeet
GAme of the year!
I love beating small babies to death
I like the game its funny and scary in the same time and better than lethal company but I still like it but man its better but I got banned from the offical r.e.p.o server fr not faking fr
muy bueno mas cuando le grito al viejo ciego
eu peguei um vaso e ele explodiu na minha
eu peguei outro vaso e ele explodiu na minha
eu peguei um vaso mais caro e ele explodiu na minha
um explodiu meu vaso
eu quebrei um vaso num velho cego
10/10 por favor joguem com seus amigos
ekiple
10 9
its funny and one of the best games i've played
20/10 y god
fawdawda
imagine the feeling of playing among us again but with modded content early on. this is a great game to play with friends
Is good
I enjoy playing this game with my friends
yes
yep
fun with friends and allat
cuban alien guy makes me so FREAKING ANGRY dude
te vas a cagar de risa con tus amigos
absolute cinema.you def need friends for this one
patinho filha da puta, vem todo fofinho pra tu fazer carinho pra no final te matar.
)
so funny game
:
goes well with a soundboard
A really polished and silly and fun take on the Lethal Company type formula. I really love what theyve done with everything, and the mechanics of moving large objects adds a lot of interesting strategy to the game.
THAT FUCKING BIRD THAT I HATE
Very fun, pretty scary, and just a great game that helped me meet cool people
LA DE ORGIAS ANALES QUE HAY EN LAS PARTIDAS ES INCREIBLE SIEMPRE ME PONGO EN MEDIO!
YES
Killed by Blind dude on level 1. Instant 10/10
Pure entertainment!
Soooooooo much fun
yes 1000000000
DOUFAM ZE CHAT V REPU NENI VERNEJNE DOSTUPNEJ
Yes.
fun with friends
nut
Incredibly fun physics-based gameplay where you and up to 5 friends haul loot through haunted, trap-filled buildings while being hunted by some of the weirdest, creepiest monsters seen. Every run is a mix of stealth, panic, teamwork, and hilarious failure. The proximity voice chat + monster AI reacting to sound creates constant constant screaming.
Stylized visuals, smooth performance, and a progression system that keeps you coming back. Whether chucking furniture at enemies or whispering in a closet while a duck-monster waddles by, R.E.P.O. nails the horror-comedy balance.
One of the best co-op games in years. Buy it. Play it. Laugh. Die.
si
looking for people to play with on repo no goofing off
This is literally so much freakin' fun XD
180
haven't had this much fun in a game in a long time. so good.
XD
150+150\10
bibibibibitititititi ooouuuuiiiiiiouuuuuuu
besto juegazo
un lujo
w
10/10 Would disappoint their friends again.
just buy it. worth every penny
que cago de risa este juego, mientras mas gente con la que jugarlo mejor.
100% recomendado
he he haw ahw
norm
hell yea
very sigma
1
Que bueno es folalrse ae los monstruos despues de la ronda 6 con un huevo de fuerza
Que te digo. es una cague de risa. Muy original.
I like how baby is stronger than me
haowan
32 Hours.
Pretty guud.
Once you have learned the game much you can easily fight back however.
Mastering the guns / weapons does take time after learning the core "loot, greed, extract, escape" to "loot, kill, geed, blowing up, extract, leave".
deluxe
MUITO BOM E KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK COMPRA LOGO E VAI JOGAR COM OS FRIENDS
Bonjour,
R.E.P.O. est une jeu vraiment sympathique plusieurs. De bonne tous dans des personnages comique regarder et entendre.
Proposition :
- Plus de maps (Hopital, )
- Plus d'objets trouver
- Plus d'objet acheter
Je vous recommande le jeu si vous plusieurs.
wwwwwwwwww
R.E.P.O
The game is incredibly fun and highly replayable. The developers genuinely listen to feedback, which makes the experience even better. I absolutely love
balls deep
This games really funny and a lil scary (best to play with friends) def get it
fun rbot thing yay
Si tenes amigos, probablemente el juego mas chistoso de la temporada.
Touched an alien's toes and got everyone killed
Its Fun
Love the eye movement and mouth movement so much.
Dude honestly this game is such a banger, like $10.00 for a game that runs this good! Also I get lost in games like these all the time and that gets me killed, but the map in this game helps with that a lot. also the shop is so nice because everything is useful in some way or another. lastly can't forget how funny this game can get with some good scares. 10/10 for me with a cherry on top for the text to speech
R.E.P.A
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
10/10
Peak friend-slop right here
Mano que maldita risa
alvvvson 6300 varosss
2 2 3 3
fun game
10/10 would break another diamond
si
game would be a 10/10 if the devs add a microwave we can put that fucking baby in, till then it's a mere 9/10
this game is tits
Great mix of humor and horror/anxiety X'D Use "T" to chat random nonsense to friends
Muito bom esse jogo, os robozinhos muito fofos, eu amei
R.E.P.O is an absolute BLAST to play with friends, I have gotten so many people into this game to play with me, i have basically purchased it 5 times. The price-point is EXCELLENT. No major bugs that i have ran into, difficulty definitely does ramp up, but its very satisfying finding high value items, and running/hiding from all of the entities. I have so many short clips of the funniest shit happening im starting to run out of storage space lol.
Buy the game.
Its worth it.
10/10 fun
Blig bby
very chill fun game with friends
Este juego es demasiado genial <3 saludos de este juego ha llegado hasta jeje <3 <3 <3
yummy yum yums
REPO is an excellent game. Very fun! Play with friends for more fun!
fantastical game
i love hearing the distant screams of my friends being brutally murdered. 10/10
Linggang Guli
It's a really fun game to play with friends! Highly recommend playing!
:)
very Good game and enjoyable
Game dooky, terrible, bad, horrendous
yea this game gas
worth the money
Have you ever heard of a toilet pirate? I bet you didn't because you're the stupidest pirate and imma pirate a toilet and put you in the toilet and you'll be a toilet pirate and imma flush you down the pirated toilet and you'll be a flushed down pirated pirate in a toilet pirate and i'll pirate the I.R.S. and find you in that toilet that I pirated that i will pirate you, you dirty toilet pirate.
Picks up orb from a dead monster worth nearly 6k. Turns around quickly. Accidentally breaks orb worth 6k on teammates head. Teammate gets rag dolled across the room. 10/10
My friends call me n word
game funny game good
A great evolution of the Lethal Company game loop. Supafun.
"It's all about the game"
Demasiado gracioso, espero que le sigan dando contenido con mapas o porque vale mucho la pena
gotta say, it's fantastic flint and steel chicken jockey chicken jockey the nether crafting table elytra wingsuit i.am steve chicken jockey water bucket as a child i yearned for the mines.
This game right here is the best game ever! So many laughs. I don't think I've laughed so much in a game in a very long time until I started playing this one. 10000000/10 recommend!
Gun Shhhheeeee
repo
very cool
funny game to play with games
funk
Game of the year easily, please come out with more content.
me dejo tocar a la laik
Shop Service Shop Service Cosme Add Matching
Add online multiplayer
great game for 4 people.
cheat engine works on it btw
its good, Funny Lethal company with text to speech.
Es goddd el juego muy grasioso y entretenido
Nunca tener miedo a un par de gnomos. Buen juego
OH GOD OH FUCK JUST NEED 1K AND WE OUT *Trudge has entered the chat* :| GGs
i get it now
One of the best games I've ever played with friends. As a transfem gal still nervous with showing my voice, the TTS makes it a lot more accessible. The physics mechanics are insanely fun, and there's not much else to say!
este es un juegazo pongalo en descuento plis esta muy caro
This is like lethal company but more funny. I also love the upgrade system because lethal company was really annoying when you could only sprint for 2 milliseconds then get touched by a coilhead.
10/10
would recommend if you like games like lethal company and content warning.
R.E.P.O has been so much fun. My only complaint - the rugrats. I hate them with a burning passion. WHY ARE THERE ALWAYS 3 OF THEM AT A TIME?! Rage. Pure rage every time I hear those brats.
Highly recommend this game.
The best video game to ever touch the face of the earth
You can restore some of your friend's health in exchange for yours by giving them backshots.
Slop game probably going to be propped up by modding just like the rest of these. Uninspired lethal company clone with a hideous thumbnail. Low player agency based on randomness and waiting. The controls are mechanically passable, and the talking trashcan schtick is cute, but lacking any background audio and on the whole overrated and underwhelming, boring even for early access.
Fun weird co-op game with horror elements. You'll laugh at each jump scare.
absolutely love the game, even in early access its a fun game and i haven't ran into any bugs yet. its most certainly a game to play with friends, its not as fun solo but don't let that stop you from playing it
R.E.P.A
hope they add the emoji mascot as a monster, so i can murder it and sell it.
So fun highly recommend
comprar este juego fue todo gracias a clips que la miniatura del emoji curseado me hizo pensar que era algo nada que ver XDDDDD, pero como juego lethal company esta bien GOOOOOD
Juego Zzz. Simplemente es el hijo bobo del lethal company
good
Me gusta mucho la de juego que tiene, el ambiente de cada escenario de las misiones son de muy buena calidad para la se escucha excelente y mezcla muy bien el terror, y suspenso con lo gracioso y cooperativo, definitivamente tienen que probarlo! recuerden que jugar con amigos siempre es mejor :)
very fun and dumb (in a good way) game
10 10
its like lethal company but better
trust
Yep, good game! Especially with friends.
jbl
lol
Ts absolutely Fire, btw make the duck and that animal/Kevin dude commit jumping into lava
This is just chaos at it's finest. An absolute hilarious time with friends!
aa
alien destroyed a 19.000 dollar grandfather clock, tried to grenade him but he killed me and everyone else
Continuously got knocked into bottomless pits, kidnapped by ghosts, assaulted by babies, shot at by old men, and murdered by evil ducks and clowns.
10/10 game would recommend to play with friends
Fun other than when u get caught in an endless loop of invisible dude taking you away from extract anytime you get close.
Demasiado divertido, para pasar un buen rato con amigos, y reirse bastante, me muero de risa cuando se agarra los items que cambian la voz kjajaajajaaja
ok
Mouth go wide, makes for funny, also very small boys, must toss. 7/10
good old fun man
sigma game
some dude gifted me this game, needless to say that this game is worth the money and is so damn funny with friends, best game 10/10
game fun with friends should play
lethal company pero mejor
menuda basura sogla rembolsa esta shit
FUN
Scary Monsters!
Great Game
Actually a crazy fun game to play, alone or with friends
HILARIOUS
mui weno
me encanto
Really enjoy the physics system that this game offers, continuously upgrading my strength and throwing monsters around like a beach ball is a great stress reliever
I've seen some clips of this game on TikTok and it looked fun. It definitely was a lot of fun playing with friends.I highly recommend this game. I hope they add new maps and enemies. I can't wait for it to come to consoles!
Also the chat feature has no filter which I love!
I love this game. Except for getting ripped to shreds by the monsters every time. But when you play with the homies, it is a good time.
Totally inspired, wild, hilarious, and plenty of scares!
or nui._0
good
R.E.P.O. runs super smooth, and had almost no issues with performance or crashes, which is a huge plus for a co-op game. The gameplay is a of cool (and creepy) mobs, plus some really fun loot to haul around with your friends. The physics make everything feel super interactive, and hilarious trying to carry giant objects while running from monsters. On top of that, the modding support is awesome, so already a bunch of cool stuff being added by the community.
Was playing with friends when we come across a lava staircase room and my friend was tabbed out and i think to my self ima tackle them when my other friend comes around the corner to see me just RKO the person into the lava and when it happened we all just lost it and sat for almost 10 minutes laughing uncontrollably. 10/10 would RKO again.
Very fun to play with friends. Excited for more updates
john madden
si si god
add the ability to have voice changes.
i like it a lot
Of all the games to be like lethal company, this is the first one that felt like an actual game that I would play long term. Things like content warning just were so lacking in content or a fun general gameplay loop. This is like being a moving company in a bad neighborhood, except you can also use TTS like it's moonbase alpha.
goooood
yeah, what if lethal company had multiple places to put loot that got progressively farther away and you all had to escape at the end. also the monsters feel meaner lol. yeah, it's good
Early Access? Early horror fun with friends or alone.
My friend picked me up and throw me to the big ass head
10/10
12/-10
game of the year 2025
love it 10/10
If you use a VPN for your network security, this game will not work. I refunded it after 17 minutes of attempting to host and join games. If the devs decide to reverse this and allow more people to play the game, I will re-buy and change my review.
me like
its so good. i walked into a room and got eaten by a giant head. 10/10 would recommend
PEPO
Muito divertido, mesmo sendo um jogo tenso, da pra tirar boas risadas com a galera
Me and the boys spent a fat 27 minutes just sitting in the lobby or first time playing laughing our asses off. If you want straight lack-of-braincells gameplay this game is perfect. 10/10
took buckshot to the face, got flushed in a toilet, got molested by the grim reaper, etc.
10/10
Bf was hyping this game up so i gave in to her, and im glad i did- our play-through was very funny and it had no issues/downtime, I'd say it plays better than lethal company and murky divers :3
peak comedy
muito louco.
fun. scary. and goofy.
having lots of fun playing this game
An amazing game with a similar play style to lethal company. The enemies and shop are a great addition and how the game progresses. would recommend people check the game out with some friends :) (the more the better.)
In a genre that can't keep up with itself REPO stands out with its physics, QOL features, and attention to details.
absolute CINEMA lol its amazing
MM
This game is mid af.
Graphics are terrible.
There's no real explanation of what the point of the game is.
So, you run and gather junk, hide from monsters if you see them before they see you.
Would not waste my time on this game.
This is the first Fortnite season ever played, and I just wanted to stop by and say that this game is incredible. As a Halo enthusiast that has finally given up on the lack of dev support for Inifinite, this game is a breath of fresh air. The weapons and movement feel amazing and the servers are solid. The constant updates and keep this game fresh IMO. This is the first game my wife and I have played together that we both enjoy. having a blast on ZB and I just wanted other people to know that Fortnite is not just for kids, for everyone! If you are thinking about giving the game a try, I highly recommend you do.
muito legal
What's not to like? The hysterically self conscious eye balls sold me immediately. thank you
awesome game to play with friends
10 10
good game but please add korea language
Gracioso para jugar con amigos y bastante bien hecho a pesar de estar en la beta
ITS FUN
yes
this game is alright it gets boring after some time tho
If you plan to play in steam deck: do not purchase. It does not launch reliably.
R.E.P.O is a great game, with that being said though. it does have some things that aren't exactly "kosher". I love playing the main game and messing around with friends. The game mechanics are also really addicting and satisfying. With that being said though, unfortunately the "creatures" in the game are a little OP from time to time. It all cool when something is chasing you down, but when it teleports into the 'safe' area and then you instantly die, that's kinda cringe. Overall for $10 I would buy this game again!
best game ive ever played
gun game
Great with 3-6 friends. SOLO IS AN ENTIRELY DIFFERENT EXPERIENCE.
This game is hilarious at it's core, fun, exciting, and rewarding even without a progression system. I was a bit unsure of it being a good game or not due to the emoji being the title picture of it but now that I have played and gifted it to multiple people I actually cannot get enough of this game.
+1 rep to the game for having the fun little voice changing items has certainly gotten some hardy laughs from the group. Keep it coming Dev team.
Com certeza este jogo merece teu dinheiro
Comedy is now legal
c
bb
best hit multiplayer game since among us i cant lie
Very hilarious funny yes indeed.
jegaso
alto juego para cagarse de risa
Goated game, Goated devs
Actual trash ass game
10/10 This game make my Discord full with friendship again! Thank to 'semiwork'
It's a more cute. more fun, more in depth version of 'lethal company', not there is anything wrong with lethal company but the ~facial~ interaction, lack of time limits, upgrades, item destruction and the ways you can combat enemies make this game every expanding in the ways of entertainment and replay ability and a lack of time restraint.
Si, muy buen juego para jugar con amigos lokuraa
We've had a bunch of fun with R.E.P.O. The juxtaposition of the horrific monsters/settings against the hilariousness of the bot design is priceless. Watching my friend run from a creature only to get caught by the eye that pitched her voice up as she screams to death will live on in my memory. Expect to have a long of laughs combined with a slight amount of terror with this game. It's challenging, but keep working at it and figuring out the mechanics. It gets easier.
good games to play with friends
invisible man
i got off minecraft for this
got destroyed by the blind man while muting mic. Perfect
Falta secso
so good tf
i lik the jely ben
CARA, ZOA COM A RAPAZEADA COM ESSE GAMER E BAM DE MAISSSSSS
SSSSSSSSS
its very awesomesauce and a fun gamefor your friends
funny
Bepo.
es demadiasdo divertida y troll ajja recomiendo 10/10
super fun i hope they add more levels and fun items that affect the player lol
Joguinho bom demais! me rendeu altas risadas a barriga doer
good game would play again 14/4
10/10 game
10 de 10
The game is really fun even in single player but cant play with friends because none of them do not own this game so i hope soon they will add public matchmaking the game is 10/10
This game is a fantastic and hilarious innovation on the Lethal-like formula, and has a lot of polish that feels great and indicates the developers really understand what makes this formula so captivating. I've played a handful of different lethal-likes and this one stands out. If some co-op horror chaos is your jam, please give this a try!
GOOD
Death is inevitable, but grab some loot on your way out perhaps
GAME FUCKING DOODOOO
Very good game and would recomend to anyone who likes Phasmophobia, Lethal Company, and, Content Warning.
game
Goated
Nut
its really fun with friends
better w friends cos funny asf, if ur alone ur crazy so join their discord to find people
super fun
fun, i die, i explode, friend die, friend explode, we fight, repeat
The best game to play with friends. Very funny
Already my favorite Horror Co-Op right now, has some real potential to grab me for hundreds of hours. Gonna keep a close eye on this one.
weno, compralo
repo?
bien una reporonga de juego
This game is such a blast with friends! The mechanics allow for the most hilarious moments. I feel like the challenge of the game scales appropriately as you progress with each level. Highly recommend!
the duck is going to make me end it
W GAME
fun game to play with friends good game bruzz
among us
juegardopolis
so much fun
veryy fun with dumb friends
donk
I love this
really fun game, would 100% recommend people to play it with friend if you want a good time
juegaso
just to funnnnnnn
yes
fun game
[b] It has a little something for everyone [/b]
[b] 10/10 [/b]
[i] MASTAPIECE [/i]
180
this game is so so fun with alot of people
the TAXMAN is evil
Amazing game
good
bao
7/10
ye
Un juego muy cagado (divertido)
this game is better than lethal company
this game is amazing so very fun and lively great community game
best game and made for every one
the only game i've played where you can rotate your friends
very good
spooky
10 out of 10 I Say it's better then animal company. Top game I've ever play. If you love party games play this. You can kill your teammates and yourself. Love playing in the discord
P.S. Its better with mods
Play by yourself in a dark room at midnights its fun i swear
Fumny
So far I am absolutely loving this game. The game is somehow hilarious and terrifying at the exact same time, like when you're giggling with your friends one moment and the next is you hiding under a table from an eldritch abomination that killed all of them. It's glorious. Also, I appreciate the fact that this game doesn't put a lot of pressure on my computer. My computer isn't that strong but can run this game really well at max settings. One thing I wish they did differently was the healing system. I know this is most likely a skill issue, but when you respawn, you only get 1 hp, and you CANNOT HEAL until you get back to the shop or to the truck after all extraction points are completed (but that only gives you 20-30hp). Overall great game and great scares. I highly recommend this game.
Edit: Me and my friends keep having connectivity issues with private lobbies. There are times when my friend (who hosts) keeps crashing for no reason. It might be our internet but no other game we've played together has this issue. Still a great game though!
fun but i keep crashing :(
(my fault not games if any ideas please respond)
I love getting molested by wierd creatures
The blind guy nearly killed me because I watched him fall over and I nearly burst out laughing until I remembered the second he hears noise he becomes prime shroud and instantly blasts you
);
Yeah its pretty funny, great with friends and singleplayer too. The physics are really fluid, and even for early access its a really good buy. Only problem is that stupid fucking logo, I can't express how much it pisses me off that not only is it the icon AND banner, but its also in the game. Devs, please think of a new mascot lol.
Solid 9/10
this game is whattttttttttt I would suggest this game to others players because I would :D
it is very fun and sometimes actually scary
Muito bom, alem do velho filho da
Procedural maps are so well made that map variety doesn't even feel like an issue.
Soundpad
10/10 SCREAMING
good medicine
You hear something shatter in the distance and come around the corner to see your friend staring at the ground before looking at you.
You know what they did.
el mejor juego de la historia
What a blast!
After good times of Lethal Company it all led up to this. Absolute gem you have to try because I shoveled thru lots of trash of LC like games to arrive here.
Best 10$ me and my friends ever spent and so should you
Lethal Company but with brain rot.
Very fun
peak gaming experience 10 out of 10
It's pretty fun!
Very fun multiplayer game, and can even remain fun singleplayer! and the TTS is funny haha
f*ck the rope
Very good cinnamon rolls
Ingredients:
For the Dough:
1 cup warm milk
2 large eggs, room temperature
1/3 cup unsalted butter, melted
4 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup granulated sugar
2 1/4 teaspoons active dry yeast (1 packet)
For the Filling:
1 cup packed brown sugar
2 1/2 tablespoons ground cinnamon
1/3 cup unsalted butter, softened
For the Cream Cheese Frosting:
1/4 cup unsalted butter, softened
4 oz cream cheese, softened
1 cup powdered sugar
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
Pinch of salt
Instructions:
Prepare the Dough:
In a bowl, combine warm milk and yeast. Let it sit for 5-10 minutes until frothy.
In a large mixing bowl, combine flour, sugar, and salt.
Add melted butter, eggs, and the yeast mixture to the dry ingredients. Mix until a dough forms.
Knead the dough on a floured surface for about 5-7 minutes until smooth.
Place the dough in a greased bowl, cover with a damp cloth, and let it rise in a warm place for 1-1.5 hours, or until doubled in size.
Make the Filling:
In a small bowl, mix together brown sugar and cinnamon.
Roll out the dough on a floured surface into a rectangle.
Spread softened butter over the dough, then sprinkle the cinnamon-sugar mixture evenly.
Roll and Cut:
Starting from one long edge, tightly roll the dough into a log.
Cut into 12 even slices and place them in a greased baking pan.
Second Rise:
Cover the pan with a cloth and let the rolls rise for another 30-45 minutes.
Bake:
Preheat the oven to
Bake the rolls for 25-30 minutes, or until golden brown.
Make the Cream Cheese Frosting:
Beat together softened butter, cream cheese, powdered sugar, vanilla extract, and a pinch of salt until smooth.
Frost and Enjoy:
Once the cinnamon rolls are out of the oven, let them cool for a few minutes before spreading the cream cheese frosting over them.
Serve warm and enjoy!
tuff ngl
friendly and funny. just perfect
pog time with fwends
googe game
skibidi AHHHH
lethal company but better. spent over an hour with a friend just messing around with text to speech
Muito Bem!
Very Funny
Love this game!, super addicting to grab items and extract them :)
p.s. the eyeball on solo is really annoying :(
it has lots of potential and it could be better than lethal Company
goty
EXTREMAMENTE INCRIVEL
features muito boas, mecanicas de jogo individuais e coletivas bem trabalhadas e claro muito
deveria caber mais gente
one of the most fun multiplayer co-op games I've played
very fun and very chaotic
got eaten by a french man
zzz
Yo tambien me rei con Tito Yayo pero ese tipo aveces se pela :v
tretretrotrotratre
good game
xD
Excelente con amigos, muy divertido
FOME EL JUEGUITO
divertido dmss, muito bom dms com os amigos
Take everything that's not nailed down
pog
fire
Silly robot go brrrrr
(very funny gaem)
It's funny when you die :D
GREAT GAME
Big Black balls
god
fun
A return to the oldschoold days of running as far as you can through a game, because once you die, its over.
Procedurally generated maps, slightly janky controls, enemies that make the game feel exceedingly unforgiving, and a reminder that if you arent careful, you can softlock yourself.
Its honestly best played with close friends and a good situational awareness
THIS GAME IS AWSOME
yes
yes
yes
Its a good game and a scary game
Peak
Estaba tranquilo y mi perro ladro, eso me llevo a tener que sacrificar al perro para poder jugar tranquilo sin morir. Bueno juego 10/10.
very fun game, extremely difficult but more fun with a friend. however my friend raged quit and refunded it to buy and other skin in marvel rivals. its cool but I can't seem to get past the two extraction points.
big bobs dick sausage
<3
fun horror co-op, really funny if you're with your friends messing around, possible game of the year.
asmei
pretty good
i had not got'en a chance to play it that much but looking at other videos its looks really fun and im looking foward to playing it much more
i think the tax man hates me. but its okay
Scary furniture game
So much fun to play with friends! 10/10
It's the best scary furniture game!
This game is SOOOOOOO awesome, and horrifying. but besides that it is such a derpy game to play through. oh man i sure do recommend this game. Especially for people wanting to play something funny, and horror. and to play with some buddies.
fun
GUN.
GUN?
GUN!
best 10 bucks i ever spent on a game
yes
laughs and giggles
its funny
good game very fun with friends
F.R.E.A.K.Y.E.P.O.
can people stfu about the emoji thumbnail
it good
so much fun. i love the jump scares.
SOOOO funny lol
fun playing with friends, dying of laughter
thumsb up
Its a cool game
Una obra de arte para re cagarse de risa
really funny with friends
REPOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO me :) i like it bitches suck my dick n'wah
ts game is so peak especially because im playing with speds
no tengo amigos para jugarlo,saludos
Es el puto GOTY
Most goofy fun I've had with friends in a while <3
:)
PogChamp
Great Game to play with friends.
PIKA
game fun much fun play with frens and i bought the game for myself even though i had access to the game through steam family just to support devs :D
beautiful game well made
It's a good game. But if you have friends with negative iq then its gonna be difficult
good
my throat hurts from screaming and laughing
can't wait to see what the devs will du further! :)
menuda caca de juego mueranse desarrolladores
vacan
Lots of fun!
many laughs to be had
fubn
Juegon, cabron
SPOOKY
Absolute cinama
I love how the game isn't that difficult to play and is more about the horror rather than sweating to reach a quota. R.E.P.O. has amazing scares while keeping an initiative to actually explore.
very good
GOATED
Very addictive and fun, but it really needs a unstuck button for the in-game menu. I've gotten myself stuck a few times on accident in small spaces. All you can do is self destruct and that's really annoying when your at full HP and doing great.
i liked it
My biggest complaints is the item breaking system, i guess cus i suck. its frustrating when the hardest substance on earth shatters instantly because i ran into it while i had it in my hands. what would benefit this game is a difficulty button, or some sort of system that helps you understand the entities more but i guess some people like figuring that stuff out on their own. it especially makes it enenjoyable when your friends break the items, jump into you, and kill you by throwing you down pits and into the sell platform.I find that since you get reset to the first stage every time you die, you are often playing the first maps over and over, which sucks because i thought the later stage ones were cool and i hardly got to play them. It may be fun for some, but just isnt for me.
Great to play with a group of friends, can get pretty hilarious! Highly recommend.
Fun!
hilarious and excellent experience.
this game is what I've been waiting for.
Would highly recommend it!
Great Game
[h1][spoiler]yoink
awesome sauce
Game is GOOBTASTIC
lethal company walked so repo could run
THE FROG IS TOUCHING ME THE FROG IS TOUCHING ME AHHHHHHHHHHHHH
gg no re
hes right behind me isnt he
Ta bueno
-
JOGO FODA DMS SLK ri demais com muitas poucas horas jogadas se o dev atualizar o jogo bastante vezes ira virar um hit dms
sigma
As a fan of Lethal Company, this game is a similar style, but has a much better interface and smoother gameplay and graphics. The game mechanics are intuitive and easy to pick up. The lack of a timer means you can go at whatever pace you want. The monsters/enemies, while challenging and intimidating, each have their own rules and you can learn how to deal with them. Every playthrough is unique, and the multiplayer is loads of fun.
The gameplay can be summed up as: gather loot and bring it to extraction points while avoiding monsters, get paid, go to the shop and buy upgrades and tools, repeat. Every trip increases in difficulty, with higher quotas and more enemies. Different enemies will affect how you advance in different ways, with various aggression triggers and levels of lethality. If you are playing multiplayer, it is possible to revive your friends in the middle of a run, so they are not left out the whole time if they die early.
Fun game to play with friends and siblings.
un cago de risa
lethal company but with them storybot dudes
strength upgrades
The best PC game Ever made.
good
amazing with friends
The monsters WILL touch you, just do a sick flip and yell something funny before you die.
A whole lot of fun with friends would definitely recommend. Friend gifted it to me to play with them.
I've killed my friends countless times and it's really funny
This game doesn't remind me of BrianD, and I hate BrianD.
hahahaha
goon
El mejor juego que me haya traido risas y estres jsjsjs pero si muy divertido, recontra recomendado<3
VERYYY GOOODODDD
good
*gulp* Says the soon to be shot robot.
OH MY GOD YES
epic.
Maravilhoso! Vale cada centavo. Isso porque ainda saiu a completa!
yippee
w
got touched by a blind man. 10/10
blind shotgun guy best guy
Yes, this game is fun and is as funny as it is scary. However, I personally feel like this is mostly an enjoyable experience in a group. I don't know if they're planning to add matchmaking at some point (I hope so), but if you have friends you can play this with I highly recommend it. If you don't have a group, I'd hold off until you do or they implement matchmaking. Playing this alone is definitely not as fun (in my opinion).
Juego bien divertido para jugar con los panas, pasan cosas muy raras y divertidas.
recomendaciones:
no jugar con amigos con tea o hiperactividad, ya que romper todos los objetos y joderles la vida. tocar la nariz del peluche de payaso 3 veces cerca de sus objetos, les el valor
Tocar al pato, los a todos lados y les vida frecuentemente.
Gritar al mosquetero, ya que el ruido lo asusta.
Acercarse al caballero con mazo, les da abrazos.
Tirarse a los agujeros que hay en los mapas o charcos de ya que les un impulso de velocidad.
Dejarle objetos al los hasta el punto de
Vomitar a tus cuando sean por el bicho volador.
Buen juego para jugar con amigos, muy divertido y aleatorio, puede pasar cualquier cosa en cualquier momento, metanle mods para que sea entretenido e interesante.
I like this game. It's pretty fun.
Este juego es tremendo, muy divertido con amigos y innovador. Le veo un gran futuro, se le pueden un de cositas pero me alegro de que haya recibido tanto apoyo.
Espero ver cosas como espacio para jugadores sin necesidad de un mod y nuevos personajes.
The head sucks.
This game is overall really fun to play, It's fun to just mess around in it and play with small or large groups of friends!
i lkei
me gustaria que ponieran de jugar con otras personas
Ragdolled into a pit 2 hours into a solo run.
Very fun, would recommend.
Ri pra klr
its peak
Literally so fun to play, even if you're not playing seriously
Jogo pra jogar com os amigos!
Muito inovador e sensacional!
Vale cada centavo!
PROTECT THE BABY RUGRAT AT ALL COSTS, GIVE IT WHATEVER TREASURE IT WANTS
repo is a gaem
puto juego de mierda como me encanta siempre jajas gritos miedo pero mas el trabajo en no equipo me encanta
Super fun with friends, so far level 11 is my best. Give this game a few months and itll be even better.
Such a funny game to play with friends.
Would recommend.
10/10.
Entre a un mapa, me aparecio una bufanda negra con patas y me garcho, 10/10 recomendado
-
-
-
A entre os jogadores algo essencial para que o jogo se torne mais do que apenas terror, e nesse quesito os desenvolvedores acertaram em cheio! pelo desenvolvimento e pelo jogo
It's fun
This game is so addicting and I just want to play 24/7
overall fun game, ugly profile tho, not very demure.
Fun times
top
Got backshotted by a ghost, destroying 9000$ worth of items at the same time, then I saw one of my friends blow themselves up. Would recommend.
Really fun to play with your friends. Its hilarious too!
Alot of fun! VERY fun with friends! The more people the more hilarious.
si
HAO
lo mejor para jugar con amigos. las risas nunca faltan.
Way better than Lethal
Magical box oh where will you take me.
Very funny game indeed
:)
Very funny
Gaslighting your friends in the most fun ways
Amazing and spooky, also UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
Literally lethal company but somehow even worse. If you enjoy getting killed in one hit even at full health, then go ahead, otherwise just wait until no one plays it on Twitch and everyone will forget about this game
Ta bueno
fire
Hide from monsters under table, friends kill monster, crawl out from underneath table, get bitch slapped by the monster's soul, breaking it.
10/10
bonk
Beware the duck.
me n spongebob will meet you there
Muy divertido, lo unico que se podria mejorar es que algunos monstruos se escuchan muy solamente muy de cerca y te matan sin avisar
this game is horrible
Freshly baked, a wild delight,
chaos, screams, and thrills in sight!
Run, hide, or laugh till you drop and die :D
my brainsss its woberheating pwesa helpaseedfg.
good game
GG
Super fun to play with friends, especially if you can get a full group of 6, but even with like 3 people it feels rewarding when you complete the later levels. I've not played random lobbies so couldn't say how that usually goes for people.
Funny and cool w friends
The sexiest characters in a game I've ever seen!
big black man chased me
>Goofy ass, busted monsters
>Countless Reviews by 15 year olds with zero criticism
>Pog
muito para jogar com amigos
buy it
lost of fun with friends
funny game
EL que lee esto es gay
esta goooooooooooooooooooooooooooddddddddddddddddddddddd
great game
Repo is the funnier version of leathal company, dont get me wrong i love leathal company but something about repo gives me the actual creeps lol.
REPO
Great game to play with friends
buy game
make friends buy game
observe how stupid friends are
join the stupid
horrors approach
watch friends die
laugh at friends
game good
THIS GAME IS ABSOLUTE ASS! I CANT SEEM TO LIVE PAST ANY ROUND! FOR SOME REASON ANYTHING THAT HITS ME SEEMS TO BE MY ABSOLUTE KRYPTONITE! THIS NEEDS TO STOP! (this might just be a team diff)
there was a lazer blasting me and my friend. i was for some reason really calm about it until i decided to make noise while hiding and unfortunately, i died to it. 10/10, would see a lazer again
It is a fun horror game to play with friends and it is funny
dont play alone
fun
killed the duck, went to pick up the orb it dropped, smashed it into my friends face. 10/10
19
Great game. Funny and horrifying at the same time and is very fun.
gud
Really fun to play with a friend or more. If they add a level-up system then it would be a 10/10 game. Good job devs :)
fun
I played the game for quite a while so far and I am loving the game. It's kinda similar to Lethal Company in a way. It's really hard which I love. The monsters are hard to avoid and kill. The experience is great and I will definitely be playing more of it!
funniest compeny game of the centrey
a VERY good game with da boys, clown guy i hate, duck i im scared of, and goofy.
muito
ich finde das es ein spiel ist aber, es besser wenn du random joinen
muy entretenido juego para jugar con muchos amigos la pase muy bien jugando CHIZU_(ARG) que me regalo este lindo juego me gustaria que pongan servidores
Yes
lustig mit freunden
very good game we need more games like this
Very fun
TIGHT
I dropped my friend in the toilet and flushed him in 10/10 would do it again
Please, buy it if you have friends. IT'S WORTH
FUCKING FUN. scary as hell some times. absolute gold.
Fear with friends is fun.
This game is really fun with friends but can get stressful
Lack of public matchmaking makes this game very difficult to enjoy
great
Got molested by a little duck too many times to count. 10/10
h
It's fun. I don't have any friends to play with, and it's boring to play alone.
I love how this went from a cleaning game to a multiplayer extraction game.
Also love the small dev team, you guys are awesome!
how do u join public lobbies instead of having to join ur friends
FUNNYFUNNYFUNNY!
The best game I've played with friends in a long time. Thank you Semiworks for such a Gem!
It's.it's more fun than lethal.
maybe i treated REPO too harshly.
Al parecer, este juego busca una experiencia envolvente e intensa en sus pero a lo largo de la aventura se percibe una clara falta de profundidad en ciertos aspectos que haber enriquecido mucho la experiencia. Desde el principio, el juego presenta un mundo y personajes con potencial, pero el desarrollo de la trama deja una de como si las piezas del rompecabezas nunca llegaran a encajar completamente.
Y es donde me atrevo a uno de los grandes ausentes en la del juego, este el potencial de ofrecer una experiencia pero se queda corto en varios aspectos cruciales y aunque no quiero reducirlo todo a la ausencia de contenido sexual, este tipo de escenas haber sumado una capa de realismo e intensidad emocional que el juego lamentablemente no alcanzar.
En no hubo coito con los amigos pero el juego muy bueno, por lo tanto me veo en la de darle un 0/10, lo recomiendo completamente
i got sacrificed by ryan
YES
Took me a half hour to figure out how to start the truck.
im sorry WHY ARE MONSTER SPAWNS INCREASING IN THE EARLY GAME 5 DUcks on MISSION 2. 5 FRIGGEN DUCKS Gnomes ignoring destring 6-7 k worth of treasure making the levels unbeatable. Imma bout to mod the game to the point where if its in the cart it dont get brok AT ALL IF MONSTERS WANNA FIGHT I WILL FIGHT But DONT IGNORE ME FOR MY LOOT.
spewers think theyre tuff
good
i got told that i was gonna be touched followed immediately by the huntsman killing me and all my friends, 11/10
fun in general, scary alone, funny asf with friends.
my friends killed me repeatedly in the shop with grenades and mines
10/10
uhhhhhhhhhhhh uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh hhhhhhmmm yeah
atleast it's fun
good
not fun
I HATE THAT LITTLE DUMB DUCK! GET HIM AWAY FROM ME!
Honestly the best game ever made. This game is actually so fun to play its actually crazy
Comedy gold mine
Very Goot
its sooo FUNNY HAHAHAHA
bom
The best group fun I've had in awhile. 10/10. Cried from laughing. Will likely win "Better With Friends Award" this year.
B U Y I T!
This game is awesome
10/10
+
hello
been playing R.E.P.O for a while now, and I have to say, been an incredible experience! The game offers a unique blend of strategy, suspense, and immersive storytelling that keeps me coming back for more.
The visuals are stunning, and the attention to detail really makes the world feel alive. The gameplay mechanics are smooth and intuitive, with just the right amount of challenge to keep things interesting without feeling overly difficult. I love how every decision feels impactful, adding an extra layer of depth to the gameplay.
The atmosphere is tense and gripping, with a soundtrack that perfectly complements the overall tone of the game. one of those games that has a way of pulling you in and making you feel like part of the story. I also appreciate the regular updates and the clear commitment to improving the game.
Overall, R.E.P.O is an absolute gem and a must-play for anyone who enjoys well-crafted indie games with a fantastic narrative. Highly recommended!
Very similar to both Lethal Company and Content Warning.
-Play as a cute lil dude
-Proximity chat with your friends
-Enter spooky map
-Scrounge items/content in order to fill your goal
-Buy silly things
-Go to next harder map
-Get demolished by scary monsters
-Watch from the "dead view" while they scream and die
-Repeat
It's fun, just like the other two.
i like it but for some reason after a little in a multiplayer it kicks me for some reason
It's all fun and games until a Rugrat spawns
amazing game
very good and funny ass game
Schwae
1.2
10/10.
very fun i love the invisble man
funny
muito recomendo
robot capitalistas explotados por una empresa zatanica lo compro
good game
ver good
Good game but has issues with the save files. I know you can create backups and stuff but Im pretty sure the average not so tech-versed player wouldnt wanna be bothered by all that.
Fuck robe. Robe makes me not want to play.
Otherwise the game is fantastic.
Edit: It is mostly fantastic. There are some combinations of enemies that makes the game impossible. Like our last run: 3 rugrats on level 2. There is no way to keep up with the mass amount of items they are grabbing and throwing all over the place, and you are too weak to pick them up at that level. Not only did we eventually die, but there were not enough items left to finish the extraction. There is just no chance of winning that unless you have a huge team to keep up with them, and we were only two players at just level 2. I feel there needs to be some minor balancing that takes into account the amount of players.
100/10 hilarious and great with groups of friends! Also great way to make new friends (and possibly enemies [ask me how i know]).
Me and my group of guys played twice and we've had a blast (would play more, but life leaves me little time for gaming.)
And another great thing about REPO is that it's an Actual Team building this game. Not just two or three guys. I see a lot of potential for this game's Future and I'm excited to see what's to come. 9/10
:(
I know it's early access, but there is no multiplayer unless they're on your friends list. Plus it keeps messing up my mic. I have to have discord running before I load the game for it to work in-game, which is lame. Also it resets you to level 1 and takes away all your items and $ every time you die. Just not my cup of tea, but my son likes it so I play with him.
ta bueno
Muito bom.
good game would want it to be crossplay tho
xd
Bought this game for the laughing emoji
Buen Juego
Linga gulegulegulegule wata lingagu lingagu
I thought it would just be a Lethal Company knockoff but this is actually REALLY good
such a good, new, and fun game to play with the gang. I love the work the creators have done so fast! Keep up the good work!
very very funny
larry took my peenar in this game.
perchance.
goty
4 saatlik bir oyunun otistik varsa kafa "ben" oyunun seyiri bu durumlarda otistik oe oyun. otistik
Desde mi experiencia como jugador solitario, es muy recomendable jugarlo, de las pocas horas que le di es muy bueno y divertido, en solitario es algo tenso y complicado en a los monstruos, pero una vez que le agarras la mano es posible pasarse cada mapa sin muchos problemas, una pena que no tenga lobbys y de tenerlos seria maravilloso y aun divertido que proponerse a jugarlo en excelente juego!
w
mega W
sigma
h
dft
It def needs more maps and or more objects / different looking objects. even though the rooms are random it still feels the same. but overall a good game to spend hours on for the price
jaja que diversion jaja
Kaif
no tiene server asi que si quieres jugar consiguete amigos xddd o en el foro pero el juego esta 9/10
Currently No Inverted Mouse Y option makes the game unplayable for me. Videos I have watched make the game look amazing, just play it. Hopefully the option is added, if not I will have to request a refund like many others.
Real fun with friends and really re-playable game; the more the merrier :)
sapora e boa
pos nomas
mnie czas w kiblu.
this is such a fun and goofy game and there's so many funny things that happen 100% recommend it
FUN but my friends are maniacs
My brother bought this for me so we could play together, and so far it's one of my favorite games, I'm ngl. I'm a huge fan of Lethal Company, having experience doing high quota and 10 quota runs in that, and this game shares a good few elements, except in many ways, it feels more fair. I don't quite feel the same competitive drive for this as I did/do with Lethal, but it's way easier for me to enjoy this game in a casual, just for fun kind of way than Lethal anyway, so that's fine.
2 mental people couldn't feel my wrath of 9 strength
Bueno para jugar con amigos :D
AAAAAAAAAAAA
This is a really good and fresh game to get with your friends, got a lot of funny moments with it.
Congrats on making it viral! Since you're a relatively new game devs you made what so many aspire. Glad to check out new content in the future!
HILARIOUSSSSSS NUFF SAID xD
lethal company is boring, this is peak
All the "comedy" this games can provide can be experienced in one hour, shit gets boring fast.
Perfeito!
but dont change settings if ur in a game if then it freezes
its a doll dude
jgo e boooooooooooooooooooooooooom
O jogo em sim e muito bom, mais podia ter como entrar em servidores pra jogar com aleatorios, vc escolhe seu idioma e procura servidores disponiveis, se puderem fazer apenas isso eu
le estaba diciendo a mi amigo que me estaba cagando de la risa la primera vez que me porque me mataron como a una mujer lesbiana (lo q soy) en el en los 50 y cuando se lo estaba contando ME A MORIR FUSILADA
best game ever to play high and with friends
GOTY
survival horror
fun to play with others
This game is pure chaos in the best possible way. Imagine being hunted by horrors while desperately lugging a Golden Bull through a hallway at 3AM with five friends who are all screaming different directions.
BUT get to the real reason writing this:
The laughing emoji mascot. Must. Stay. not just a mascot a lifestyle. If the devs ever even think about removing him, I will uninstall this game so fast Steam will crash. And then I will reinstall it and leave another review asking for his return. Because deep down, we all know:
R.E.P.O. without the emoji is just R.P.O.
After a while the scariest part of this game is losing my 9-5.
Me a comprarlo para jugarlo con amigos, es muy tarde para reembolsar. Es mejor el Lethal Company no decir por seguramente es porque fue el primero en hacer este estilo de juegos.
No entiendo pero simplemente nada del juego me llama la no tengo intriga por los mounstros o enemigos que el juego pueda contener, no me interesa aprender funcionan, y no me divierto jugando ni con amigos, es una muy me aburrido tanto en un juego de de $5.
if this game is "friendslop"
then let's just say
i'm on the friendfarm
and i'm getting sloppy
this game is very fun especially with friends and if anyone wants to play who has a mic add me
An M-rated verison of the emoji movie.
It needs a difficulty slider.
Fun just needs a server list.
it good like it
VERY GOOD!
PEAK ITS JUST PEAK
amazing fun, had a blast with a couple mates recommended.
super bueno
Really fun game
excelente, larreta tiene dientes muy fuerte
Muehehehehe-lookin' ahh game you should play it buddy 10/10
Juego bastante entretenido y si jugas con amigos te podes echar unas risas. Para ser un juego relativamente nuevo, posee enemigos bastante buenos y fuertes, claramente estaria bueno mapas y enemigos adelante, pero con lo que posee el juego actualmente la pasas bomba.
Very silly i just don't like the gnomes bc im scared of gnomes
:3
Addicted to this game and surprisingly it helps my ptsd? I just practice taking deep breaths while I am scared shitless
!?
fun
goty
gooooood game
I love this game i can't stop playing it
It's fine but I prefer Lethal Company
I'm that ONE person, who HATED Lethal Company. Its a neat little game just not for me.
REPO however I FREAKING LOVE!
It has fun collection mechanics that are just on the right side of intentionally janky to be fun.
The monsters are fun and different and they keep surprising me.
Game gets exponentially better with each friend you add.
Even now in early access it feels like a full experience, even if you only spend 15-20 hours with it right now.
Can't wait to see how this game evolves
very good game and very fun to play with friends
peak
ruim. pessimo. fui com a cara.
it fun when playing with friend surely at first yes why not
after a long run i think a balance mannn. god is awful
stamina is consume too really fast slowly regen fucking pointless to upgrade
too expensive gun that reward u with stupid randomly accuracy
last extract enemy spawn way and way too much wtf? ex.infinite gnome spawning at u with no cooldown
pull a object on flat surface and it randomly ruin ur item
stupid randomly shop item that random everytime it should be the same and have everything in store to spend my money
just remove the auto extracted when it reach a minimal price off man it ruin all the item and it annoying to put everything in a last second / just let player confirm the extraction by hitting a button or something else
Mechanical Muppet Mayhem
good game fun great mechanics looking forward to future updates of this game.
Very fun and it's funny playing with friends and acting stupid.
ffffefdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdf
gun shot
gameplay: sim
divertidade: sim
amizade: sim
terror: sim
vontade de jogar: sim
raiva: sim
si lo jugaria me cago de de risa con mis panas u el pana blazzard es el negro de la partida 10 de 10 lo jugaria siempre xd
BUENARDO
bazinga
we cant get past stop 4
VERRRRYYY GOOOOOOOOOOD VERY VERY SCARRRY BUT GOOOOOD AND GOOOD GREAT EVENN YAYYY
nice either solo or with friends.
Fun games I got a lot content in there!
awsome sause
Repetitive
Uppies.
THIS GAME IS THE BEST GAME I HAVE PLAYED!
Difficult and Fun?
en co-op korku oyunu. hafif otizm ve varsa daha bir sinirleniyosunuz ama olsun. Canavarlarla gameplay hepsi her seferinde hissettiriyor. He bir de ota boka bahane bulup favori aktivitem. Oyun 11/10. da ucuz yani. 30dolar olsa gene
BUENO
F* Hilarious. Best time ive had in a game in a while.
Game is really fun, I preffer multiplayer I love that game.
funny good hard and a bunch more i love it
10/10!
i got molested just for coughing. 10/10
Juegazo
I used my friend as bait. 10 out of 10
Same friend gifted me the game.
g
Resumen: me uno al juego y invito a tres subnormales, nos persigue una con tijeras, mi amigo se le ocurre poner un audio de don pollo, nos matan y perdemos
10/10
trrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrremenda basura, buen juego
feels like a shit post.
10/10
also i think i shidded myself
Juste de bonne barre
Game fun but my friends no play with me
Belle Potentiel de malade de troll entre amis! Je ne me tanne pas de ce jeux! de voir la suite!
repo
10/10 recommend. This is a very fun and goofy game to play with your friends!
Muy buen juego
Lo malo es que no tengo amigos.
Great game for groups of friends
topxuxa
cooking
no clue whats going on but fun with the bois I guess
its funny with the bruzz
FUN AF
Molestando robos
Masterclasse j'y ai jouer plusieurs heures de suites sans voir le temp mais le jeux vrm moin bien quand ta pas d'ami.OUI JE PARLE DE TOI
Never thought id enjoy a game about working for the tax man
i hate the gnomes
gud game makes me giggle
We was goonin
i was eating chipotle too loudly, and i was shot by a blind man that somehow has 100% accuracy
qewa
fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuunnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn!
Game is awesome and funny when playing with friends this game is def worth $10
Un viejo se por las escaleras, mi amigo y yo nos reimos de el y nos un tiro en la cabeza
10/10
20
200
:3)
10 10!
really funny game
Some good ol fun shenanigan making game
i recommend this game for people who love trolling on their friends its so funny and i like it so much
good
goooooooooooo
Pra quem curte uma gameplay em coop-amigos e risada esse jogo recomendo
I survived a psychic alien, a blind man with a shotgun and a hoard of gnomes just to be killed by a crazy doll.
10/10 I would throw that doll into an endless abyss again
z
top
Just a himothy game
I slammed a baby on the ground with three other people. 10/10 game.
TOP
im transgender
Fun and simple game that gets harder the longer you survive
it is so much fun with so much chaos
Easily one of the funniest games to play with friends. Great mix of thrills, chills, and laughs. I can't wait to see this game continue to grow, and I can't wait to see what other ways I can fuck my friends over in the future. 10/10.
best game to play with friends, but if you feel a hand on your shoulder, just bend over and accept it.
my only complaint? losing everything on single player mode.
i got so many upgrades, was doing amazing on my own only to be cut down by the scarecrow chick because my character cant regain stamina fast enough to save their life
Pokud hru pro sebe a tak
Super hra :3
R.E.P.O. is an absolute blast with friends! The physics-based gameplay adds hilarious chaos, and the horror elements keep you on edge. It's the perfect mix of creepy and fun. Highly recommend if you're into co-op games that get your heart racing and make you laugh out loud!
Mag ich. Find ich toll!
never thought i would see my friend laugh and get his brain splattered on the wall after some evil grandpa with a shotgun heard him
\
too peak!
Excellent experience to play with friends and train teamwork.
goated 8/10
base
I love stealing - Bender
ye
good revive mechanic, more than 4 players without mods, fun TTS and other effects. real fun with friends.
10/10
yippie!
Either you're good or you're bad at this, you carry the team or the team carries you. The game can be taken seriously and you absolutely R.E.P.O. the rewards or you can be goofy and attempt to play with monsters. 10/10 recommend for anyone looking for a good game time with friends or alone (if you like being terrorized by monsters) if you like hide and seek, treasure hunting and working together. Also love it for the fact I can pick up my buddies when they "squat" and toss them around.
Yes
good
pure chaos
El juego esta juego puro singleplayer pero seria bueno si se pudiera revivir a cambio de dinero y recomezar el nivel, por si te llega a matar un monstruo o te caes porque comienzas desde cero el juego y pierdes todo tu presupuesto a diferencia del online que si se puede revivir llevando la cabeza del jugador muerto al camion (No tengo amigos para jugar y reirme)
no lo recomiendo
Jogo incrivelmente divertido com elementos de terror incriveis, se jogar com amigos vai dar gargalhadas e se assustar pra caramba jogo 10/10 quem tiver de jogar pode jogar porque a experiencia tanto sozinho quanto em grupo valem a pena!
heavy is spy
AAAAAHHHHHHH!
This game allows you to steal the balls of your enemies, 10/10
amazing, best game fr
yes
Remy Boyz, yeah
1738, ayy
I'm like, "hey, what's up, hello"
Seen yo pretty ass soon as you came in the door
I just wanna chill, got a sack for us to roll
Married to the money, introduced her to my stove
Showed her how to whip it, now she remix it for low
She my trap queen, let her hit the bando
We be counting up, watch how far them bands go
We just set a goal, talking matching lambos
At 56 a gram, 5 a hundred grams though
Man, I swear I love her how she work that damn pole
Hit the strip club, we be letting bands go
Everybody hating, we just call them fans though
In love with the money, I ain't never letting go
And I get high with my baby (my baby)
I just left the mall I'm getting fly with my baby, yeah
And I can ride with my baby (my baby)
I be in the kitchen cooking pies with my baby, yeah
And I can ride with my baby
I just left the mall, I'm getting fly with my baby, yeah
And I can ride with my baby
I be in the kitchen cooking pies
I'm like, "Hey, what's up? Hello"
good game my friend blew up amnd called him the n word
great game but graphics are mid
seru
melhor jogo de terror para jogar com amigos fdps
bosh
goood game. bad logo. change logo plz then would be a much more popular game.
very good very good
could be used for strat
funny
Is so good. The visuals have so much polish and the little details like eyes and mouth movements make them just so fun and silly. There's one or two creatures I am not sure of the mechanics of and don't seem to be able to avoid dying to but otherwise this is a super tactile reinvigoration of the Lethal Company formula.
good game recomend to not play with indian thio
Hilarious game
yes.
njahdwalidjwaidjasdlwaldnwaljskjlk, that is all
very joyful game especially with your frinds
FUN AND SILLY. MUST PLAY
;]L0P-L=
silly
kinda funny
Es lo mejor que me paso en la vida, mejor que el nacimiento de mi hijo.
Nice!
Esto es mejor que coger.
10 10
R.E.P.O
The hourglass is massive!
round and round we go were it stops nobody knows
Super sigma
you can have a panic attack while laughing THIS GAME IS THE GAME OF THE YEAR 100% SURE
good game, fun, better with friends
Nice.
i remember this game before it went famous its also a pretty neat game its really good
I think it's fair to say that R.E.P.O. has both learned from and greatly improved upon the premise of other titles in this genre. Semiwork seems to prioritize a much more interactive approach to the overall game feel, which can be felt in their items, enemies, and map design.
[*] Items have good variety of effects. Some are fragile and break against surfaces, some items make noise or do quite a bit of other things that I don't want to spoil.
[*] The map layouts have a very organic nature to it's procedural generation that makes exploration feel good. You don't waste time getting stuck in rooms that all look similar to each other, and I've actually had some pretty cool atmospheric experiences in a couple of the maps. You also interact with map elements to find loot (like Amnesia-style drawer and cabinet opening).
[*] All of the enemies so far have really interesting quirks that also promote interactivity with items and hiding in environment.
The game has also sprinkled in several smaller mechanics that enhance this interactivity (i.e. items losing value if you do not take care of them), and is further accentuated by the entire physics system. The artistic direction may also be compared to Lethal Company, but still feels very unique and cohesive.
My only real complaint at this point relates to the spectator's experience. There have been a couple times I've walked into a room and died with very little notice, which may be OK in itself, but what is not fun is having to spectate the rest of the lobby. This can be saved by having an interesting social dynamic in your lobby for you to observe - but considering that isn't always the case - the game would be greatly served by somehow working to keep that momentum of "interactivity" for players who may be stuck spectating for a while. Maybe they have a way to make limited communication with other players, or maybe they can somehow interact with the environment.
Overall, the game looks good, feels good, has a good amount of quality content. It is very easily worth its asking price!
asd
Mocna gra. Mi bardzo Potwory bardzo towarzysz jak dziewczynka.
EL MEJOR JUEGO, QUE RISAS, INCREIBLE
beautiful GAME BUT i need ACHIEVMENT. THAT'S MY UNIC REQUEST LOVE U CREATOR GG
put the RE in the PO
LIT AFFF
game is good play it
also amazing developers
Probably the only fun game of the "Lethal Company-esc" types
i think matt mercer from critical role could make a better co-op horror game with proximity voicechat!
The lethal clone
thias game is a clif farming its so good
cool
poop
es buenisimo y causa muchas risas
repo is repo
fun game
JBL
wueno el juego
i shit myself 3 times playing this game! also that babadook thing needs to go suck a long one. great game!
bitch keeps breaking my shit now we cant make money and she keeps trying to get in my pants, chat how do i fix this? or chat am i getting a bitch?
abbiamo giocato in due (sconosciuti) per 4 ore di seguito. bel gioco!
RECOMENDO MUITO! de ser um jogo de e terror, um jogo muito divertido de jogar com os amigos! espero que futuramente esse jogo ganhe uma online de verdade, porque o online atual precisa de ter amigos pra jogar, seria bom criar salas abertas para todos e jogar com Mas o jogo muito bom, muito provavelmente o melhor do jogo do ano, o jogo tira varias risadas durante a partida e a jogabilidade bem diferente! Recomendo demais esse jogo!
makes you feel like batman 10/10
pretty funny, havent played online yet (no friends except 1 that ignores me :( )
funniest game
and good
good time
5000 bucks
This + random smoke detector
let me knooww, let me knoow
one of the funniest horror games I've played in a while. would definitely recommend getting this game. of course its always even more fun when your chaos group of friends play too.
IT is FUN
Great Game! love playing with my friends. I really like how open and committed the devs are. Excited for future updates!
banger
funni gam
100 100
W
Absolutely love this game! Super hilarious! Highly recommend!
Don't tell your friends that when you buy from the market you will respawn
Great and fun game to play alone is scary but fun!
good
very good if u have freinds
GOOD
Best steam game
played in a 6 man party and it was hilarious and fun
The duck is a rascist. 10/10
bon jeu quelques correction a faire mais sinon il est bien
Nous sommes mort de rire avec mes potes
mierdijuego
Desde que comenze a jugar este juego me ha crecido el titan. 10/10 recomendado
this games makes a really good first impression in the first 30 minutes it is so goofy it's amazing
good
fun game
Fun
comedic timing
Very Fun. Necesito amigos para jugar.
scaryy.but funnyy.
awwwwwdfdsdsada si
You guys really need to make proper/automatic save file loads a thing. You can't quit mid round, because all your progress will be deleted and you have to start from zero all over again. I can't and won't dedicate all my time/attention to the game and whenever something interrupts me, I should have the ability to quit the game quickly, without having to lose all my progress AND run the game constantly in the background on pause. It's not cheating but common sense. How things are saved right now is "balls" in a negative way to describe it. Else I have no problems with the game, but this is a basic necessity for scrap hunting games of this kind. Thanks to the devs :) Also for the love of god, please switch the position of the "quit game" and "enter menu" options. I keep accidentally closing the game, because my brain is used to "enter menu" being the lowest option as they did in Minecraft for example. You can put "quit game" on the front page, but it's really not necessary in the "in-game menu". That's it.
godd
Amazing.
Pros: EVERYTHING. The monsters, levels, maps, upgrades, and the gameplay are all well thought out.
Cons: You need FRIENDS.
That's all.
everything
that lethal company phase wasn't enough at all.
I havent played the game much but I have already gotten trapped in a toilet, shot by a man, and carpet bombed in a shop.
funny
very fun with friends and can capture a bunch of funny moments definitely recommend
Very fun with friends
I like the physics
Alles.
me arrependo de ter comprado pra mim e pro meu amigo, jogo otimamente incrivel pra jogar com a rapaziada
it is fun
JUEGAZO
Las risas no faltan, solo le falta un modo para pute@r a la gente mas claramente
Jogo muito tooop, deixar o idioma em assim que terminar o game
why does mine keep crashing when i make a vase hit the ground or even open it also my laptop is 9 years old so it could be because of that or something in the game
gun gin guli guli guli gan gan gin gan gun gin gan gun
Very pathetic and disappointing of you developers, while playing at LVL9 you suddenly kicked me and my friend out with message"Executed". Why the hell did we spend 45 minutes trying to collect 150k?
Really pathetic and not to be praised!
its fire 10/10
muy bueno el juego, pero yo que soy el rarito que juega con mira invertida y no tienen la de ponerlo :(
It's really fun with friends. though, i do wish you could get into random peoples lobby instead of having to be their friend. this is a game that you need friends for.
This game is fun, playing with friends is not just funny but makes the game just a riot to finish together, and the addition of monsters being attracted to different thing like the noises you make in game or on the mic just add to the experience
Lethal company is iat was fubbt ahahahahahahahahahahaha
good
fun game, very fun with friends but im too scared to do single player
Me gusta mucho el juego pero me gustaria tener mas amigos para jugarlo
i love how random this game is.
its cool
content warning solos trust 100%
No apto para personas sin amigos
its a nice game scary sometimes but fun i recently learned about drones and i LOVE THEM
No que hicieron un enemigo inspirado en la Maeb
sakat insanlarla zor
6. sonra tekrar etmeye bence bir sonu
10/10 com amigos mas sozinho daria 4/10 e se tivesse como entrar no server sem ser por amigo seria bom
bueno
so good
best coop horror game and its not even fully released
amazing game to play with friends, dont play it alone its boring if played alone unless you are an introvert like my friend ameer
outstanding!
sincerely the best extraction style game i have played. seriously fun and diverse and rewarding
better than lethal company
bla bla bla ble ble ble uu blublublublu
on e of my favorite lethal esq games
change the emoji mascot please other than that its peak goofy silly
muito bom, maas procure joga com amigos.
Stupid amounts of fun, funny as hell with friends, can confidently recommend.
Amazing. Linga guli guli guli linga.
If you like Lethal Company, you will probably like this game too. It has a similar premise but with more mechanics that make collecting loot more entertaining.
= =
Witcher 3
frame foi pintado por Da Vinci
= Requisitos =
coisa que conduza energia
calculadora com 1 pilha
✅Um celular
pc de entrada
com CPU e GPU muito boas
da NASA
= =
✅Nenhuma
uma historinha
digna de prestar
boa
pelo Tolkien (prepare o
= Jogabilidade =
✅Precisa de dois dedos pra jogar
(4 dedos pra ser
bacana
excelente
= Complexidade =
da velha mais complexo
de entender
de aprender, de dominar
daqueles jogos que as pessoas ficam estudando
de, no 2 doutorados
= Dificuldade =
cachorro consegue
Dark Souls
Souls
o ser humano capaz de zerar
= Tempo de jogo =
jogar enquanto ouve 1
seu neto termina
= =
melhor jogar no mudo
✅Muito bom
escritas por Hans Zimmer
escreveu junto com Beethoven
= Bugs =
vi nenhum
✅Pequenos bugs
ficar irritante
estragar a gameplay
= Publico =
casuais
profissionais
✅Tudo e todos
= Compensa Comprar? =
FREE
justo
se tiver dinheiro sobrando
uma
demais recomendo
queimar seu dinheiro
= Nota final =
✅ 9.0/10
It is like lethale company but better und more funny (in my opinion)
Only good if your friends are not stupid and argue over who gets the most money and over what upgrades/items everyone gets. Please find a productive and employed team if you want to play the game and have fun.
Best game horror 2025
its a very swell time
po.
acho que o melhor jogo para jogar com os amigos, muito bom mesmo!
Friends make it better
absolute cinema
i wish they added playing with other people then your friends
:D
one of the best games to play with your friends very fun to watch joe biden eat you piss colored friend
gv
THIS GAME IS PEAK!11!1!1 :fire:
molto bello da giocare con gli amici non mai un momento di noia
This is fucking AMAZING
vtfygci
fun times playing with frens
Fun with friends!
Discord to find other players if you dont have any friends with the game
Fun with Friends
pure comedy
pinche juego todo estupido lo amo
jogo bom
MUITO BOOM
Compra asegurada si o si, es muy divertido, me he podido
Zuerst hatte ich Sorge das es mir zu gruselig wird, weil ich keine Horror Spiele mag, aber es ist super lustig wenn man es gemeinsam spielt. Es macht das man es mehrere Stunden am spielen kann.
+herausfordernd
+Geschicklichkeit ist gefragt
+Gruselfaktor
+super lustig
-alleine nicht so lustig
-Monster sind eklig (wie Monster halt sind)
Gracioso
bom d+ pra xingar seus amigos
si tenes amigos compralo
hilariously terrifying fun af fr
so much fun! friends and I are enjoying the game very much
I enjoy
add public lobbys other than that its a great game
much fun
sztywne
wonderful, skibidi
Very fun
fun as fuck
e
good
This game is very nice to play with friends but there is a problem that the stamina runs out too quickly and you don't even make 5 cm
fun and funny game
gut
So much fun with friends
iyi
PERFEITO
awesome
Caca
fun game
Great Game. Takes away depression. Friends make this game Amazing.
FODA
Great Repo simulator. Only thing missing is crying children wanting to know why the Bad Men are taking the big screen tv and angry drunk men in wifebeaters trying to shoot you as you ride off in their truck they missed ten payments on.
Hilarious with friends.
10/10 I say!
The only thing I would change, is making the voice chat last for additional 1sec after you die, as that last scream makes things more funny.
LONG LIVE THE EMPIRE! o7
This game fun and enjoy.
moc moc dobra hra z kamosemi
doporucuji!
very ALAH AKBAR GAME
any one want to join me just send an friends inv
Very funny)
yes
10/10 10 10.
great game
jogo daorinha para passar o tempo com seus amigos capaz de
demasiado bueno el juego me cage de la risa
Having a good time playing this
- go to someone mansion
- look for some high value item
- put it in the cart
- found an old man hanging around
- toss an item to his face
- he fall
- pick him up and slam him on the floor
- he die
- extract with the loots
- sell the loots
- get back to the truck
- go home and play R.E.P.O
awesome rizz
its funny and silly and goofy and im pessimistic
R.E.P.O. ist das ideale Spiel alle, die sich jemals gefragt haben, wie es wohl ist, unter Zeitdruck ein sperriges Klavier durch ein Labyrinth voller enger Fallen und gieriger Monster zu bugsieren Spoiler: Es endet im absoluten Wahnsinn.
Eben noch balancierst du stolz eine zerbrechliche Vase durch einen Schacht, und im Moment wirst du von einem Tentakel aus dem Fenster geschleudert, im Voice-Chat kollektives Geschrei ausbricht.
Was folgt, ist eine chaotische Mischung aus Teamarbeit, und der immer wiederkehrenden Frage: "Wieso tu ich mir das eigentlich an?" Und genau deswegen ist es so verdammt unterhaltsam!
yes
like it game
emoji kinda put me off, actual game is amazing, great w friends, silly, scary, good game
Better than Lethal Company
C'est tarpin fun
BEST GAME
good
im so scared
Buenisimo
this game is so fun to play with friends
Fun for a few hours but it lacks long-term motivation and constant disconnects make it currently really hard to enjoy this game.
Good
Shotgun guy is 100% faking it
vERY FUN GAME LOVE IT
Fire. XD XD XD
retards even people only
Very good game! It's hilarious to play with your friends and watch them get killed by the monsters. Try NOT to laugh at them dying at said monsters, either staying quiet and surviving. Or, failing at not laughing, and dying to the same monster as a result. Definitely would recommend. 9/10
Mi amigo Jaime Gonzalez Ramos le encanta este juego y tiene el pecho asi como undido asi que si el puede jugarlo todos pueden (Jaime Gonzalez Ramos es un tanto retrasado)
best game
:)
Excelente juego para jugar con amigos, risas aseguradas y muchas horas de juego
banana
dont.touch.the.duck
yes
funny
10/10
Playing with many friends is fun. But if playing alone, it would definitely be scary. I would like to increase the number of people in the lobby to 8-10. And can you guys add achievements to this game?
game
hell yea funny buy it
My friend got shot dead by old man Jenkins because the frog went off, he was PISSED so every time he see's the frog he breaks it or ignores it entirely 10/10
robot
sexxito
Gabriel - "Vou comer minha ex de nov"
POW!
*Breno e Gabriel foram mortos
Jogo perfeito, valeu cada centavo.
bien very funny una mona negra gigante me chupar mi pilin y yo no la y le pegue con una taza y se y todos fuimos a comer helado y un amigo que se al Android y jajajas
Muy divertido y de entender, solo que agregar mapas.
cool
Ok the game is fun in multiplayer and in single player i dont care what everybody else "oooh single player isnt fun its sooooo boring" IT IS FUN people have 0.2 hours of playtime and they dont like it like play the game before you give it a bad review #REPOGOTY
Lots of laughs from this one.
POR FAVOR, LEIA ISSO ANTES DE COMPRAR O JOGO!, SE VC FOR JOGAR SOZINHO VC VAI CHORAR IGUAL UMA GAROTINHA ASSUSTADA, INDEPENDENTE SUA IDADE, E JOGANDO COM SEUS AMIGOS IMBECIS VC NAO VAI FICAR COM MEDO, VC VAI FICAR COM ODIO AO PONTO DE VIRAR UM MALUCO SEM SANIDADE MENTAL. joguem com amigos que batem bem da
ive never played a game that i have laughed so hard that my guts hurt! such a funny ass game!
Lethal Company 2: Canadian Trash Men Expansion
zajebista gra o siedzeniu w szafie
ITS THE BEST!
VERY FUN
Very fun, only bad thing is when you die and friends take very long to revive/complete a level.
La mejor mezcla de todas amigos y terror es un juegaso lo recomiendo 10/10
i has lots of stamina and speed
Good game
muito bom
i wanna give the dev's a big fat hug and like 50 dollars
very fun game with friends
My friend kept on alerting the monsters by screaming. good game though would recommend if you have a lot of people to play with
lethal company, but better
amazing game and its better with others
10 10
360
I died
Super fun!
un buen juego para cagarse de la risa
peak
Top game!
bao
THIS GAME IS PEAK! I CANT WAIT FOR NEW STUFF!
The monsters are cool
The game play is fun and the mechanics are really cool
It might be a little similar to some other games at first glance but its almost a completely new experience that is 100% worth it whether it be with friends or playing solo
If ya got a few bucks to spend its a must buy for sure
no no no no get outta there get out run
super duper zaebiss
Best game of 2025
Amazing game that runs incredibly well on Crossover for Mac. Fingers are crossed for mac support ASAP so I don't have to use crossover and for COSMETICS. But seriously hilarious and scary game. Well done development team!
pashol (
ITS SO MUCH FUN
AWESOME WITH FRIENDS :)
fun asf
so silly so fun
cool game hope u will update more stuffs and monsters and maps
He's right behind me isn't he ?
le meilleur jeux d'horreur que j'ai vous devez y jouer maintenant
Addictingly fun and frustrating game with your friends! definitely try this game!
i slime my friends out
super fun
very silly and fun game to play with your friends :3
lethal company
WAMPIRA ZE
Divertido
very fun, suddenly it was past midnight
Super fun and engaging, designs are good. High potential for this game
Veryyyyyy goood!
good game
This is a great game for a fun time with some friends
Demasiado divertido
Laughed my bum off with friends for 3 hours straight
god game
shalalalala
its ight
oof
nice
funny
jogo bom, amei trolar meu amigo, recomendo
haha funny
The most Dunder of Humor
ok
bom pra caralho
Robar en casas ajenas con tus compis, huir de sus inquilinos, miedo y risas a partes iguales
TAXMAN:
legal
Don't let the thumbnail fool you! This game is hilarious and more cute than it is scary. I just have to get the hang of rotating things and I'll be unstoppable. (Why is that so tricky?)
Also: turn on background recording if you haven't yet, even if only for this game. The clips you'll catch are so good.
es muy bueno simplemente
has me laughing and screaming. love it highly recommend.
I would strongly recommend this game.
I've lost two friends already looking for more,definitely recommend.
Perfect for late night gaming with the boys!
gut
Facilmente dou nota 10 para esse jogo. Absurdamente divertido, nunca pensei que iria me divertir com um jogo de terror. Para um early acess, mais do que perfeito.
Lepszy CS2
ts pmo
Really fun game, refunded because while the game really intrested me to the point where i wanted to play it myself, i'm just not the kind of person that enjoys being startled even if i'm resistant to being scared, being slightly shaken still isn't somthing i enjoy either when i'm acctualy at the controls and not behind a gameplay video.
I would still genuinly recomend this game because despite me not enjoying it as much as i hoped, the gameplay loop and upgrade system is still adicting enough to have kept me engaged for more than an hour which i belive is definitely worth it if despite me not really enjoying myself, it was still capable to be engaing enough to keep me around for that long and not nope out earlier. definitly a great time otherwise, making monster eat mines, grenades and shotgun blasts was a really fun time and it dosen't take too many upgrade to start felling extra powerfull.
Who know maybe i should have gone multiplayer to realease some of the tense atmosphere from time to time but i'm not too confident in playing with randoms personnaly.
Summary : really good game, just not for me to play myself.
EDIT : Decided to stop being a pussy so i rebought it to keep playing
10/10 multiplayer game
For what this game is its not horrible but its not the greatest either. if youre looking for a side game just to mess around on with a few friends sure it can be a fun game. Its really comparable to lethal company and in my opinion is a little harder fighting creatures and grandpa cant shoot for shit because hes blind as all hell so there are also parts that are easy. but. kill the gnomes. those little bastards will literally screw your whole game up! when you get some cash theyre a kill on sight enemy! oh. and dont touch the duck. fair warning
-{ Graphics }-
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
-{ Gameplay }-
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
-{ Audio }-
☐ Eargasm
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
-{ Audience }-
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☐ Adults
☐ Grandma
-{ PC Requirements }-
☑ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
-{ Game Size }-
☑ Floppy Disk
☐ Old Fashioned
☐ Workable
☐ Big
☐ Will eat 15% of your 1TB hard drive
☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it
☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data
-{ Difficulty }-
☑ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
-{ Grind }-
☑ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
-{ Story }-
☐ No Story
☑ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
-{ Game Time }-
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ To infinity and beyond
-{ Price }-
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
-{ Bugs }-
☑ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
-{ ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☑ 9
☐ 10
super
Um jogo massa, gameplay massa, diversao massa, e bem massa!
yeeting yourself AT the monster is a valid strategy for escape.
may not have played enough to judge, but this game is absolutely fire, just the 1 thing that's annoying is Upgrades not being shared.
"This is easy.OH GOD WHAT IS THAT?!?!?!"
Es Bueniiisimoooooo. Es Super Divertido Pa Jugar Con Amigos y Los Graficos Son muy Buenos. Si Lo Jugas Solo Al Menos a Mi Si me Llega a Sacar Buenos Sustos y te Podes Divertir UwU.
Lo Recomiendo Mucho;)
best game out at the minute hands down
it can be funny or scary or both
its just the best
i cant wait for future updates
Fun
this is a fun game but only play w friends
First I go whip out the boat
No, I can't hit on no brakes
My life is out of control
I'm tellin' you, nobody safe
I've been livin' my life limbo
My ice, it came with a tray
It's so hot, I gotta hide my face
This game is fun
The emoji on the other hand needs upgrading a bit
Anyway would recommend for people to play
Better with more then 1 person
it is a great game if you wanna goof around with your bros and also dont let the emoji turn you away, it doesnt have anything to do with the game
es la putisima ostia (Solo que hay veces que estoy solo y no tengo nadie con quien jugar)
very dumb game 10/10
para jugar con amigos y tal lo unico q quiero que son mas mapas y mounstros cada temporada en caso de q las saquen estaria muy chulo
This game is very entertaining for friends, it has entertaining levels. but the mascot NEEDS to go. the mascot is ugly and made me think this was a dumb game before my friends told me about it
so no head
Hilariously fun game with just the right amount of spook. I look forward to playing it whenever I get the time!
this very nice with friend yes
Nice game
buen juego pesa poco y es divertido
brzydka dziwka leci na ciebie z a ty uciekasz pod jak dzieci w Ameryce podczas strzelaniny a I tak zabija 10/10
You're going to get your butt kicked in the beginning, a lot. Learn the mechanics, learn enemy behaviors. Eventually, when you run with a good team, you'll bully the monsters.
buenisimp
very good game :)
funny text to speech
Super fun! Only problem for me is the connectivity issues that me and several of my friends have been experiencing. Other than that, a matchmaking mode would great
very good game
funny haha
ITS SO GOOD IM GOIN CRAZY
its amazing
Best game ever
8
3
10 10
Jogo bom e divertido com amigos.
There should be severs in the game so you can join other players without having to invite friends if you dont want to.
)
This is the best game ever
repo made me reep ass
EARLY ACCESS REVIEW
✅ funny moments
✅ cool monsters & weapons
✅ quick & fluid world load times
✅ revivability (not dead all game)
❌ emoji mascot
amazingly fun
If you enjoy stealthy space crime, and unexpected explosions, R.E.P.O is the game for you
Very fun with friends
MONSTRE
Se hai dei amici e quegli amici hanno un PC, prendilo e giocateci assieme, sto gioco la cosa migliore dopo il pane bianco
FUN FUN FUN
/
paso 1
pasar el tutorial para poder jugar
paso 2
jugar con los weones
paso 3
carrearlos
paso 4
morir
paso 5
perder la partida
paso 6
jugar otra ves
Risas aseguradas
Super Spiel. Vorallem wenn man stirbt, weil der alte Mann vor einem und dann von ihm erschossen wird, weil man lacht 10/10
a gaemer gaem that gaems for gaemers whenever the geamer needs a new gaem to gaem on.
gracioso y accesible
Hans
story bot gameplay
love
The only scary thing about this game is that you open your soundpad.
good game
OUI
Lethal compagnie en plus mieux et plus
BEST GAME (BETTER THAN LOL)
Flint and steel
so much fun with friends
giga giera
good
cool game,scary but funny too, a friggin frog kicked a door and i went flying
funny
funny
fantastic, cannot wait for crossplay to be a thing!
es una mierda
this game in fun and funny
REPO is more fun than games like Phasmophobia, even with repetitive gameplay. The action stays engaging, the monsters are well-designed, and it never gets boring.
The monsters are funny and I like how this game makes my friends argue with each other whilst I sip beer and laugh.
the best horror game ever
i love this game, its scary and hilarious at the same time! only thing i ask for is controller support :D
harika oyun
Muito bom
The game is truly gaming
fun game if you have friends
Incredible game, terrible banner picture.
I would say this is better lethal company. Love how the head moves, reminds me of canadians from south park
good game to play with friends
tambir oe bir oyun
Very good game.
Must Buy Trust In The Taxman
jogo muito divertido e perfeito para jogar com os amigos
Bombardiro Crocodilo - in fottuto alligatore volante che vola e bombarda I bambini e Gaza e in Palestina. Non crede in Allah e AMA le bombe. Si nutre bello spirito di tua Madre. E se hai tradotto tutto questo, allora.
gut und so
very fun with friends
Zajebista gra, innych patelniami i kaczkami
FUCK YEAAAH
its cool i guess
Fun.
hello yes good game
aa
assie alien ik ben zwart
fire
a jew came and touched me
uuuuuuuuuuuuuu
Died three times in a row. Played with 5 people. Everyone is screaming. Everyone is laughing. Nobody knows whats happening.
10/10
lethal company.
1)
2) :)
3)
1)
2) lethal
3)
NUKE BOMB MOD
Game of the year i hope
macrowaved storybots get sent to commit theft on local demons
top
fun asf
myslalem ze fajna gierka ale okazala sie slaba
fuck me jayyyyyyy
English: The game is really fun and there are three different map designs. The map is always generated differently and there are up to over 15 Monsters, all of which are different. I woudl also like a museum map and a school map. Now lets go back to the game play. You have to try to take as many possible. You also have a shopping cart at the beginning. The item can lose value if it is damaged. There is also a shop where you can get upgrades or weapons and med kits. You can also kill your frends. You shoudl always be careful with the graphics Its okay, you cant conplain for the price of 9.75 Euros its an 8.5/10 for me.
1
my friend blows me up with the grenade every second he can whenever we get to the shop to piss me off
amazing game
W Game
W Sigma Monster
W Sigma Rizzler Charakter
ida m3a moh w nowis w rayan, ghir achriha, w ida mata3refhomch ghir maklah tchriha. xD
it's a work in progress however the game is a lot of fun especially with friends
"glup"]
es muy divertido para jugar con amigos
Content making game - amazing.
pipe me
Unfortunately, in a genre full of hilarious party games, REPO does a few things right but most wrong. I love the checkpoint system, but find the enemies boring and bland. Furthermore, the charm of these games are the comedic moments and laughs, yet REPO makes every situation so. very. forced. I felt as though I had to make my own fun and force enjoyment, which is not ideal when other games do it so fluidly. I also had multiple audio bugs that would cut my own mic and cut me from hearing anybody's audio, so I would have to rejoin in order to fix it. Oh wait! This game has NO rejoin feature, or even no join feature at all once the game starts. Ugh. This is a Lethal Company clone, and the worst of them.
I love bashing my friends' heads in with a frying pan, would recommend
muy buen juego para jugar con amigos, es muy divertido, gracioso y da algunos sustos
funny
Honestly, if you enjoyed Lethal Company with friends, you'll probably enjoy this game as well. The more physics based gameplay adds just enough variety to separate itself in the genre and makes for some of the funniest moments in the game. Also, obligatory: The cover is not a good indication for what this game actually is and looks like AI slop.
+
10 10
Fun, expected turns and a great multiplayer game. Tho the heavy breathing kidnapping ghost is a pain to deal with.
Es uno de los mejores juegos coperativos para pasar el rato con tus compas la verdad es muy entretenido no tengo quejas en cuanto al gameplay lo recomiendo jugar con amigos no es tan divertido jugarlo solo
better than lethal company
Another hit for indie co-op games! this game has character and moxy. the horror aspects are scary but can instantly turn into comedy in a flash! 10/10 will by for any of my friends that own a computer and a half decent mic.
MAZNA
bien
w gre raka do mojego pokoju tato mi w gentalia a je i mnie w odbyt, bylo to przyjemne uczucie jednak lekko mnie a raczej jego brak, po udanym stosuknu moj ojciec wskoczyc na do kibla i matce tekkena na morde, sie prawdziwym sigma ohio giga chadem, gdy mnie pasem rah zabimaru
mysle ze ma ze soba problemy i powinien sie leczyc
MAZNA
Good game!
[table]
[tr]
[/tr]
[tr]
[td]
Die one by one by one [/i][/h1]
[/td]
[/tr]
[/table]
10 10
gutehn
Definitivamente si, menudo pedazo de goty, graficazos, es un juego de miedo que llega a dar bastante miedo si no sueles jugar juegos de esta pero es divertido de cojones.
:D
bra och roligt spel och det allra att det injagande. Men det att man inte kan joina en puplic server med fler pers och att man inte kan spara sina framsteg vilket det med spelet enligt mig Men rekommenderas verkligen om man har att spela med. Och inte att ladda ner en soundboard med roliga ljud. Det kul att springa runt och sen sig och tyst! Och sen bara spelar man roligt ljud. BIG rekomment
FIREEEE
Lo recomiendo con amigos, aunque aun creo que le hace falta contenido. Despues de un par de horas se vuelve muy repetitivo
Brilliant game to play with friends, great laughs and just a lot of fun.
evet
Play first game
get an ass-load of scrap
die immediately
scream like a bitch and make another mouse-hole in the wall
10/10 life changing experience
friend told me to play
got in and instantly pulled into a lobby
died to a floating head
tried solo
got jumpscared by gnomes
finished my extraction and got out
100/10
add sex
Things I assume they'll fix:
- Character upgrades not transferring when disconnecting
- Dead players not being able to start the van
- Invisible man softlocking games
- Carts/shop cash not scaling with player count
- Extraction space/active count not scaling with player count
- Loot being less value than needed to extract
- Sliding treasure on the floor still damaging it randomly
Things I hate compared to Lethal company but are features:
- One button controls, so you never know what you are going to do when clicking
- Everything is wobbly/smoothed so anything you try to do will be randomly not working due to "physics"
Review:
It really feels like playing a game that I forgot to turn off mouse smoothing on. Everything is inconsistent and you are constantly punished for things you have no control over, like a monster walking over your cart or another opening a door to make everything fall off the map
But hey, it's extraction horror. It's fun with friends but nothing to get competetive over.
fun for the whole friend group
Un juego en el que no faltan las risas, no recomiendo jugar solo, si tienes muchos amigos y estan dispuestos a gastar 10$ vale mucho la pena, terror y diversion a la vez, esto nunca se encuentra en los juegos
Have the funniest times on this game, so many stupid moments! 10/10 would recommend!
pretty fun to play with people. 8/10
Cloud Error Simulator
Amazing game
dieses spiel ist cool
game is fun and addictive but far to buggy and inconsistent to recommend if your planning to actually play it and not just fuck around for fun.
i like it
This game is super fun it's like lethal company meets autism it's the prefect game for just messing around with your friends it's hilarious how mamy times I've died to my friends playing noises on soundboards
Great game to play with friends. Period!
ist fun mit freunden
11 / 10
love the fun things about this game
friend got ganked by billy badass (the robe ) would play again
yes but i keep disconecting
i scream like a 7 year old girl when mr.shotgun man comes
aeiou aeiou aeiou uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
ta bastante bueno jugarlo con amigos 100% recomendable, espero que los creadores no lo abandonen
daora
10/10 would recommend
very nice
Antes de jogar, melhor ler!
No multiplayer, 60% das brigas por causa de um carrinho. Sim, um carrinho. se puder, entre com a carteira de motorista em dia (e um advogado de
Os outros 20% das tretas rolar porque resolveu falar na hora errada. Dica de o velho em todo lugar. Onde menos esperar. ele vai estar.
vezes, o jogo decide te levar para um passeio pelo mapa inteiro. Relaxe, curta a vista, aceite o brinde principalmente do 6 pra frente.
Sobre a gameplay? Pegue todo o dinheiro que puder. Cada centavo. Cada moedinha. Porque mais cedo ou mais tarde, vai precisar. E meu amigo, choro e boletos. (Ghost)
Boa sorte! vai precisar.
great fuuny group game
Top
Poorly done knock off of lethal company.
im quite fond of these android looking mfs
NOT SHOVELWARE. Don't let the ugly player characters and store page emojis fool you! This is an extremely well polished and high quality game! So much juice and care. If you love Lethal Company you'll love this game.
[b]FUN[/b]
i can say whatever in funny robo voice
Please fix bugs like big and small items being destroyed on evacuation, either because not enough space or because thrown items for unknown reason get destroyed when you drop it there. Fix steam cloud save error, ruined one of my saves, and fix other minor stuff. Sometimes the game just simply makes some items just fly away and be destroyed. Please add more pits at the extraction points, it's too much space for big items like dinosaur skeleton.
i like this game, but i don't like Steph
fun game only problem i seen was cant use controller hoping you guys will get that going and working for many of us that wanna use it fun game tho
-
- 25
-
-
-
2-3
gud
good game
aika
Very polished gameplay for a beta release
fun e
YES
NO LOCO EPICARDO NOS LLEVAMOS A LA RATA
really enjoyable great to play with new friends so u can build up your friendships through funny moments, there should be more games like this
fun, even without friends shockingly (said someone idk, i have many friends)
sim, meu amigo imitou um meme
WHERE IS THE INVERT MOUSE OPTION?
3 LINES OF CODE SHOULD DO IT! CHAT GPT CAN HELP.
GOTY 2025
10 10
It's so funny and challenging! :D
yeni bir oyun gayet ve bir oyun herkesin birlikte bu oyunu 1 kere denemesi gerek
i dont get it but its too peak shout out my gnomies and i AM the king of losers
moj kolega rozstrzelony przez starego dziada bez oczu 11/10
Incr avec les potos
good soup
Great Game.
Its chaotic, scary, all around very fun and easy to get lost into for hours.
The only thing that really needs to be added is an easier way to join multiplayer lobbies, because thats where the fun is at.
Theres two easy solutions for that;
-Join the oficial REPO discord and copy and paste join codes into a browser.
-Download a server list mod.
It could also be nice to add more cosmetics, but this game is still new so thats not priority.
I HIGHLY suggest playing this especially with friends.
10 10
10 10
10 10.
GOIDA
Fun to play and love how silly it is!
Good game to play with friends, recommend
Punch the Baby
UKIIKI
bardzo gra, ale muj frendziol mnie rapuje vuskiem na scrap wienc 6.5/10
very funny
JOGO MT ZE KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK mistura terror com comedia mt bom
Metal bois goes bonk and boom
zrzyugalem sie obsmarkalem obrzygalem sie wszzystklo narazzzzasdf a tylko dlatego ze moj kolega podchrzanal i nie ogarnai;l gry 10 ; 10 polecam kazdemu yg[= nie moge odd y cha
Sehr Lustig und macht sehr viel
w
fun game to play with friends
This game is PERFECT with friends, great atmosphere, amazing sound design, and some kick-ass monsters to go with it! If you have friends, then I say you should DEFINITELY get it and play it with them.
the best game on steam, i love it you love it everybody loves it! (im totally not just at gunpoint by the huntsma- *BOOM*
eines der schlechtesten spiele die ich je gespielt habe
SO SIGMA SCARY MONSTER EAT YOU AND YOU DIE FRIEND PICK AND YOU LIVE VERY GREAT GAME
pizdoes
very very goot gem
peak hilarity
Just the right game for the group to laugh and scream! This is such a fun getaway and I highly recommend trying this game out with your friends. Even better after a few drinks and you all are looking to unwind a bit after a long week. I think the little characters and their animations might be the funniest part!
Amazing game
Great fun
better than lethal company i like to kill people :)
guacamoleniggapenis
"Can I pet you please?" I asked the duck. Fuck you said the duck. Who was actually the Apex Predator guy.
sigma game
heheheha
gas
Awesome devs, keep up the great work!
jedna z najlepszych gier w ktore mozna zagrac z znajomymi worth
scary funny gfame
asdads
Okan Buruk ve
IM FREE ATLAST
i like
Ich habe nur geschrien. Vor lachen oder todesangst, keine ahnung aber die grauen haare nehme ich allemal in kauf 10/10
fun
Good
linga guli guli guli wacha linga gu linga gu
super
LING GAN GULI GULI GAN GAN
Entered someones home univited stole a bunch of stuff, was shot and attacked by a few kids. 10/10 would recommend
Get addicted to R.E.P.O. Not gambling
10 10
Its so much fun to play with and without your friends. Funny twists at every turn
bla bla bla ble ble ble
+
-
ALL OF YOU GUYS HAVE TO TRY THIS!
Do not stand in front of the cart driver.
This game taught me two things: 1) Crime pays, and 2) Vases are way more fragile than they look. I set out to be a master thief, but honestly, I spent most of my time accidentally shattering priceless pottery. If you're looking for a game that makes you feel like a stealthy before you trip over a chair and send an antique vase to its one's for you. 10/10 would break into another mansion (and another vase).
i love it, but cant sex the bear
R.E.P.O. is an absolute blast! The mix of horror and co-op gameplay keeps you on edge the whole time. The atmosphere is intense, the sound design is chilling, and the teamwork aspect makes every session unpredictable and fun. Definitely one of the best horror co-op experiences I've had in a while.
Best game of 2025
Oyunun Fizikleri Efsane. Grafikleri Oyuna Bir Hava
This game is greeeeedy and as greedy as it is it punishes the greediest players hardest. I recommend anyone who enjoys the scary games to play and bring your friends. Prepare to have the bickering not even monopoly can dream of inducing.
incredibly sloppy programming
Went in with two friends, one was drunk and he rammed the cart into me every minute, 11/10 game would play
Mega zabawna gra.
Przypomina Lethal Company.
Granie ze znajomymi w coopie oraz trollowania ich to
Polecam. idzie w tej gierce
trop bien meilleur jeu du monde on est addict
seit dem ich dieses spiel gespielt habe hege ich hass auf meine weil sie meine wertvollen glas utensilien
Fun game, 8/10
Hilarious! The first round me and my friend played was hilarious! I pushed him with the C.A.R.T, and he fell over and looked like and starting to "cry" like a baby. I couldn't stop laughing!
Lethal company if it was based
AMAZING
really a great game but please remove this shitty duck it is so fucking annoyng this bitch
i love this game BETTER THAN LETHAL COMPANY
oyun hem korkutucu hem gerici hem tek tek ekiple iyi akar bu oyunu olmayan varsa
Silly as hell
10/10
is it the money or the enemies we made along the way - some bloke (great game my friends are more lethal than the monsters)
So fun and goofy
Really bad there is like nothing to do The only thing you do is like scream into the microphone which is like raelly boring and sttuff like you just go and buillet mugs which break the scoodnen you smash the inte somehting Really boring game no excitement and nothing isn appenin g I nuntuiksjtalled adgfet likr 3 hours pkayed dopnt byt really bad game
whole and fully reaccomend agaisntbeying buying,
PUBLIC. LOBBY. PLEASE.
tooop
Love the game! it's pretty fun to play with others, can feel a bit repetitive as a solo game, but it is still fun fro the first hour.
One recommendation is that the love potion should make you say words of affirmation to yourself when you pick up the love potion. I think that there should be other potions and a variety of smaller items.
the game is really fun its a good game to play with friends
#Put the plate in the cart bro
eta guapisimo
this is not stealing, it is simply repossesion.
ok
si
It's very fun to play with a friend or a group of people, plenty of monsters to make you shit yourself the moment you walk into the house. However there are issues in my friend joining/hosting multiplayer games for some reason. She said it's immediately kicking her out every time she tries, but single player works for some odd reason.
Es muy buen juego esta muy bien creado y sin bugs, literalmente me encanta no hay otra palabra, espero que hos guste a todos los que lo jugueis. MUCHAS GRACIAS CREADORES!.
amazing
This game has definitely a goofy journey. As someone who is normally scared by most anything horror or jump-scare related, the fact I keep coming back to this game says a lot.
Its super fun, and the robots are adorable!
este juego para jugarlo bien debe ser con amigos, es otra experiencia jugarlo solo es aburrido la verdad, que compralo si tienes amigos con quien jugarlos si no vas a gastar tu dinero por en vano, jugarlo solo no vale la pena
Good game but. add a cool down for invisible man (stuck in a map with more than 1 of these guys is more of a "how long will it take me to close the game and reset the level" rather than any actual challenge). Please fix the weapons/ make them more consistent, jank weapon design is fun for a bit but the inaccuracy and unreliability paired with the cost to recharge makes them borderline useless and a waste of money that can be spent on upgrades that actually matter. the pan is too similarly priced to good items. the trudge can attacks through walls and get stuck on certain staircases. invisible man can also sometimes grab through walls. the spewer's hit box and weird flying makes it hard to actually hit it ever while aggressive. I could play the game with my sanity intact even if all of those things never changed but we got a manual extraction button instead of whenever enough money is on the platform.
I got to level 13 solo, but I died because I ran away from a trudge that spawned on top of me paired with those little human things that yell and ragdoll you across the room (the one with an actual face not the other human thing that literally does the same thing but for items, please for the love of god make them look different or combine them). these gremlin enemies don't stop respawning and always attack in huge armies or one at a time so you can never get anything done. After level 5 this game becomes waste your time simulator while you have to cross your fingers that you get a level that doesn't completely drain your sanity. Between juggling the hordes of enemies, unreliable weapons, and item placement that will 100% make you choose between trying running a marathon or to fit multiple high value items in the same extraction where anything short of a crane operator will result in a 20k item breaking. In my opinion, adding challenge or difficulty doesn't mean making every other room including extractions two tiny platforms with a literal plank to walk on connecting them. It just gets annoying and means more trips to get items. Forget using the pits to get kills to get more cash after the enemies broke all of your items, the pit will just spit the orbs somewhere you cant grab or will make it roll and break 9 times out of 10.
lethal company is better
very good game, like lethal company :D
repo
So cooolll I LOVE
THE BEST GAME OF 2025
killed by a bald floating head,
respawned
wanted to shoot the bald head with a shotgun
shotgun has no ammo
died
10/10 would do it again
100 10
Strasznie chujowa gra
5
"JBL
360 360
^nice
giga giera
best game so fun and funny
this game fun
Also.Ich habe das Spiel mit einer Kameradin gespielt und ich muss sagen,ich hatte noch nie zuvor solche bipolare Schizophrenie wie in diesem Spiel.Ich habe mehrmals Stimmen und dieses Mal nicht die in meinem Kopf.Bewegt habe ich mich so 5 min von den knapp 2 Stunden die ich in dem Spiel verbracht habe.Es war um es zusammen zu fassen sehr erlebnisreich und ich wurde oft von meiner Kameradin in dunkle Ecken gelockt und dort liebevoll Angefasst. Trotz all dem bin ich jetzt Paranoid und werde niemals mehr nur 1 min in einem dunklen Raum verbringen.
Ich empfehle es sehr dieses Spiel zu spielen!
Lingan guli guli guli
ijp
goated
this fucking peaks
:3
i got raped by a big ahh head
sensational, a truly exquisite venture into horror and comedy in gaming. I am blown away (Poopy Pants Deluxe)
it makes my autism happy
PILIN
123
very cool and funny guys!
ong best game i coulda got for the F (free)
repo? you should repo my
jogao
^_^
Arkadaslarla oynana bilinen guzel oyunlardan birisi baya eglenceli ljeq;jldglsjh
really nice and fun game to play with friends
if lethal company was a clip generator this is a clip warehouse
I love it
The one good Lethal Company-like
tbh really good game and im prolly gonna play for long periods of time when i can
Super fun game, I was worried it wouldn't be steam deck compatible but we made it work pretty easily. My boyfriend played mouse and keyboard while I played on my deck in another room. 10/10 recommend
great game good laugh
Its a very fun coop game that is very strategic and somewhat scary
super fun
add sex
If youre a fan of Lethal Company and Among Us style games youll love REPO! Fun times to be had with friends! Watch out for HEAD MAN! :O
not fun like you see in the videos
fajen polecam
gooning to the eye
funny scary
Si
oyun arkadaslarla girip kum saatini bulup 30 dk diye real
Mibero
Geile Makrele dieses Spiel aber die Gnome sind bisschen zu stark und machen zu schnell kaputt sonst geil eigentlich man kann zu zweit oder zu viert spielen und es bockt trotzdem einfach.
78ribukiubuifbyufbubyifubifyub tkutbfkutk buktb utyk buktv butk vuk tv good game c:
TISSEMAND
10 10
no robot sex
yet.
good game says good bear mocha name properly
tek kelime ile harika
got the game, died over 9 times, got a headache from laughing, got to stage 4 in 5 hours of playtime.
Amazing game, I recommend
Many poos
this game would be more fun if you could play with anyone like a random person or people to make new friends
muy entretenido, escopetas cabron
game crashed every time we start a lobby no matter who hosts.
refunded.
This is the best game with friends
1
[
SOO GOOOD
FUNNNN I LOVE IT
TISSEMAND
Very fun game with others, some people can't use brain but it is what is
Bastante entretenido
TISSEMAND
TISSEMAND
mejor que lethal company
the emoji is a lie oh my god this is so good
tissemand
my first expirience made me bust so many nuts
Epic
10/10
THIS GAME SUCKS SO BAD DONT BUY ITS A WASTE OF MONEY THEW MONSTERS IN THIS GAME WILL MAKE U LOSE UR MIND ITS BASICLY IMPOSSIBLE TO KEPP GOING
wooooooooooooooooooooooow
mt bom com amigo
Dieses Spiel ist ein einziger Krampf aber trotzdem witzig XD
uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh very funny and cool but please add a mode where you just fight each other
Wow I have only played for a few hours and I'm already hooked
sensacional este jogo apresenta um modo de terror e comedia muito fluida e natural
funniest game ever, especially because the game is STILL in early access and is this good. I can't wait for the release of the actual game, it will be 100% better than early access. 100% RECCOMEND
This is truly a game I will never get tired of.
Love it
funny
kakao
5"
Don't even think just buy this game 100% no regret.
good game
Finally. Lethal company but good
Primeiro jogo que eu e meus amigos conseguimos deitar na porrada um idoso cego. 10\10
are you sure
It's so fun with friends and the fact that the monsters hear you speaking, (if you have voice chat) is the best thing ever. It's a mix between horror, suspense, and comedy. This game is comedic while also incorporating horror. The fact that you have objectives, more monsters, and more objects to get as a team makes this game so enjoyable.
I normally don't pay for games worth 10 dollars, but this one was worth every penny. Playing with my friends, the funny voices, the typing, the monsters, EVERYTHING. This game was made beautifully in my opinion. PLAY IT!
its good ghayme but olkku heittaa
nice
Extremely fun to play with friends! The developers make this game even better with how they actually listen to their players and make entertaining update videos for the game. Can't wait to see what more they will update the game with!
+
Me Scream = Friends dying
10/10 would keep on screaming
iii
Habe mir stark in die hose geschissen beim spielen
Yes.
scary crietures :o
super fun game "3'
zajebista gra ale dodali lepsze latarki jak w sklepie to latarke za np 15k albo 10k
panggil aku RAJA songborrrrrrrrrrddd
What a great game to play with friends. really do enjoy playing this and has a bunch of laughs
the repo man
dio stroeinnzino
possa bym
estava meio em duvida sobre pegar. se tiver a msm duvida eu so digo q vale a pena, bom dms
funny
I gave marshall a swirly
yes good game fun
ultra skibidi game
geiles ding
10 360 10
GO
funny
good game
iyi oyun ama Ozyarda
god
gysatt
Fun game for friends. No downsides :D
REPO es un juego que combina con una oscura y un gameplay desafiante. Desde el primer momento, te sumerge en un mundo lleno de peligro donde cada cuenta.
✅ Lo mejor:
de juego fluidas y bien
oscura y envolvente.
constantes que te mantienen enganchado.
Banda sonora que complementa perfectamente la
❌ Lo que mejorar:
Curva de dificultad pronunciada para nuevos jugadores.
Algunos elementos pulirse en futuras actualizaciones.
Si te gustan los juegos que ponen a prueba tus reflejos y estrategia, REPO es una excelente recomendado!
Super fun, good quality of content, not repetitive, nice sounds.
super!
es bien gracioso pero ahi q tener amigo :/ para disfrutarlo al maximo lo que si le daria un final para provocar un objetivo y asi hacerlo mas constante
Godt
puedo hacer explotar a mis amigos sin repercusiones, no como en la vida real, goty
best game this year
oyun bu fiyata kesinlikle
Must have for horror fans
Really funny esspecially with friends
awesome with friends
goated game but need some updates)
game fun, cart duty
funny
For $10 USD? 10000% worth every penny even at this stage of development. I haven't had this much fun in so long with friends and you don't even need to mod the game much if at all to have fun. Get it. You won't regret it!
Don't listen to them, they tell lies about the soup.
I really love this game, but it's unplayable at this point because of the client timeout bug. I can't even get started into the round without it kicking me out of the lobby. I've updated my drivers, reinstalled the game, etc etc. Nothing works. It's a shame.
i love when my friends destroy the 7k dolar vase
to guapo
yes
Very fun with lots of potential in the future
100 10
Es sumamente entretenido, jugarlo entre amigos e incluso de forma individual genera entretenimiento hacia los usuarios que lo juegan.
Tiene buenas los "enemigos" van variando y a veces se repiten en los distintos niveles, puedes eliminarlos golpeando los con diversos objetos que son parte del juego. 100% recomendado.
it funny
THIS GAME IS TOO SCAWY!
PLEASE SEND HELP
CALL 919
sigma gra
I am so lonely.
All the other robots are scared of me.
No one talks to me. No one wants to be my friend.
They think I am unstable.
They send me from building to building committing pillages in their name.
And as I get better at it, they fear me more and more.
I am a victim of my own success.
REPO.
I don't even get a real name, only a purpose. I am capable of so much more and no one sees it.
Some days I feel so alone I could cry, but I don't. I never do. Because robot's can't cry.
And even if I could, not a single person in the entire universe would care.
Take it to your grave.
demasiado bueno para jugar con amigos y prostitutas
funny as shit me and my boy were playing and was so much fun never would play lethal company ever becuase of this game
Si vous souhaitez vous faire poursuivre par une de nains ce jeu est fait pour vous
Veri goodu
jouer avec ses amis
4
niger
1 day of singing
the perfect game with friends
Very fun multiplayer game, would be even funner with more maps and enemies.
Muito bom o jogo, recomendo pra jogar com os cabras
x
w game very fun with friends
good
JOGO TOP PRA JOGA COM OS AMIGOS RECOMENDO 100%
Deu
haha funny fun
good game
Lots of cool and interactive features in the game. really the best of this kind of game to have come out yet. Haven't gotten tired of it quickly like the other games like this
R.E.P.O. is a fun and enjoyable game with a simple concept: find items in each level to earn money, buy upgrades, and progress further. The map changes each time which works well and keeps things interesting. Figuring out how each enemy works is part of the fun, though some feel almost impossible to deal with early on. The tutorial does a good job of getting you started and explaining the basics.
The game is definitely meant to be played with others. Playing solo is extremely difficult and not very enjoyable. way more fun with friends, and the more people you have, the better your chances of making it through.
Overall, I recommend the game and am looking forward to future updates! The only real downside is the solo experience!
nigger
most enjoyable with frens
It seems familiar, but everything seems to be completely different.
hehe
not hehe
Le falta poder crear salas
very fun
oyun
NOBODY LISTENS IN THIS GAME
I love blowing my friends up in the shop and then giving them a swirly! Such a fun game with a lot of funny outcomes and a bunch of curiosity on how the monsters work, I look forward to see the progression of this game!
i hope to get my friends interested in this game,
I FUCKING LOVE R.E.P.O.!
da
i killed my wife and used her soul orb to finish quota
this is a funny haha game for cool gamers. love every moment of this game. its so much better with friend. do yourself a favor and play it drunk also
muito bom, porem falta balanceamento nos monstros
wunderbar. Lethal company und Content warning sind garkeine Konkurrent dagegen
Kann man machen.
ewfFGWGQAWGASERHYAJZFZBGZ
buuu
This is supposedly scary when playing alone, but such a thrill playing with friends. The sheer sounds of terror in their voices makes everything hilarious and moments of WTF is gold. 100% recommend.
very good very nice.
Just a amazing scary/comedy game.
nuce
muy bueno sigan asi
So FUN!
Its super easy to get the hang of. And amazing to play with friends
Big maps that you can explore and discover secrets
recomendado
Was skeptical at first, but excellent for great laughs. 9/10
fire
simplemente joyita
Mucho sexo
love it very fun
good game
360
12 10.
chefs kiss
LINGA GULI GU
chat
Una carta de amor al gaming y bien hecho para que los mods jalen sin p2
milky milk milky milk milky milky milk
un cague de risa
Don't let the game logo fool you! This is a sparkly gem of a party game. I am looking forward to how this game will evolve on its journey out of early access! From spooks to laughs, this is a game I recommend to anyone.
real
A list of what happens in this game
Get into lobby with friends
Spend 10 minutes using the text to speech for the memes
Get into game
Start getting items hiding around
Drop a vase that was 4k worth
See a monster that has a gun
Move a slight bit
He turns around
1 taps me with the gun
Friend has no clue I died to him
Friend sees the same dude
He runs towards him
BANG
Friend is also dead
Battle Royale at the end to decide "King of the Losers
Absolute Cinema
fun
mit vielen kollegen und soundboard
This game incredible, I've been playing it with my friend for a while now and It's really fun! If you want to laugh with your friends while being chase by a big floating head, this game is for you! (You need friends tho)
Hella fun and addictive game! Cannot wait for the updates to start rolling in!
c OK
it's scary but super funny!
Game of the Year PLAY WITH PEOPLE
gogo gaga
BLA BLA BLA
BLE BLE BLE
BLU BLU BLU
HEM BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU
LU LU LU
LINGANGULI GULI GULI WATA
LINGANGU LINGANGU
gdyby nie ta gra to nie jak bardzo nienawidze swoich znajomych
ts game so friggin fire yo
o jogo e divertido da bastante risada mais so compre se tiver bastante amigos pois jogar sozinho e meio chato recomendo muito pra quem tiver bastante amigos
GREAT.
VENOM
super gra do darcia pizdy
w 24/7
<0
geilomatico
rlly good game!
555+
4y e46dsg, cbt
Hands down better than lethal company.
)
repoimies on pasilan parashahmo
very good, very funny, you need friends, or else you can't have fun
I lost my virginity without my consent in this game.
If you are reading this and thinking about getting this game, [b]DO IT.[/b] Ive played this once for 8 hours straight and can say with 100% certainty this game is worth the $12. The devs also seem like great people and really seem to care about the game and community
Very fun and silly. Fuck rugrats they can kill themselves
me love repo
w ten fantastyczny horror mi ojciec jak mnie :kekw:
yes
Game is good, but the Emojii is awful
Es un muy buen juego tanto para jugarlo solo, como para jugarlo
Simplemente un juego desarrollado y cuidado por sus creadores.
Espero que sigan y no se olviden de
10 10
IT WAS FUNNY
ayuda no tengo amigos agreguenme para jugar
Es uno de los mejores juegos que 10/10 lo recomiendo mucho para con ;)
pre kokotov
game
yes
10/10 Its a really fun game to play with friends. Absolutely love it
Kill friend, friend no talk, me happy, good game
Es muy divertido entre amigos
sbd
linga guli guli guli waza lingagu lingagu
Es un juego bastante divertido, en especial cuando lo juegas con personas a las que conoces, altamente recomendado a de otros juegos similares.
Pd: La desarolladora no me dio el juego, ni ninguna otra recompensa. (Prueba de esto; Chingas a tu reputisima madre pinche jose)
los amongus que roban
W game lowk
Es maravilloso y gracioso con tus amigos y mejor que el gta 6
Eu quase morri de rir muitas vezes
the soldier fell down the stairs wtf
guys its so funny buy it i beg you
At first I didn't want to try this game, I'm not the biggest fan of games like this, but oh boy, they did this game beautifully. The monsters are there, without being in your face the whole time, leaving plenty of time for silly shenanigans while also being aware of a looming presence in a nearby room. I love that the monsters come out occasionally while you're learning the map layout, and once you finish a level and have to return to your truck, they're on full patrol. This provided a great horror experience, while being easy to learn for players like me. Highly, highly recommend.
Lethal Company. :)
funner then LETHAL COMPANY in my opinion.
i would recommend this game to everyone however. i would also not recommend it even tho theres no jumpscares the real monsters are your friends but still a good game
Best with friends who you are willing to lose or have great connections with as there will be many shenanigans!
Otherwise great fun! Hope the devs keep updating unlike lethal company!
perfect game for schizophrenic people
ist cool
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
fire 10/10 games better version of lethal
Buena jugabilidad, variedad de mapas, variedad de mobs muy creativos e innovadores. Es muy muy buen juego para jugar con amigos.
Nothing is scary when you`re with your friends
super funny
adfaf
this is awesome game!
ij
Muy recomendado, muchas risas aseguradas y muy buena jugabilidad
very fun better with friends tho thats hard for some tho :)
game is cool and scary
kesinlikle tavsiyemdir.
10 10
i got jumpscared when i picked up a duck an shit my pants
10/10 would recommand
Amazing just a fun game
yes
GOD kbron
Gameplay: 9
Visuals: 9
Sound: 10
Story: Non-existent
Experience: 9
Verdict: Very good co-op game
A la fois marrant et effrayant
12/10
se me jijean los jijolones
Un jeu de coop excellent
Talen Bentley 267 Manka Circle Larkfield Wikiup California 95403 Upstairs First Door You See Rape Him
i thought it would be a shitty game due to the thumbnail but then i bought it for shits and giggles and its genuinely a fun game, too bad my friends are all console players
crocodilo
10 10
Ich hab nem schwatzen kollegen in meiner ersten runde einen verpasst mit einer 300$ teuren tasse, und ihn damit in ein monster geschubst das ihn ERMEUCHELT hat. 10/10 Hab auch einen femboy in eine kiste eingesperrt. 11/10 PS.: Ich bin wurde mehrmals sexual von dem unsichtbaren man (aka peter perversling) noch ein PS.: es hat mir gefallen.
One of the funniest and best games I have ever played
es godddd con amigos
ghamen amd any,mn kljklae jonh leonon
GIT
Honestly great game all around. The game play loop is simple yet so addicting!
It is a little buggy. Items get stuck on the floor for no clear reason and sometimes monsters can't be hit. 9/10!
48
Fun game, wish I could play more but I had to stop playing after a while due to motion sickness.
On both separate sessions I have played the game it has caused nausea. I have never had any issues with other fps games like this such as minecraft, apex etc. I have turned down all the camera shake etc settings as well but I still feel it.
My suggestion would be a FOV slider would fix this issue instantly.
Step 1.) Get friends
Step 2.) Start game with friends
Step 3.) Slam cart into friends until they sacrifice you to a giant clown frog with a laser on his head
Step 4.) Do the same to them
Step 5.) Repeat
YYYAAAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
add a no monster mode pls
i love murdering my friends
ghood
Son zamanlarda en hem korku hemde gibi oyun updateler ile oyunlardan oyun oyunculu gerek bir oyun fakat ben solo bir yine ve tek korkutucu bir oyun var ama telafisi olamayacak gereken bir oyun
i am repo man
R E P O an absolute waste of time.
This game is pure trash, much like those awful Little Company and Content Warning games. just an incredibly boring mess with no redeeming qualities. If you're looking for something fun or engaging, look elsewhere.
The mechanics are clunky, the visuals are dull, and the gameplay is an absolute snooze fest. It's like they tried to make something but ended up with a total disaster instead. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone who values their time.
Stay away unless you want to waste hours of your life on mind-numbing garbage. The game doesn't even try to be fun.
Complete disappointment.
Siempre vuelvo a este juego no importa si mori en el nivel 9 siempre vuelvo (nerfeen al ciego)
Jota diala fein mango
Ta gueno
While original enough to consider it a successor to Lethal Company on the same tier as Content Warning,
it still feels pretty stale super quickly in such a niche specific genre such as Lethal Company,
I enjoy the improvements it does over the other games in this genre and enjoy what it adds to be unique in standing alone among the others,
But you can only remake the same, go in and grab loot for money and upgrades cycle so much before it gets boring on all games in the Lethal Company clone genre,
All games can be fun with friends and i enjoyed my time i spent with my friends in this game,
But compared to the other games mentioned, I have never installed mods as quick as this to squeeze more enjoyment out of a game before,
Dying while not as punishing still feels miserable a lot of the time because there's simply no interacting with the game for what could possibly be anywhere from 1-10 minutes considering the situation,
It feels like the more people you have, the more annoying it is to spread the money to get cool items and upgrades,
But the games more fun with more people.
I could go on but i've written enough lol.
10/10
varsa
Found 8 vases, broke 8 of them, 10/10 recommend
I thought this was just going to be another flavor of the week lethal company clone but its actually a very enjoyable physics and audio mechanic heavy roguelike. I enjoy the chaos of being able to drag objects and enemies around for the true wire stripping crackhead experience. I will say my one big critism of the game is its far to costly to regain health once its lost, and if your playing with friends, you will loose health via some bullshittery.
buen juego para que te maten por culpa de que tu perro ladre y te lo tome el chat de vos
meow meow meow meow meowwwwww
watched my friend get exploded by a blind man with a shotgun then proceeded to get attacked by a seemingly friendly duck(it was not friendly) 10/10 would recommend
Android won the battle against Apple. *Insert funny notification sound here*
peak game
nice
sa ma cac pe el joc ca i prea greu
10/10,
ESTE JUEGO ES UNA PORONGA MUERTA, NO ENTIENDO COMO LOS STREAMER HICIERON FAMOSA A ESTA BASURA DE MIERDA LA CONCHA DE SUS MADRES
best. game. ever
It's good
oyun coop market te az var bi sonra market tekrara 10/7
APTALARLA OYNAMAYIN
:0
I LOVE playing as a little trashcan man taking trinkets and heirlooms from monsters
skibidi
One of the only game where you look behide you for not even a second and then just die
Very fun! Just watch out for your teammates trying to break your items
dude the game looks great but i want public lobbies i want the play the game with people but i dont have many steam friends so you should make a public lobby system
- - DLC
very niger
This game is really really fun and very obviously is a labor of love by the developers but I ignored it at first purely because the banner art and key art makes it look like a cheap cynical cash grab. My humble suggestion would be to use the appearance of the playable robot characters as the key art/mascot instead of the "evil emoji" thing. Otherwise I'm having a fantastic time laughing my head off (sometimes literally!) with my friends. Keep up the great work, looking forward to see whats in store in future updates!
bebababeepbababa
banger spel
its fire bro
buen juego
great
fun
Das Game it mega Funny auch die Tatsache, dass man seine Freunde mobben kann in dem man sie hochhebt und durch die Gegend sie in einer Kiste einsperrt oder einfach durch einen Hechtsprung umnietet damit sie eventuell von Monstern gefressen werden, ist eine super lustige Mechanik. Ich hab es auch sehr als mich dieser Blinde Opi in meiner Badewanne erst getroffen und dann immer verfehlt hat. Dies war wirklich eine Erfahrung. Genauso wie die Tatsache, dass man im Shop aus der Decke die ganze Zeit die Worte "GRANATEEEE" rufen kann und nach spawnende Granaten runter werfen kann :3
Dieses Spiel ist durch einen durch Mobbing in eine Kiste gesperrtem Femboy durchaus empfohlen und daher unbedingt der Bibliothek
ihr wissen!
Femboy der durch mobbing zur Mimik wurde :3
(mir geht es btw gut keine Sorge)
loaded into a game with one of my friends, got out of the first door, bro got obliterated by blindman and i was holding back laughter when he was far as i thought i started laughing, he heard that and obliterated me too. absolute cinema
Muito bom. Quanto mais pessoas online, mais divertido fica. Precisa de um modo para jogar com em vez de ter que por fora
viele Maps
viele Monster
gruselige Momente
jumpscares von anderen Spielern bekommen
depressiv werden (nicht ich)
Lethal Company (4.5/5)
✅ Fun co-op horror, great atmosphere, hilarious teamwork
❌ Limited content, can get repetitive
R.E.P.O. (4/5)
✅ Unique concept, creepy atmosphere, fun co-op gameplay
✅ Strategic and tense, making every mission exciting
❌ Some mechanics need polish, but updates can improve it
got given backshots by an invisible guy, he carried me back to the ship so i used a grenade to get him back either tho it was pretty nice of him. i also got lasered by a big jumping smily face guy who apparently is easy to dodge but yeah i recomend
A very funny little game, great fun with a group. The fight to be king of the losers when you die is good fun
Friend bought this for me. It's really fun with friends, but kind of 'eh' when by yourself. The monsters camping exists can get annoying, but overall the game is really fun and enjoyable.
Varsa Garantili.
Pizdato
Very fun lots of laughs recommend highly
saucisse
Monster chase me.
I scream
I die
Friend laugh
Friend see monster
Monster chase friend
Friend scream
Friend die
10/10
great game only wish they added being able to join random games would save time
dfds
mal demir
its so friggin tuff yo
/
Este juego es uno de los mejores sus personajes y todo, lo mejor
it needs multiplayer where u can join other people and not just play with friends
Amazing
-{ Graphics }-
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
-{ Gameplay }-
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
-{ Audio }-
☐ Eargasm
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
-{ Audience }-
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma
-{ PC Requirements }-
☐ Check if you can run paint
☑ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
-{ Game Size }-
☐ Floppy Disk
☑ Old Fashioned
☐ Workable
☐ Big
☐ Will eat 15% of your 1TB hard drive
☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it
☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data
-{ Difficulty }-
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
-{ Grind }-
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☑ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
-{ Story }-
☐ No Story
☑ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
-{ Game Time }-
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ To infinity and beyond
-{ Price }-
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
-{ Bugs }-
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
-{ ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☑ 9
☐ 10
-{ Author }-
☑
yes
supposed "horror game" (grenades, pistols, shotguns, tranq guns, mines, hulk strength, super speed, fighting arena.)
baya iyi
Very sigma boy like
singleplayerda oynarken zaman bile yiyorsunuz
GOOD GAME AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
genial avec des potes
niggers dont dmg other niggers
w
yes
-
One of the funniest and best Games on Steam rn, grab about 3-6 Friends and you'll have the Time of your Life
FUN AS HELL AND HIALARIOUS
So Much fun with my Friends! L.O.L!
haha android guy can talk and kill himself! when's sex update?
WHO DID THIS MESS?
100
works
10
I can finally fulfill my dream of moving furniture in a haunted building!
scary
Es un buen juego de este
Entramos a un laboratorio abandonado, coge el pedazo de genio del amigo de mi hermano y se tira de cabeza contra la puerta. Por supuesto, al hacer tremendo movimiento, no ve que no hay suelo, por lo cual se cae al maldito vacio y se muere ahogado. Seguidamente, coge mi hermano, me empuja con el carrito de la compra y me tira al vacio tambien, solo para que 5 minutos despues de buscar las cabezas, se caiga al vacio porque se resbala. Para terminar, nos pegamos como monos hambrientos por una corona del Fortnite. Los 10 euros mejor invertidos.
bla bla bla bllu bu nlul
oyun komedi seviyesi
only bad thing i have to say is that there is no checkpoints. so when you get cornered in a long ass corridor by 3 monsters you're dead dead.
play it
Lethal could NEVER! 5/5
This game is the best horror game i've ever played. It is the most funny game ive ever played. You guys shoudl add a built in soundboard to make the game more funny.
10 10
Entro a una casa hay tres ranas con machetes, trato de agarrar a una para acabar con su vida, me saltan las tres a la cabeza y me desintegran y hago un battle royale contra mis amigos. CINE
funneh
The Emoji Mascot lured me in with its intriguing and unique presence. Glad I bought the game, can't believe there are people who would complain about this games cover art, the Emoji Mascot is integral to the lore and world of REPO, and I for one demand it stays. #KeepTheEmojiMascot
the best game for incentivizing a polycule into becoming your workforce
orospu dede
prb the best game out there if you have friends
i got flushed into a toilet 10/10
yes
hjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj
oui
yay fun
very sigma!
bi yandere abi var sesler beni korktum
mega geiles game
I like feet
very fun
Perfect and very fun.
huina ebanaya
REPO
JBL Sounpad REPO REPO
erdogan
de3
fuuuuun game with friends xD
Wish it had a controller option but still good
juegazo goty
Le jeu est trop bien!
10/10 tremenda obra maestra y god
great with friends!
10/10 es demaciado divertido ya sea con amigos o solo, tiene muy buen contenido y jugabilidad.
i killed a baby
Really fun and funny playing with friends. 10/10 would recommend
Simple, intense and immense funny as well as fun. Fantastic multiplayer game.
-
ydcjfcjdjhckhgfghsjbn
este juego me encanta
Funny robots
petarda, ale ogien
funny game
good game but the problem it's you need steam friends for play R.E.P.O multiplayer
This game is basically content warning graphics with the same objective as lethal company. BUT IT IS AWESOME. I love this game from the monsters, to the physics and to the items. Multiplayer is great, A LOT better than single player, and I love how this game has a text to speech, so if you don't have a mic, you can type words and your character will say that. You can also customize your color, which is very nice too. The only thing that sucks about this game is the "over-poweredness" of the monsters, and the stamina system. The monsters can be easily avoided by ducking under things and not making noises, but it also works well if you just crouch. Thats the only thing that makes this fair though, because lots of the monsters just one shot you and make you lose a good run because your friends don't know how to clutch up and save a run. Then theres the stamina system, which is so painful to live with. You should defenetly have more of it and be faster, but that kinda disrupts the meaning of upgrades. But atleast make it regenerate faster, because I'm always trying to run away from something, and my stamina runs out and I die. Overall, this game is very good, and I will continue playing, especially when updates come out.
Goty de este
Spin the Baby
game hard
imba
its the best coop game around rn, amazing gameplay loop, buy this bros
super good time with friends, it amazes me these games that seem to have less than $100 for funding blow these triple A studios out of the water on a regular basis. Buy the game, Play the game with friends, you won't regret it.
LOVELY AND FUNNY GAME!
funny game where you go "AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" and "HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA"
La rana con le scarpe
Very unserious LOL
Muito bom, recomendo
I love this game <3
fun
12 10!
Muy divertido, es una pasada el estilo Tener amigos para jugarlo es casi un requisito. Una muy buena compra en especial si en descuento.
Fun game with to play with friends
Mate de risa
linganguliguliguanga
Fun
super funny and fun to play with friends
PEAK
ts fye
pau no Lethal Company. Muito mais e divertido. Muito bom pra jogar com os amigos, mas o modo single player acho que deveria dar uma melhorada. Muitos monstros hit kill, e se morrer acabou, volta da primeira fase. Deveria ter um modo de salvamento ou pelo menos ter contagem de vidas. Poder comprar vidas extras na loja, etc.
Recomendo muito.
Game is super fun especially if played with friends and family, It is a game where you can come back again and again if you and your friends can't find any other party games. Better than Lethal to be honest since you can fight back against all enemies!
Esta muy chulo pero recomiendo que probeis amor peludo
si
in my opinion, the better lethal company. the addition of a cart that you can bring items with is really neat and well executed. items also being fragile can be annoying but adds more to the overall experience imo. however, i am missing some stuff for when you are dead, theres not much you can do except merely wait. i liked in lethal company where you could call others to get back to the ship, so maybe calling others to deposit in the checkpoint could work? 8.5/10
this game is very (lethal), it feels like being a 13 year old chinese child working for a multi billionaire (company) by stealing things from elderly people and single mothers of five. 10/10 would die again
180
60%
Gioco molto bello, sopratutto in coop, in singleplayer dovrebbero mettere che i mostri ti uccidono stiano fermi se la partita in pausa in quanto continuano a muoversi ed ad attaccare
0/5
so fun
e
This game is so much fun! Worth every dollar, if you have friends to play with.
It has a different vibe to it than L.C. The added physics make the game feel more alive, and the world doesn't feel as sterile, as the color palette is more vibrant compared to L.C. I would also say its more challenging as you don't just have to bring items back to your spawn point, but as the missions go on you have to discover different points to bring items to, all points must be completed to pass the mission before you can leave.
Both LC and REPO as similar in concept, but executed in their own unique ways that make them a lot of fun. Honestly, the enemies in LC are more challenging when it comes to surviving and winning the later missions. REPO makes up for this by throwing more enemies and obstacles in your path, sometimes dealing with a few enemies, and those enemies destroying items you've collected.
good
very good game
fun
very fun
better than lethal company
juego culiao weno weno weno
:D
yes
Very fun when you play with friends
Very fun game, very bad emoji.
issagood
Soundpad,
Gioco di merda
very fun
Super good
bla bla bla ble ble ble blu blu blu HAP! blublublublublublublublublublublu lup lup lup linga guli guli guli watca lingang gu lingang gu linga guli guli guli watca lingang gu lingang gu linga guli guli guli watca lingang gu lingang gu linga guli guli guli watca lingang gu lingang gu
very fun to play w friends, it has co-op. doesn't get boring bc its always different every time
Best game nach idk, based
play with friends
the game is fun if you play with your friends
top.
fun
Better than Lethal Company? Absolute Chaos and Laughs Must-Play!
R.E.P.O. is one of the funniest co-op games played. You and your friends break into creepy places to steal random shit, but the real challenge just the monsters. the janky physics and trying to carry heavy items without everything going horribly wrong. Expect to get stuck in doorways, drop valuable loot at the worst time, and scream as your "friend" accidentally flings a priceless vase across the room.
Its not very scary, but it has it moments where you are scared to lose your run once you've finally made it to the 7th house, and you have one friend left trying to save you all.
If you love co-op games where failing is just as fun as winning, grab this. Whether you're here for the challenge or just to mess around with friends, R.E.P.O. is nonstop fun.
10/10, would get shot in the face again.
This game is great. Definitely could use a new cover photo, one that suits the game rather than the ugly smiley IMO.
fire game only needs pub lobbys
Its fun, i only bought the game for the mic featre and the game doesnt see my mic -_-. fix the game, im not able to put my microphone. on steam it shows and i tested the mic and works but in the game it doesnt work
not gonna lie this game is worth the price its so good for a horror, retrive game
sigma game very good with freinds
fun w friends
The game is fun at first, but it feels like it's getting more unfair with each level you complete. The amount of monsters you get later and what type of enemy they are don't really fit together, and then you end up with having to run from something to survive, but risk getting killed by the blind enemy that will shoot at every loud noise. Or a thing that stomps around a lot in super enclosed spaces, which makes it easy to lose a lot of valuables until you don't have enough to complete the level. It's kind of bitter when you get so far only to die to something stupid like that. There are also some bugs that glitch the enemies into one spot, making it hard to walk past. Otherwise, I did have some fun with it since the characters look cute and I like that it's physics based. But yeah, definitely a little overhyped tbh.
Ganz Nett das Game, und Ducky is cute 8/10 :3
A fun game to play with your friends and is in essence the spiritual successor to Lethal Company. It provides both an engaing experience for the casual gamer and those who wish to take a more serious approach to this game
-{ Graphics }-
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☐ Good
☑ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
-{ Gameplay }-
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
-{ Audio }-
☐ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
-{ Audience }-
☑ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☑ Grandma
-{ PC Requirements }-
☑ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
-{ Game Size }-
☑ Floppy Disk
☐ Old Fashioned
☐ Workable
☐ Big
☐ Will eat 15% of your 1TB hard drive
☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it
☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data
-{ Difficulty }-
☐ Just press 'W'
☑ Easy
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
-{ Grind }-
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☑ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
-{ Story }-
☐ No Story
☑ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
-{ Game Time }-
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☑ Average
☐ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond
-{ Price }-
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
-{ Bugs }-
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
-{ ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☐ 9
☑ 10
i shidded myself.
10 10
10/10 potwory giat
11/10
repo is simply a game of how much you hate your friends, wanna throw them into old grandpas sweaty balls sure, want to throw there dead head into a gang of angry gnomes sure, want to blow and kill them all in the shop sure
this is lethal company except the true monster is you robbing peoples houses and killing all your friends
JBL
fun fun fun
i hate da baby
very funny
Streamer Slop :)
Monsters that can kill you right from the get go, so you spend a good amount of time just watching ur friends roam the same looking paths. Then when you come back you have 1 hp and must spend a good amount of money for some health back.
Another wander same looking environments, pick up an item and get it to the cash out spot.
Also no Randos, you gotta have friends that wanna play this with you.
Good for a few sessions and then move onto something else, lethal company did it better imo.
Hammaga maslahat beraman o'ynab ko'rishga, ketgazilgan pulga achinmasa bo'ladi faqat bitta kamchiligi o'yin ko'p vaqt o'yinchini ushlab qolomid o'zida balkim hali beta versiya bo'lgani uchunmi bilmadim
ITS SO FUN WITH FRIENDS
15 10
10 10
the machinery is so quirky at night
4fun
please nerf my teammates they keep killing me
best game of the year
beep boop le skibidi
This game made some people grab me without my consent.
10/10
luh bit funny
1
gotta carry nearly every round and the monsters are fucking OP. If u mess up a few times and lose too much value ur fucked and u can do self distruct (suicide). By the way you are guaranteed to get ambushed by gnomes and other. Oh and the huntsman is so quiet that he'll be right behind u and u wont even know. Stuff will get really expensive quickly with my sprint speed being 35k at min.
It is a very good game best with friends but i have problems with connections when playing with my friedns
otimo com amigos
flying head
BEST GAME EVER! How long has it taken you to do this? You should have done it before.
This game is literally unplayable. I have, I believe, 5 hours of just spamming "join game" and seeing "client timeout". over and over. I don't know if there are central servers, but if there are, please host using the HOST's computer because these servers are overloaded and I can't play the game.
Do not buy until this issue is fixed. This game is not very fun in singleplayer.
fajna ale jak sie nie ma znajomych to bardzo nudna.
hhhhhhhh
By far the most fun of the "lethal company" style of games. Even more fun than Lethal Company. Which is funny because the banner made me think this was just gonna be copycat slop but I was proven very wrong after a few hours of gameplay. Absolute recommend!
franchement incroyable
1
fajna gra polecam
preety fun but pls fix the add normal join systm
Vraiment Fun
Oyuna yorum 1/3'i save butonu 1/3'i halde inat olsun diye 1/3'i de kendi yorum oyun iyi.Buradan sebep olan ve oyundaki topal beyinsiz bunak gazi dedeye iletiyorum
funni
tbh this is going to be one of my to-go multiplayer games. It's funny, big lobbies, and atp way better than Lethal Company
The game has an intense atmosphere but still allows players to have goofy shenanigans which isn't all too common in horror survival games. It's reviving mechanics is a nice relief as compared to games that only gives your team one shot to make it or break it (not to mention if you have homicidal teammates, it helps to be able to get revived at every checkpoint). The designs of the characters are adorable as well. I don't have many complaints with this game and I thoroughly enjoy playing it with my friends.
Even in early access its the best, imagine it in full release
Lethal Company but feels better
Very fun way to fuck over your friends
La mejor alternativa a Lethal Company sin duda alguna. Espero lo sigan actualizando y haciendo mucho mejor de lo que ya es. PD: AGREGUEN LA WORKSHOP
gg
jeu tres fen avec ses potes
Cool game
good game
1
I hate that stupid fucking duck
Good Game
Gra w uciekam przed dzieckiem, a nie dziecko
Hank zatwierdza
Ich kann dieses drecks Kind in den Abgrund schieben. Ebenso kann ich die Monster einfach abknallen, also top Spiel.
/ /
pas mal
Very funny with friends
muy buen juego, lo recomiendo mucho por su jugabilidad momentos divertidos y monstruos que son puro arte igual como otros juegos como Content Warning y Lethal Company son mis juegos de terror favoritos
opravdu a hra
kanbudongsimida
trop bien drole
sim
Not many games worth their full price. but this one definitely does!
goty juegaso mas original
Banger
i like how the game works and i have a suggestion like costumization of repo characters skin, stickers and another stagee and monster
Hell yeah
If you have friends to play this with I would highly recommend it
But please add an option to join a random Lobby
A great and fun game to play with your best buddies.
ABSOLUTE CINEMA
um jogo para jogar com amigos. Os desenvolvedores sempre engajados para melhorar o jogo e ouvem a comunidade. Vale super a pena.
fgdgdfdfbhd
such a fun twist to Lethal Company type games
Super divertido recomiendo jugar mucho con amigos a veces algun susto pero esta genial.
its fun and exciting
Its really fun there are some glitches, which might just be me, but really good game.
muito bom
best game ever since lethal
bla bla ble ble blu blu
Affen geil und Mega Lustig
Awesome game, just like everyone else says tho they should get rid of the emoji thing lol
Do NOT touch the Duck
3
+
Te
love this game, super fun with friends and also alone not laughed so hard at a game for a long time
physics
Keep the emoji mascot! WE WANT THE EMOJI MASCOT!
Great game though
I love exploding stuff and my friends in shop.
tres fun
great game with friends its so funny and fun too
The game is awsome
10 360 10
but a wish there was online play with people
ciertamente es bueno cuando estas con amigos es divertido X'D
Le jeu est super sympa :thumbsup:
VERY FUN GAME TO PLAY WITH HOMIES!
I LOVE, I LOVE, I LOVE, I LOOOOVE
W
DURO
dope af
esta bueno
man
THIS GAME IS MORE FUN THEN HORROR I LAUGHED A LOT RATHER THAN FEAR LOL
R.E.P.O. is pure chaos and so much fun with friends! The mix of horror, teamwork, and goofy physics makes every game hilarious. The spooky vibe is there, but the way the robots move and talk just cracks me up. Trying to carry loot while monsters are hunting you? Absolute madness! Every round is a new adventure, and it never gets boring with friends. If you love co-op games that make you scream AND laugh, this a must play have funn! <3
hunter man go shoot me go boomb boom booobmobomom ahahahha
muy bueno
Ts is amazing
nice game
it has great game
le faltan tetas
very good with frend
est un jeu d'horreur en ligne par semiwork, sorti en le 26 2025. Il a rapidement en accumulant plus de 43 000 avis sur Steam, avec une note globale de positive" (96% d'avis positifs).
Steam Store
Points forts :
Gameplay immersif : six joueurs peuvent collaborer pour des objets dans des environnements effrayants, ajoutant une dimension et amusante au jeu.
Steam Store
Physique : Les objets sont soumis une physique une manipulation et une coordination efficace entre les joueurs.
des ennemis : Les joueurs affrontent diverses aux comportements augmentant la tension et l'excitation chaque mission.
Ambiance sonore et visuelle : du jeu est par des effets sonores immersifs et des visuels contribuant une horrifique captivante.
Points faibles :
Absence de matchmaking public : Actuellement, le jeu ne propose pas de de matchmaking en ligne, obligeant les joueurs sans trouver des partenaires via des plateformes externes comme Discord.
Steam Store
Bugs mineurs : Bien que globalement stable, certains joueurs ont des bugs occasionnels, typiques d'une version en
Conclusion :
R.E.P.O. offre une d'horreur unique qui a conquis de nombreux joueurs. quelques limitations son statut telles que l'absence de matchmaking public, le jeu se distingue par son gameplay immersif et sa physique Il est aux amateurs de jeux d'horreur de l'essayer, tout en gardant l'esprit que des sont pour les futures mises
SIGMA
this game is to be soon a hit int he PC world
best
not good with words but this game is funny as fuck
20/10!
bir oyunnn
I can feed my lovely bf to monsters while he gives me the most judgmental side-eye ever. I can also hit people with stuff. 13/10 perfect for gremlins.
APH, BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU LUK LUK LUK, LINGANGULI GULI GULI WATA LINGAN GUUUUUU, LINGAN GUUUUU.
95-100+
6
R.E.P.O lembra content warning ou jogos desse estilo, eu gosto muito desses tipos de jogos e esse aqui decepcionou, incrivel e muito bom jogando com amigos, tem aquele terror muito jogando com amigos!
thats a BIG F#ING GREAT GAME WITH FRIEANDS
THIS GAME IS FUN LIKE JOHN SHIT
played a fart soundboard while hiding from blind huntsman, got my friend killed. 10/10
17 10
Its fcking awseome
VERY FUN GAME TO PLAY WITH FRIENDS!
NO ME HA GUSTADO QUE NO HAYA LOBBYS PUBLICAS A LAS QUE UNIRTE,MENOS MAL QUE TENGO A MI HERMANO PARA JUGAR CON EL PERO SIENTO QUE SI NO TIENES UN GRUPO DE 3 O MAS SE HACE LARGA LA PARTIDA ETC.
fun game
/
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6. \:D/
1.
Very good game. Comedic timing is on point.
Repossess the copper wire in their walls.
1 1
aAaAAAAAAAAaaaaaa
No
ahuenno
pressed q accidentally
my friends decided to put me in a toilet and flush it
funny fart game will die like lethal company since no updates
Jogo muito bom para jogar com os amigos, pode ter certeza que garantida
R.A.P.E
gut
funny
picun f6
Ignore the haters, keep the mascot. 10/10 GOTY
super fun if you have friends to play
Prettuy fun game
ta gra jest super nigdy tak nie
Romania simulator
I recommend
best life
Juegardo
better than lethal company
extremely fun with friends
Super,sympa
its a great game but i want to play with random people (which with my knowledge its not possible) like public servers, so if possible please add this, i understand this is still in early access but in full game can you add this?
sigma game
Yes, just Yes
El juego es divertido si se juega con mas de 2 personas, pero igualmente sigue siendo god, eso si, es casi imposible jugarlo en solo, pero en lo que va el juego esta un 9/10
MUITO FERA
melhor jogo do genero :steamhappy:
Started and watched my friends all died. 10 out of 10
w
10 1000000/0
u will not regret
very fun with friends
wanted to hide in a toilet and scream skibidi toilet when i heared the door open.
well that blind mf shot me square in the fucking face
-10/10 would scream again
ShikkenNugges
180
" R.E.P.O " - makes you feel like a detective, but instead of solving crimes, hunting ghosts and repossessing their a paranormal debt collector! A fun mix of horror and comedy, with more laughs than scares. A quirky and entertaining experience for those who love the
- Don't you dare to look to your friend face when you hidden '
its amazing
Perfect for friends, this game offers endless fun with exciting challenges, co-operative gameplay, and memorable moments. Its engaging mechanics keep everyone hooked, making it an absolute must-play game!
bla bla bla, ble ble ble, blu blu blu, HA blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blublu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu, lu lu lu, linga guli guli guli wathca linga gu linga gu. Linga guli guli guli wathca linga gu linga gu. Linga guli guli guli wathca linga gu linga gu. Linga guli guli guli wathca linga gu linga gu
fun
i love to repo it every night when i get home from work
great devs, i dont curse often but fuck you EA and UBisoft, this is not a lethla rip off and both stand on their own greatly.
Its a very fun game to play with friends. Each Level has a different feel to it.
worth it
6
game funny game good
asd
:)
tremendo juegardo divertido de esos que ves y que parecen malillos pero que por 5 o 10 dolares te dan mas de 30 horas aseguradas de puras risas, con la bonita dualidad de que jugarlo en solitario es puro horror y con amigos pura risa lo valoro con 4.5 sobre 5. saludos cordiales
After a quick 2 hours, I can say I fell in love with the game. Trying to make money by collecting valuables and other oddments, while being hunted down by new creatures. Even in early release, the game is super fun and I cant wait for the real version to come out.
it is amazingly horrifying and when grouped with friends to help you collect valuables and it becomes a hilarious experience.
hilarious game play with ya fellas and its beautiful that its a 6 player instead of 4 think its more inclusive so none of your friends feel left out, cant wait for more updates to come
Macht echt spass mit freunden
super drole
Adictivo misma forma que lethal company pero tiene todas las cosas que lethal no tenia
i almost shat myself from laughing so much
GREAT game haven't had this much fun on a game in YEARS me aand the boys played to like 2:00 AM which never happens great game huge potential please dont fumble
A very fun game to play together with friends and laugh
Muito melhor do que eu imaginava, bem mais intuitivo se divertir em qualquer canto e ficar com medo
O jogo parece bem mais polido do que muito outros em seu acesso antecipado espero muito mais quando completar
Espero que tenha mais jogos para os perdedores do que aquela arena, traria uma variada
Ainda sei se esse jogo tem muita por falar ou escrever na hora errada mas quero mais
Achei bem inovador de ter mais trabalho em equipe pelo itens
goated
Hilarious game with other people. Even watching media of the game is absolutely comedic and hilarious. The price is very fair, and the devs seem to be pushing updates to the game. The game doesn't seem to have any manor or maybe even minor issues except the typical replay value in the long term.
text-to-speech OP
miau
ebasi glavata
If you want to die of laughter, get this game. It's so goofy and funny.
ahuet
test
It's a good game IF you can get into a game. I've had this game for weeks and have only been able to play twice. The rest of the time I've been trying to figure out how to stop getting Client Timeout or Disconnected Course: Exception errors from hosting or joining other games. I know it's not my internet because other people in the same house can play the game and I can play other games just fine. I tried multiple hosts from different time zones, uninstalled and reinstalled the game, restarted my pc, checked file integrity and checked for steam client updates which are all up to date and running fine. My friends and I reported the issue in the official discord along with many other people who seem to be getting the same issue only to not have received any fix or update if the devs are working on it. Very frustrating and a waste of money.
good
This game is good
OmG wie geil, nicht lustig, aber mega FUNNY
I watched my friends die to a blind man with a shotgun, and a duck
10/10 peak game
umbulechkaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Dang it I got this game to play with randos :(
Seems like this would be another Lethal Company type game but the little things set this game apart that make it hard to stop playing. The way the physics work makes you play carefully and with intention to avoid breaking valuable objects. Almost every object has mechanics that make each one feel unique. The AI behind the monsters allows for them to be observed and learned from easily without the need for guides from the internet. And the level design is compact and easy to digest. Looking forward to seeing what this game has to offer down the road.
This Game is just pure fun!
Right now there is no better game to play with your friends!
so addicting to play with friends and brings so much joy to it whenever i play it, with friends, friends is your best bet for the success in this game, singleplayer is like hardcore version of it, you're alone, though you buy things, a lot of things for yourself and it is still hard and fun at same time, W game W devs
great but simple game
like lethal company but funnier
UwU
Yes it is very fun with friends and funny and only sigmas aloud by:nickstanz99
ass
+
Augen sind lustig. weiterempfehlen
I love this game so much! Me and my bf play all the time! My only complaint is whenever we make it through multiple levels and we get killed in one then it doesn't save our progress and starts us back at level 1 which is really frustrating. Other than that i love the game, graphics, and especially the characters and their funny eyes! Highly recommend playing with friends!
The best popular game rn.
I love beating up gnomes
Such a good game it's very funny, and sometimes scary too
Velmi
FODA
Fun and has potential to be a better game when it's fully fleshed out
Actually spooky
An online co-op horror game with up to 6 players. Locate valuable, fully physics-based objects and handle them with care as you retrieve and extract to satisfy your creator's desires.
fun game
SoundPad
10 10!
10 10!
10 10!
Juego muy divertido para jugar con amigos 100% recomendado
Mt divertido sem sombra de recomendo demais, bom jogar com amigos obviamente que assim consegue desenrolar o joguin, mas ta mt bom, rendendo mt
Soundpad
bla bla bla bleh bleh bleh blu blu blu HAP BLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLU
Absolute work of art. Defo worth the $13. For those playing for the first time, you should definitely pick up the cute ducks that follow you around.
10-20
Maybe the real horror the terrifying monsters lurking in the shadows, but the sheer fortune we burned along the way.
extremely fun game all it needs is some more objects that mess with your voice
A brilliant and silly spin on the lethal company formula, that should be considered as its own standalone with no comparison. Dev's are great too! Very passionate and community-focused
Super fun avec des potes je recommande
da pra dar varias risadas ainda mais se tiver 6 duzia de amigos doentes iguais aos que eu tenho kkkkkkkkkk
Simple and super addicting
10 10
cok eglenceli
varsa en iyi oyunlardan bir tanesi. bu kadar az yer onu da ama bu oyunu oynarken yapmak iyi hissettiriyor. sizde
3 godziny zagralem i jest to najlepsza giera do grania z ziomkami, a jest dopiero w wersji beta
Video juego para descojonarse.
This is the greatest game of all time (I'm losing my mind)
juegazo
good gaem good plaers and good gaem graphics with good gaem
Good
100000\10
sigma sigma
i trapped my friends dead body in a fridge
lental company
good game scary creatures
Buhf yjhvfkmyfz yj z [jntk ,s xnj,s vyt dthyekb ltymub cerf t,fyst
izi
roligt
El juego es divertido y aterrador Es un muy buen juego a mi parecer
YES
super fun
hella fun, not too hard solo, funnier with mods, and all around a fun game to play with family or friends
One of the best co-op games of all time, its a great mix or horror and laughing your ass off, buy it if you have a few friends to play it with.
its good, play with friends
It's been a long time since I've had this much fun with friends.
BEST Game ever it is SOOOO much fun to play with friends and the cool thing is even when you aren't good at the game it is still SOOO Fun!
Very fun, play with mods for better QOL stuff
BRUTAL, puto juegaso 10/10
brainrot the horror game
-10 10.
- -
Soundpad.
R.E.P.O. R.E.P.O.
C gfxrjq dtctkj, ,tp gfxrb ytn!
scariest horror game I've played of late
10/10 anxiety attacks galore
10 10
zeki girmeyi tavsiye ederim
There is a duck, as well as swirlies for your friends.
veri god
great game funner with friends but still a W and like a said if you have a friend defenatley tell them to buy this its worth the cost BUY IT
:3
viel zu starke Gegner, man ins level. tot. Runde, zwei durchsucht, tot. alt f4
This game is liquid ass. Just play lethal company instead and save the
1
es macht apas mit freunde und mit ein saundpet
caca
muito bom
very nice (read it in borat's voice)
Great
10/10
games a blast
this game is amazing
Franchement fun avec des potes et peu paraitre redondant mais non au mob et map
En esperant que le jeu soit souvent mis a jour et ne soit pas
buuuuuh
games cool and fun, just kinda annoying in some parts of gameplay that makes it less enjoyable, emoji mascot is kinda weird too, but other than that the game is quite fun, looking forward to the matchmaking stuff in the future too.
INSANELY dumb fun with friends. i love it.
Great game, ignore the reddit incels the emojis are the key add more of them
FIRE GAME
e04
1
It's a fun game to play with friends, Just the amount of Stuff you can do. The game resembles Lethal Company so you have to make quota. The only difference is, is that if you break the item or shatter it you lose profit. And there is only so much you can get from one map. But what I like is that you can upgrade yourself and use weaponary which is a game changer. But yeah hoping cosmetics come out, I don't want to use Mods I would rather play it fair and without putting my pc at risk. So here to hoping for Cosmetics and maybe Cross play :D.
Esse jogo muito bom, tipo da pra vc tirar muitas rizadas jogando com seus amigos recomendo
I laughed until i got a cramp in my side and my ribs hurt. Play at your own risk
fun game as long as you can convince your friends to buy it :)
180
The new Lethal Company.
Okay but in all seriousness, this game takes a lot from different mainstream games to flesh itself into something that feels new, goofy, but also deep with strategy.
The devs are lovely, and try to actively keep up with their fans as best as they can, especially due to the game still being actively developed.
If you're ever looking for a fun time with friends, or even just by yourself, REPO is DEFINITELY worth a chance.
very fin flop gng sig
W game
Great game. just scary enough to make you jump but not enough to make you cry. great to play with friends or solo if you like tense situations.
Its so much fun
Very enjoyable and hilarious
Simplemente TETERA
My friends and I have only played the game once, but what a joyride this one time was. Game play is SO fun- collecting valuables, running and hiding from creatures, combat mechanics. even the prox chat is a good time. In the little time we played, we kept saying how much fun we were having even if we ended up in the disposal area countless times.
I played with two others, however, I feel the game would be more enjoyable with more friends to play- that is why I was super excited when it said up to 6 people can be in a party (definitely going to try that out sometime in the future). The game seems to have endless content (I haven't seen anything posted by other content creators yet saying there was an end to the game) which I also appreciate for endless fun with different groups of friends.
Very happy purchasing this game. I will definitely be sinking a huge chunk of hours into this game.
11 10
10 10
p.s.
this game is so fun, please just change the banner it makes people think its some random indie horror game that isnt that great. buy the game, you wont regret it (unless you do idk)
So fun, Scary but not so bad you cant get your friends into it and its only 10 bucks
Uno d los mejores juego que he jugado este aun que de momento ando en una PC del gobierno a 10 o 4 fps, las risas no faltan con los amigos, aunque tiene su cierto grado de dificultad para agarrarle a los boss una vez que lo agarras no es tan dificil, altamente recomendado
I thought this would be a cheap/cringe game based on the cover photo. However, for being in early access, R.E.P.O. is an incredibly fun game! The developers have done a fantastic job building a solid foundation that makes it feel like a full, polished experience.
Side-note: Why the emoji in the cover?
Funnybone
Absolutely fantastic, a ton of fun to play with your friends. Can't wait for future updates and for content to be added.
FUN GAME
good game
=)
amazing game
if your a fan of horror games or lethal company and content warning this is the game for you. it's a mix between horror and goofiness
This game is super fun and scary, specially playing with your homies, i was blasting out with tears laughing out loud
This game is the best early access game ive ever bought
Good for a laugh, gets difficult but is fun dont take it too seriously!
De fato um jogo ja criado!
makes for great memories
:0
:
yay
good
The best gypsy simulator! I've never been fucked so hard by combat dwarfs.
Special thanks to the developers for the opportunity to flush a teammate down the toilet.
jogo bom pra caralho (mas jogue com os amigos)
Soundpad Demo,
bla bla bla bleh bleh blu
)
good game
tremendo juego
(.)(.)
en vrai de vrai c'est pas mal mais le mieux c'est de jouer plusieurs sera plus drole
i like game :D
i love working for the slightly less lethal company
Quality game right here, looking forward to updates and such. :)
XXI
could you add online matchmaking because i have no friends to play with
ZAEBASHIL
me encanto este juego, es demaciado dibertido y con amigos mucho mejor
I almost pissed my pants from laughing at my friends dying in this game
9/10
It has a lot of new things that we never saw in games like this like (LETHAL COMPANY/CONTENT WARNING/ LOCKDOWN PROTOCOL)
its so funny with a friend,the more you are the funnier it is.
you have to collect some pieces that have a value and when you reach the quote you can go trough.
I reccomend this game with your friends(if you have any)
Girlfriend used my head when dead to make a kissing party at the sell point, stood there saying "Mwah Mwah" "Kissy Kissy" "hehe"
- Real review time -
Game is fantastic and the models are done extremely well, I have never seen such a simpler concept with so much express-ability in game with TTS, subtitles etc, this truly is one of the most accessible games, especially for my Girlfriend who is a Mute, she can join in the action and I don't have to feel bad about missing the chat because I can hear a crouched semibot going "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA" from half a mile away
The only gripe I have is WHY do the bots breathe, it stresses me out! Semiwork please answer me, I must know!
this game is the most clip worthy game of all time
> 10 dakika boyunca olarak bekle
> seni tekrar diye sevin
> kafana sonucu
> devam et
10/10
the best game
Esse jogo simplesmente muito principalmente o voice chat.
Entretenido, idiomas
I have a problem with the game. Suddenly the cache is out while playing and I can't find the cause. Sometimes there is a coach until or something that I can't read in time. The game caches and bounces out. I try to fix it but I can't find a way. How should I
fantastic
Ist einfach ein Gutes spiel
fun
Si
funny robot
BEST GAME KNOWN TO MAN STEAM MAKE THIS 1# IN ALL GAMES
Amazing
Very cool
BANGER
sehr geil
its so fun with friends and if you play alone its so hard
Dziecko mnie
Lethal company 2
3 4
repo
Very fun to play with 5 other friends! Teamwork is key
10/10 would commit home invasion & theft again!
2 1
geinig om te doen met vrienden
peak game
goat
Best game in all creation to play with a group.
Absolutely beautiful! Just server connectivity problems with my African internet. I'm wondering if a grace period for reconnection is possible. Maybe having the semibot shut down as a game mechanic rather than kicking it out of the lobby.
Also that logo tho.No hate on taxman ofc but.the cute lil semibots are the W XD
I love stealing people stuff AND THEN MURDER THE OWNER
Create matchmaking please and new servers as well cause the game can be laggy sometimes and also keep updating and supporting this game please cause the community is fun, cant wait to keep playing it and make new friends
;?;p;
Lethal Companyde otizmli varsa bu oyunu sizi garantisi var birde kahkaha duvara DOMALTIP
R.A.P.E.
deserves game of the year
You can sex in the game
Great game
R.E.P.O
No lo jueguen, es muy adictivo y divertido, llevo desvelandome dos noches seguidas jaja
fun
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
genial y hermoso
Este juego la verdad me genero demasiado hype me lo compre al instante junto con mis amigo y no faltaron las risas en ningun momento muy recomendado la verdad es buenisimo viva R.E.P.O
stupid game
Classic hahaha please ply with me lol
Very Funny
posle etoy igrbl golosovble svyazki
bla blka bak
JBL
si
-_-
supper fun with freands but i cant hear my lobby or anything
Honestly a very fun game with friends!And very scary alone. Two vibes I thrill with the most x'D
Absolute cinema
this is so much fun. 200% recommended
Absolute cinema
why do i fall out of the map from the floor as soon as i take damage or get knocked back? cant this BUG BE FIXED AS SOON AS POSSIBLE!
360
Really fun realistic animation game
fasza a a sok a vihar a szotyi meg is
funny is funny is funny funny
10 10
fakat bir sorun var kocaman olan bir eleman var ve genelde yatak olmayan yerlerde ve bizden bunun biraz nerf gelmeli agalarla o o derece zor
i have a beef with that duck
this is so epic and awseome
muito daora
I highly recommend this game, I played it for 6 hours straight because of how much fun I was having.
yes
Extremely fun roguelike survival horror game. I've only played as a duo and it has been a blast, i'm very excited for for public lobbies in the future. P.S. please change the mascot lol, use the player characters or something for the face of the game.
really fun and challenging game
Needs a longer TTS limit
godo
shit is to funny not to play with the homies
I love this game! No matter if we're playing between just two of us or a group of 3+ it never fails to be fun - whether you're using proximity chat or not.
For us personally the simple game play loop with increasing enemy numbers/obstacles doesn't get boring, the mechanics themselves are just FUN! I won't get tired of Finding Objects and Putting Them In Cart while doing my best not to walk face (or ass) first into an enemy. It's fun to challenge your level high score and see what ridiculous turn of unfortunate events kills you next.
Game has the odd quirk, inconsistency or bizarre event you don't expect to happen the way it does- but what game wouldn't in early access!
I think the one thing I'd appreciate most is a visible field around extractions. Particularly for large objects or if you have a lot of objects outside carts, I want to be able to see exactly WHERE an item is out of bounds and will be crushed. Particularly as there are only precious few seconds to align items sometimes if you're hitting your quota putting them in. We've had some mixed results with some larger items despite thinking or swearing that they were fully inside.
Very excited to see more locations and more enemy types :)
bro this game is so fun and better than lethal tbh
The game is obviously quite similar to Lethal Company, but it takes everything that Lethal lacks at and improves on it (bugs, hiding from monsters looting etc.). I specifically waited until I had more hours to review this game so I can point out it's flaws and give a more in depth review.
First I will start off with the best parts of the game. Looting and selling is genuinely done perfectly, what normally feels like a chore to do this game turns into one of, if not it's best mechanic. Items being able to break and lose value if you are not careful combined with a confined area to sell, makes for an engaging system that keeps you constantly invested into the game. Monster variety is quite big considering it's still an early access. None of the monsters feels unfair to play against, each one has it's counter and a way to outplay it (especially being able to smack them with random items and throwing them around is super fun).
Decent amount of levels on release and a lot of different room types. The characters are also funny, the eye tracking is absolute comedy. Also the items and the perks you buy from the shop are cool and change the way you approach different scenarios.
All that said there are a few thing that can be improved upon/added (considering the game is early in it's development I won't be as harsh to it). Progression must be added to the game, something for the player to be progressing towards outside each run. Which will add a sense of accomplishment and an incentive to play more. As I mentioned earlier there are decent amount of levels with a lot of different room types, but in general the world around you is quite still and has no interaction with the player itself. Adding different randomized side objectives apart from the normal extractions would also make the gameplay loop more interesting.
With everything said I think the game is a near 10/10 to me, all of it's mechanics it executes perfectly combined with how well polished it is, in all of my hours I maybe spotted one or two bugs none of them game breaking. I recommend the game greatly and you should too consider trying it out.
10 10
Is good
walking emoji fr
Peak
Never laughed with my friends this hard lmfao
juste incroyable
10/10 tripped over a cup and died
Way better than you'd think it is.
From the emoji mascot thing, I was sure this was another crappy Lethal Company knockoff and had no intention of playing. Then I saw the actual gameplay clips.
While it clearly takes inspiration from Lethal Company it has it's own unique mechanics that reward slower and more careful gameplay rather than a "run in and steal everything" gameplay.
If it had a better mascot design (with the whole emojis thing), I think it would be more appealing.
Nevertheless, it's a good game to play with friends, and it has a single player mode!
Fun game if played with friends, its a mix of Lethal C. and Zort!
p
john pork
Diddy's Massive Johnson
Lingangu, guli guli, wata lingangu
10 10
yas
aaaaaaaaaaabrrbrrbrr
ts so peak
yes its a rizz game.
fun
otistik agalar ile
heel leuk spel met je vrienden
5
1
Much like lethal co. And another one I can't remember for the life of me. This game blows them out of the water with it's vibe, enemy design and sound design. The proxy chat is outstanding. Mostly because the mouths move so you can do some funny stuff with it. Genuinely download the game and have fun with it
A fun group activity
ANALISE BEM ANALISADA ANALISANDO TODAS AS ANALISES DO JOGO EU ANALIZO Q ANALIZAR ESSE JOGO UMA ANALIZE BEM ANALIZISTICA RECOMENDO
Muy buen juego pero lo malo esque si no tienes amigos no lo puedes jugar online y la verdad me gustaria q arregaran salas con gente random
Played it for a little and i think its great.
BUT CHANGE THAT DAMN MASCOT
No lobby browser is a killer for this game. I've only gotten to play solo because my friends don't want to play it, and I'm too lazy to search through discord servers to find a group. Gonna be another Lethal Company rip off that doesn't live as long as the original.
very good game with friends
Meilleur mode spectateur depuis mw2
Awesome game, get some friends together, and play this for a while, it will 100% make you laugh.
1.
2.
3.
4.
5. Alt+F4
Very Good
fenasal saran bi oyun in the world
Bestes spiel um mit freunden zu spielen
imadom gyujteni az 50 forintos palackokat, tokeletes jatek szamomra! ajanlom!
10/10 game Got dideld by mention i got fucked by every monster) like i said 10/10
el mejor juego lol
i really fun and dumb horror game to play with friends
its good
This game makes me wet
Es la polla
no controller support so 0/10. With controller 10/10 :)
Great game
Large W
But can someone spam them to add achivments? i don't have friends, i wanna play singleplayer
gaining achivments makes me feel better with myself Cause i don't feel like im dying everytime for nothing
very gut gejm
Peak
I shart my pants a bit
f
very good game fun with friends
+mood -Friend
Goated game
Such a fun game to play with friends and still fun to play solo. I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys horror and a fun time.
H
Game's great with friends
un banger incroyable
10 10
a game of all time
zzz
very cool
really fun!
ICH MACH DIE KAK ENTE CURRY
this game is purno
R.E.P.O what you sow.
This game is quite fun, particularly with friends. My only very mild complaint is the lack of online match-making so you cant play coop without friends. But it seems the devs are trying to fix this shortly. I greatly recommend this game.
-
-
-
-
-
2 -
good
zajebiste jest to kiedy kumpel chowa w szafie, jak u wujka
10/10
100
By far one of the best multiplayer experiences I've had to date. This game brings together so many of the great systems from its predecessors adding it's own flavor to it all and I've loved every second of it.
They game can be wonky at times but that honestly adds to the charm of it all, so if you're on the fence 100% grab this for you and your friends you won't regret it.
video game
Fuck the headman. Literally.
CJHUJHJ JHHHG
soundpad
AAAAA OYUN ADJHGSFDHGNSD
[h1]
[/h1]
good gmae
cool
Its a really fun game to play with friends or randoms you met on discord. Solo is ok but loses the fun factor of it.
So fun to play with friends
Simple game play, easy to learn. Great fun with friends and lots of laughs
i dodged a bullet then died to your average detroit citizen
Me and 3 other friends played till 3 in the morning with non-stop laughter. 10/10
My friend got kidnapped by an invisible P.diddy the ugly ducklin in hes final form Peak fiction 10/10 Getting assaulted experience
good game
r
very funny allthough the monsters are a bit. not bad but. annoying. and items (valuebles) break a bit too fast. but the game is still great and definitly one of the top 3 best games ive ever played! (i hope the devs fix items breaking for no reason when sliding them on the ground safely or just picking em up.)
classique
This game is absolutely fantastic. I can't get enough. I play it for hours, watch others play it. I love it. I wouldn't call myself a gamer on any level, but I have found myself drawn to this one!
good and fun
W
this game is insane but u need friends to play
vtyz e,bk lheu/kfqr
fun scary funny
gg
gg
Yes, but emoji, but yes in all other things
10 10
Jogo totalmente divertido, mesmo que umas fases a frente pode dar umas dificuldades boas de jogar.recomendo muito jogarem, ainda mais com os amigos, tudo se torna mais divertido
1 10
top
le le le imba
PS1 silly milly 10/10
Me gusta que sea un juego divertido y a la vez de miedo. Lo que es que se pudiera jugar cooperativo al azar porque el encontrar con quien jugar es un poco
amazing game but it will take some time to get use to. But it is still a very fun and scary game i can only play solo but its still very funny to do things and mess around once you have the ability to.
Perlu kawan biar asik
absolutely chaotic with friends
i play with friend, i mak profit with friend, i see enemy, enemy kill friend, i kill enemy, respawn friend, then i kill friend.
awesome game
TOP
Very fun upcoming game which i hope to see more of
Amazing game, had a moment when me and my friend both died by huntsman as we cleared the extraction point and both got respawned and then immediately got killed by the massive skull LMAOOO. Either way very good game for friends and even solo play. Can't wait for the development of this game!
meilleur que lethal company est trop fun les 10 balles trop rentable
yes
Super fun with friends!
o mais de fazer sexo, medo e ao mesmo tempo pode fazer isso com os amigos.
funnest game iv played
Nice
huele a chope
ABA
i either hava lots of fun or be scared like its on my lifec
super fun and hilarious game so far, i can't wait to see where the devs take it into coming out of early release<3
very fun game! you should buy!
isedac gamoklevebuli dzmakacebi, uaresad gamoakleva am tamashma
good game when i dont die
Very fun and funny game. if you like Lethal Company you'll enjoy this game. It's more comedic then Lethal though with its characters. Q to crouch is wild though. Crouching and the googly eyes are adorable.
Let me start this off, this is not a lethal company clone. I thought it was at first so was hesitant to buy it. But this game is unique and amazing in so many ways. This game is designed for having people to play with and gives so many unique interactions. The monsters are unique and do not feel stale or anything of the like no matter how much you play. Each round has a unique feeling between the different monsters, map layouts, and items to move.
Overall, if you have friends buy this game. If you don't have friends, still buy it. It is great single player.
sehr gutes spiel um mit freunden zu spielen
funny with the boys
rozwalilem koledze dwa wazy
explodiram a do meu amigo
uma gigante me engoliu
meu amigo foi abusado por gnomos
um sapo chefe me cozinhou
achei um pato
10/10
jogo dahorinha pra jgr com a rapaziada
funny android robots
Great game, but they should increase the stamina regen rate for when you have more stamina upgrades(% up or something), I've got 5 stamina upgrades and 3 sprint upgrades, causing me to use so much stamina a second.
brabo
silly throw game
The game is very fun but the emoji shit is absolutely horrible. Should also have an option for skipping the PvP mode after losing, would much rather just get back into it ASAP
fun with friends
bon jeu "Lethal Company like" la DA est original, le design des perso qui parlent comme les canadiens de South Park c'est XD. Le fait de devoir le transport des marchandises rend le jeu marrant surtout quand tu vois ta pendule des escalier faisant passer l'objet de 20 000 a 5 000 $. bestiaire assez complet. Le seul point faible que je qualifierai ce jeu est le fait qu'il n'y ai pas de timing, rend certaines games trop longues parfois.
Really love the game but I wish there would be an upgrade to fix my Asthma because my stamina needs what feels like 10 minutes real time to recover
best game forever
4
Love the vanoss crew playing it, and its the only reason i'm playing it
Super funny!
fico
Llevo 30 minutos recogiendo objetos y al llegar a la zona de la monja, me hasta el carrito, solo pude hacer la de Kurt Cobain
being JBL wireless
This game is extremely fun and scary. 10/10
super
Is fun to play, but need more contents. Things is getting similar after stage 11.
R.E.P.O. -
its epic
10 10
bdfgmvhkchfgbbdfcboksdfkvkweipwerfikwerf-iower
It's the best game
I really like the proximity chat and how you can pick up your friends and kill them
This game is amazing and i can see this going far in future. The physics of being able to throw around anything as a weapon, including enemies (with enough strength) never leaves you hopeless as a weapon is always available to you, whether it is a door, valuables or your friends. This game has had me addicted for hours on end even for early access it is extremely well made. Since you can play with up to five of your friends and mods increasing it up to 20, you will have so much fun.
HELL YEAHHH
very funny
i may only have 6 hours but that is enough to think its one of the best games on steam rn
Simplesmente 10/10. O melhor jogo coop que eu e meus amigos jogamos ainda mais por ser possivel matar seus "amigos"
ww
oyun olunca zevkli oluyo, oynamak isteyen varsa discorddan eklesin
Discord : kyomewa
10/10 would throw my friends down the void again
*
gugu gaga
game good
Djed enek! Urk em hotep nefer. Sekhem em seneb, neheh em henu. Medew enek em shemsu. Ankh, udja, seneb!
did not enjoy my time with it.
lepszy lethal imo
-robociki gramy mega cutie
-noszenie scrapu jest interaktywne czasami trzeba sie przy tym co jest spoko imo
-upgrade'y dojebane w te na potworami jak szmatami jak ma sie
-chowanie sie przed potworami jest mega
-nie ma limitu czasowego na levelu co tez jest super bo nie trzeba sie na czas tylko na spokojnie zbierasz sobie
it is good
wow fun
hes right behind me isent he
Eines der lustigsten Spiele, die man mit mindestens drei Personen spielen sollte. Es macht und ist challenging. Man sollte denken, nach 15 Stunden sollte es langsam langweilig werden, aber die Entwickler geben sich am Spiel dran zu bleiben, und das macht mich
EZ GG
Lethal Company walked so that R.E.P.O could run.
Latinae
3
jeu assez marrant je recommande fortement d'y jouer a plusieurs pour plus de fun
i get to be a tiny person
juegazo
the game is very good, the mechanice of having to keep items from hitting stuff and breaking to get more money is really fun. but, there is 1 thing i hate about this game. there is no public servers, you can only join other steam friends and the fun part of this game is playing with other people but some people don't have friends on steam. it would be much better if the made public lobbies but it's still a good game
mega
De lo mejor que con amigos, goty
deja de romper las cosas
1946
could you make it so that you can join with a room code instead of always having to get an invite?
would be very nice
360
arboles alcoroques
The game is based on multiplayer therefore the fun factor is very high in a group. Alone it is more like a horror game. but worth the money for sure
skib
Noob vs predator
Got friends? Good, that's all you need to have fun because you can't get mad at eachother in this game. Everything is just super funny for no reason at all. :P
great game but my friends wont get it :(
its sooooooo gooooood i just looooove the text to speeech ists soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo goooooooooooooood
good
Best game accuracy of 1000/100
Playing single player = speedrunning
Playing with friends or multiplayer = comedy (
best mods = 10000/100
yea its fun
goty
dobra hra:)
Lethal Company.
The most fun I have had in a multiplayer experience. Wallet-friendly and one hell of a good time.
WW game we have fun 100%
so far the best co-op horror game i've ever played, me and my friends are having so much fun on it i just cant wait to play it with new features and monsters, i'm so excited! good job to all of you, keep it up!
repo is fun experience that shall be indulged in
V.E.R.Y. F.U.N.
10
fgood
lethal company'nin eksik daha bir oyun.
olmadan ve Mapleri kesinlikle her yerini gezmeye zorlayan ve fazla lethal company'ye fark bir kesin
Super Spiel. wirklich cool, wenn es Errungenschaften geben
Please add some Achivements :D
jackson brayshaw got tocuhed multiple times very good game
Menarik
SI
2 hours of gameplay and we got so many clips of us shitting ourselfs laughing
fun with friends but at least 4 people needed
the funniest co-op horror game out there!
coop fun
too peak
10/10 almazov razbitix igra top tubzik raziebalsia ot moego shirnogo timeiata
10 10
Fun and entertaining for a large group of friends
love getting shot in the face by the huntsman when i turn into a hallway
where sex update
so much fun
ich finde eine early access ist das ein super game mit viel content, aber die zukunft ich noch eine art item shop wo man spielen tokens bekommt die man in kosmetics tauschen
fun game. better with friends
guli guli wata lingangu lingangu
Great game 10/10 almost shit myself from being scared and also laughing till I'm in tears.
Right now it's my favorite game to play with friends, it's so much fun and I can't wait to see what the developers are gonna do with it in the future.
I recommend it 100%
Goated game to play with your friends, really fun and with increasing difficulty. Recommended if you can convice your friends to buy the game.
the game is so funny but it has a bug an crashes my pc
If you're looking for a hilarious and chaotic game to play with friends, this is a must try! It's completely unserious in the best way possible, making every run an absolute blast. The gameplay feels smooth, the controls are great, and the overall experience is just pure fun. Playing with a group makes it even better, and I can't wait to see what future updates bring. Highly recommend giving it a shot!
is ok
My idiot friend won't stop singing 2010 white girl music into the microphone, and my other friend shatters every object he touches. Yet despite not ever making it past level 4, this game is very fun
6
i like how monsters can hear us but only bad thing is you cant play with randoms
First session with friends was 3,5 hours of laughing so badly that I died at least twice because of it, the day after my stomach still hurts. 69/10 this game deserves all the attention it's getting <3
| _ _ l
/ |
/
| | |
| | |
|
10 10
Amazing game to play with friends. So i recommend it if you have friends.
10/10
This game is so fun, espicially with friends, I love the aspect of the horror and I cant wait for the next update
sex game
Ta gra jest po prostu Grafika nie jest najlepsza, lecz w tej grze nie jest to wymagane.
ten strasznie mnie poprzez jego Jedynym minusem jest to potwory dziwnie zaprogramowane.
10
polecajka
good game to play with friends
Yes, it is a very fun game! somehow played more of this than lethal company which I have had installed for over a year. A friend has bought this game for me. W game. W friend
ROLIGT.
Such a simple and great game, so much fun playing with friends. 11/10 no doubt.
love it
: :. 10 10 2500 $
Excelente para perder amigos kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
tyrg
9/10
Extremely fun
THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVER!
fire
I HATE THE EMOJI
en
es muy divertido
it is very funny lol
-
Actually incredible
noice
muito bom
dfff
g
It's all good, but when the clown kicks, I want you to prevent him from kicking through the object.
To summ this game up:
This game is so much fun with friends, 10/10. My friends and I have played a lot of co-op games and this is a very fun one.
Although my first impression on this game was very good! The game just became very glitchy 2 days after purchase. When i picked up itmes they kept shaking and breaking.
it has great potentional definetly i even almost had fun but you may concider rework of multiplayer let the host decide who can join like in borderlands sometimes you have no friend to play with and sometimes you can make friend when played with:) if it makes sense there is some sireous logics i aint explaing to mutch :) but i liked mechanics of game and it was entertaining obvious updates are crucial to keep it up in selling :) even if its coop game and all vtubers love it there is zero chance random prayer can go play with those vtubers since world semi getting back to logics they may figure it out :) but game is funn with friends specialy yea i didnt play with anyone and i already know it thats logics :)
Gra bardzo fajna. Z kolegami najlepsza i fajne jest to potworki, polecam :D
This is nice with friends of alone you can enjoy alot by doing the mission
Jeu hyper avec ses amis.
Le horreur de fait ressentir peu importe les circonstances.
Je recommande
gut
good game
WTF
Best scary and funny game of 2025
"YOU BROKE IT" "WELL NO, YOU RAN INTO ME" They exclaimed prior to getting obliterated by a red glowing deadly laser.
This is supposed to be a horror game, not a comedy XD
10/10
40
This is a amazing game and very funny if played in multiplayer.
great game to play with friend especially if u want to wack them with a cart for a crown
P.S:
great game buy it but there is no join random lobby button you can only play with friends not randos so join a discord a subreddit or something there is a single player option games pretty fun with or without friends so id say buy it pretty good but the emoji mascot needs to go it leaves a bad first impression and you will think its one of those sh!tty side scrollers or a mobile game but its not
es buibuemo
es un juegazo
180
funny asf game
Es Ninguna partida es igual nunca que la otra. Da pie a muchas situaciones divertidas. Espero que metan mas mapas, objetos, monstruos y trampas.
why there is no open multiplayer yet ?, Whenever I click on join game it is taking me to steam friends page where I dont have anyone who plays this game, is the complete multiplayer mode is yet to come or what ?
Really funny
just f coo ass game funny to play alone or with friends yeeeeeeeeeeeee
I sold my father
+rep Flen. O. Sten.
(Flen Oskar Sten)
rekommenderar produkten
trop sa
THEY REPOED MY ASS, I DONT HAVE AN ASS ANYMORE, HELPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP
AHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHHAHAHAHA
Remove rugrat
O jogo parece ser interessante mais eu preciso de amigos, alguem me pede add ae namoral :D
honestly, it stands out from all the other lethal company games, But.
The emoji banner / mascot thing, NEEDS to go, It seems like one of those weird lethal company knockoffs that was made in 2 hours, but it really isnt.
More fun than lethal company.
vaya juegazo solo me faltan amigos.
good for an early access game, cant wait to see updates in the future.
(received as gift)
zabuzorotii
The game is top. I would like to add more cards and monsters, I wish good luck to the developers. The game is top, I recommend buying it
nice
its soo cool just no one from my friends has it but i will wait for the multiplayer upd
God
this game is scary fun to play with friends one of the most goofiest fucking games ever
10 Euros pa jugarlo una vez me cago en la puta
HW
360
Great physics, very much real life like. I hate that there's no guarantee that you will always be able to pass a level, though. When no more loot is available and all monsters have been killed, you're literally out of options but to self destruct. But overall is a good game to play together, test, and improve your bonding with teammates.
1052185
Fun game to play but they should make it multiplayer so people all over the world can play with each other :3
love this game
i like to pickup my friends and putting em in the acid cauldron
and managed pissed em off too
-
good funny
fun
Yes
10
TamerlanPly0
yea
Polecam. Super elegancko haj. Nie pozdrawiam potwora z butami clowna. Jak nie masz to nie kupuj.
-
Velmi Hra
Good game with friends, if you have no friends. find friends.
This is an amazing game, but for gods sake please rework the mascot - it put me off playing it for a long while until my friends forced my card details and i had no choice. but all in all so much better than lethal company - you should collaborate, unless you're the same developer -_- the games are very similar
missed a hammer swing on a friend and it swung around and hit me on the head
10/10
FUN.
super duper fun
I hate that damn piano!
Great game - make sure to install Thunderstore for mods
+rep imba
)
jeu, des heures de plaisir en solo comm entre amis
it good
B.O.M.B.O.C.L.A.T
6/10
Its almost like Lethal Company, but way better.
ME. IS. STRENGTH.
c
Its really funny
10/10
so goofy and fun,
also i love roleplaying with my friends mid way throught the game that im a child in the cart
juegazo multijugador (no paro de hacerme manuelas con el emoji
es muy divertido jugar con amigos
We need Chinese
Das bessere LC.
13
hj
skibidi
rdyry
game of the year!
Mi primer vistazo del juego, por las pocas horas que he jugado, es que es un juego divertido. Aunque tenga bastantes parecidos con el lethal company, no es ni de lejos la misma y es que el dinanismo del juego es considerablemente lento comparado con el lethal. Esto provoca varias cosas como puede ser la limitada variedad de opciones al encontrarnos con un enemigo, que normalmente es el quedarse escondido; y lo poco que son los enemigos en cuanto a su funcionamiento, aunque no tanto en cuanto a Pero a pesar de esto es un juego que recomiendo, y que es divertido de jugar. al estar en una fase temprana de vida, puede recibir actualizaciones, mejoras y recibir feedback que mejore la diversion al jugar
Very goodings
Big head tried to eat me so i put a grenade in it's mouth 10/10 would do again
real cool game very good on potato PC/laptop and waiting for more updates. social credits :steamhappy:
Gunginga gunginga gunginga gungigi gunga
hell yeah
This game is such a polished and fun experience. Absolutely recommend it. The ceiling skill is magnificent and the learning curve is thoroughly enjoyable. Currently, you can only play with friends through Steam but the devs are planning to add matchmaking.
esta chulo
funy gam
itrs good but when will matchmaking/playing with randoms be made available?
360
10 10
been having a wonderful time playing with friends in this game so far. there are constant hilarious moments to the point where after every session, my throat is completely sore from laughing so much LOL. it's such a refreshing co-op horror, compared to others i have played in the same genre, with great pacing, and little to no downtime. excited to see future developments of the game.
Already had lot of fun and absolutely cracked up using the text feature while hiding.
fun to play with friends
lethal company+ its actually so fun
realy fun and a bit hard game. perfect for people who likes getting spooked.
Best game
good
Excellent tutorial. Great work.
banger
woah, 20k item!
*shatter*
woah, 2k item!
Yes, very poggers
ee
blablabla blublublu
cool :steamthumbsup:
:D
I will make you pop like that
zabavna
Tak
theres no multi player you have to play with freinds i have none that have this game
Good
-_-
10/10
ass
very funny
"Wie der Vogel der frisst?" "Meinst du den Gaier?" "[i] Leck meine fetten Eier![/i]"
I was scared until I got a baseball bat
bro this game is the G.O.A.T like damn buy this game and enjoy, just let the video game capitalism take over your wallet for this game cus this one good fr fr u can trust me.
Zajebisat zbierasz sobie na spokojne a krzyk z oddali twojego kumpla
Jogo facilmente excepto quando se joga com amigos que sabem o um vaso
Ainda assim acho uma falta de respeito eu poder colocar no meu personagem >:D
very nice game i like it!
TAMPONI TAMPONI DLYA ALONI A DLYA MENYA PROKLADKI I NAHUY NEDOSTATKI
An interesting game! U must play with many friends to have more fun.
a friendship breaking game for those who took things too seriously. 1000/10 would troll my friends again
<
5 -1/10
gooooooooooooooooooood
PLEY GEM OR DIE
Very Fun. Tax Man Scary
10 10
123
yes
fun game cant wait for the future update
kek
Tutto molto bello e simpatico, divertente ma una frustrazione continua ci sono sti cazzo di mostri che sono fortissimi quella paperella del cazzo che rompe i coglioni e poi l'interazione degli oggetti pessima
11 10
a
solo is way too evil. You stumble once and poof, hours of progress lost. Playing with friends is absolute cinema though.
funny like extreme funny
BEST FUNNY GAME THIS YEAR
Funne
Incredibile
GHBRJKMYJ
bardzo fajna gra do grania ze znajomymi
cok guzel
fun : )
tsu ka re sa
Crazy Game
really fun game to play with friends
olm la
Fun
7 hours of playing in just one day. it was very fun and i made some new friends :3
Fun af
VERY HORROR GAME OF ALL TIME VERY VERY SCREAMER JUMPSCARE LOL
good
A great again that is fun to play with friends and matches do not take much time. The thing you come across are fun and interesting challenges. I really have enjoyed play with my friends and have had a lot funny interactions while playing
GOTY
Can be super frustrating more than scary at times but as long as you have free time and friends this game beats lethal company by a long shot. You can manipulate bosses/monsters to have funny interactions and the game play loop always has you coming back for more.
10 10
My friend got picked up by an invisible entity and got dragged around the map.
My friend was shouting for help.
10/10
10 10
Menin afk 10/10
Es como un lethar company pero muchisimo mas divertido
incroyable mais il faudrait ajouter un mod random
rhenj
sda
*
10/10
fun game with friends! absolutely chaotic, but also fun!
Got r@ped by invisible pdiddy really nice experience
good
muy buen juego, es muy divertido.lo unico que le falta es poder jugar con gente sin necesidad de ser amigos de steam, no duden en comprarlo
att: maestro splinter
esfyyg
ossi meni afkille 0.5/10
Ossi meni afk 0/10
richtig geil macht echt bock
yes
bel gioco lo consiglio a tutti
fun game, very good, updates will prob make it even better
pov: lethal company
360
soundpad
moja najszczersza opinia na gre!
The only time i pay tax is to the taxman in this game
WOW
Try not to die of laughter this game give u lack of oxygen
blind man scary
fun game but save keeps deleting itself and replacing with "TEAM SEMIONEESSSS"
:)
:)
;0
11,000
This games doesn't take itself seriously and so do I. Love it
Recommended game
10 10
atmosferi fln sarancins
Very fun and love the voice chat in this game.
This game is a crease and genuinely more scary than I thought
very fun horror game, very funny when played with friends and it isnt that expensive. i recommend
10/10
Incredible game! Offers an infinite amount of fun yet at the same time frustriating when you die because you've grown so attached to your run. Great game!
super fun and hilarious, makes for great bonding and funny moments
super funny
Best horror game for mobs, the most dangerous place is the shop, be careful don't bring your friends there!
It's a fun game.
Soundpad
Une dinguerie
super grappig en de game karakters oook echt een aanbeveler
p info manusia yang mau mabar
goty
pushed a friend off a cliff, pushed a friend into big head, pushed a friend into big sucking machine
10/10
jo is gut :D
absolutely the most fun i have had had in a minute
this game so fun developer if you read this you made one of the best games in history i hope all the updates make the game better this game is good for me and my friends pls update soon (:
?
bir oyun bug glitch yok kadar 5 dolarda ucuz 200 tl gibi iyi
10 360 10
Peak game, when multiplayer?
Fun to play, I love this game. but the pricing system for items and equipment becomes disproportionately demanding as players progress. With exponentially increasing enemy numbers and combat intensity, weapon dependency grows critical - yet energy costs become prohibitively high precisely when needed most. Also the single charging drone wouldn't be able to keep up with the charging demands of a game.
Although this scarcity effectively maintains gameplay tension, it inadvertently undermines strategic collaboration in later levels. Specifically, when teams need to coordinate large cargo transportation.
REPO is a game kind of like lethal company but also massively different
You are a drone for a ominous man who only talks in emoji's people said this makes the game look like a meme and its bad. I like it its like you go into a haunted house for some guy who is literally only talking in emoji's. Now as the drone you as the name suggest you steal items and sell them for money! thats about it!
In almost all of my 11 hours of playing i have had a blast (the only time i wasn't was when i was waiting to get revived)
- first things first
THERE IS NO TIME LIMIT! Unlike in lethal company where you have to run in run out in order to not get timed out. You get to spend all your time actually being scared. Some enemies interact with voice chat too so you have moments where you sit there trying to be as silent as possible.
- second thing
Everything is physics driven! Objects monsters you can beat monsters up with objects monsters can beat you up with objects! Its great fun you can smash the objects and cause them to lose value which pushes you into being more carefull but also afraid a monster will show up behind you.
- Some smaller things
This game is FUNNY as hell even with my friends who are often locked in and just try to beat the game accidentally pull the most funny things by accident.
You can also revive each other! Unlike in lethal company where if you die you have to sit back for the entire round.
- Modding!
This game like very recently became popular and there's already mods for servers, Increased player count, Configs, Customisation, There even is a BASE for making monsters already.
So this game will hopefully get allot of content through modding too later on!
Now some negative things
- Singleplayer is very difficult!
Repo has singleplayer support but singleplay is SUPER difficult. Not having a friend to back you up when you die makes this game a punishing experience as everything does a ton of damage and is meant to kill you in one or two hits. This isn't a SUPER bad thing its just something you should be aware of when playing
(Though there is a mod that adds in servers so if you lack friends maybe try that out? I haven't tried it myself)
- Running out of loot!
A negative to everything being destroyable is the fact you can sometimes destroy so much that it will be immensely difficult to gather enough wealth to extract. This issue is more apparent the higher level you go then in the lower levels. It basically means that if you destroy valuable objects one too many times you will be stuck gathering tiny items until you can extract.
- Some monsters are slightly annoying?
There are certain monsters that can be annoying or tedious to deal with. But the modding community has already made a mod to disable set monsters so you can probably just install those if it gets too tedious. So no complaints from me there but just making you aware!
WORTH IT
I LOVE CHUCK E CHEESE, IM THERE EVERYDAY
See enemy, can't talk because you gonna die if he hears you. Comes friend with blasting music through mic *dies*
Chill
Its very funny with the chat voice
10/10 Game, pretty funny actually. I hope the devs dont let it die of success.
This game is great fun, I was able to smash almost every ruby, gem, ring and expensive item for my team mates and then hide and not tell them monsters were behind them. I believe the developers are on to this and updating frequently, so for now I will ride the wave.
theres like 4 monsters
Super fun gameplay!
It's a mix of "moving out" style furniture hauling and "Lethal company" style abominations. They got a mid-round revive system that helps dead players not stay locked out for so long and lot's of funny physics interactions. Sadly no meta-progression, but that's somehow common for such games.
This game is fun to play with friends
locura de juego
ist halt witzig
top
jeux avec des amies
8/10
JBL
A-mazing
the best game ever dont delet it
bomba
Gran juego para jugar con amigos que les guste dejarte morir solo xD
Gran juego para traicionar a tus amigos y hacer que los maten despiadada mente
Gran juego para reirte mas de lo que te vaz a asustar
Gran juego para Codiciosos compulsivos xD
Gran juego para instalarle mods al INFINITOOOOOO
Its a very fun and scary game. a little challenging once you get to the later levels but worth giving it a go.
Best game so far. 100% recomended. It is cheap and very fun. 100X better multiplayer. Funny because the voice fades and comes back
REALLY GOOD!
muy entretenido y divertido
kedvenc
Trop bien
10 10,
5 5
5 5
10 10
Yes
Polecam, jak mnie chce a to teammate
HOURGLASS MAKE FUNNY VOICE
Doom >:D
Me and my 2 friends drowned a baby 11/10 highly recommend
360
Uffff juego eh. Solo falta platinarlo, hasta que lo agreguen. Jueguenlo con mas personas, asi es mejor.
TROP GENIAL ET DROLE
This is my favorite coop game of all times actually you guys are really good in making such a great and fun game thx for all.
(There are legends that R.E.P.O is a Horror but we all know that it is a soundpad simulator)
-
10 10
me and my 2 friends drowned a baby 11/10
good game
BUGGG IN MY COMPUTER
funy gaem
This game is so damn good, especially for it to be early access. It's an absolute blast with friends with moments that will leave you dying of laughter, 10/10 cannot wait for more content and public servers soon :)
i got jumped by a blind guy with a shotgun, a robed woman, a rubber duck, and a 6-legged flesh mass. highly recommend.
The most fun ive had on any game in a LONG time.
there was a man with a fucking shtogun and my friend was behind me. and he screamed the n-word so freaking loud that the shotgun man shot me but not my racist ah friend 10/10
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Ich danke der Person die mir dieses grandiose spiel geschenkt hat, aber bitte kuck mich nicht so an wenn ein Monster 2 Meter weg ist.
Danke
11/10
its fun as fuck
10/10 funniest game ive played in a long time the voice chat and tts is the best thing about it.
is good and fun
great game, but horrifying for me without friends, 20/10 even while still in beta, and I can't wait for it to be fully released and polished
this game is so good something that is this simple has no right to be this good and has a better tts system then most companies
ive only played 3 hours on the game and i LOVE it its great! BEST GAME
while playing repo my friends would all ways chase me while saying they would make me goon then i ran into a big clown looking thing and they all died 9/11 game
my bitch so bad, she can't even go outside, My bitch so bad, she can't even post online
10/10
It has been nothing short of good laughs and great times with friends. I love that the creators are so interested in what their community have to say, offer, ask, and share with them. The creators for sure seem like they really care about the game and it's community which I feel a lot of games have been missing for a while now. Especially in the latest video post by the creators talking about the cosmetics they want to bring into the game and how they emphasized that they will be free. Finally no Pay for this skin BS or Gatcha games to get a skin or cosmetic that you know you'll end up having to pay for everything to attain anyways. I look forward to seeing the positive future this game has ahead of it and glad to be along for the ride. Enjoying every second of it 100%.
Selten so viel gehabt und das sehr wenig Geld.
Amazing Game! I have been playing this Game for a little bit now and i have had no other game that made me laugh THIS much. Worth the Money!
needs multiplayer without invites
friends offline :(
very fun and cool with friends, and doesn't require much storage or operating power, would reccomend.
My name is Walter Hartwell White. I live at 308 Negra Arroyo Lane, Albuquerque, New Mexico, 87104. This is my confession. If you're watching this tape, I'm probably dead, murdered by my brother-in-law Hank Schrader. Hank has been building a meth empire for over a year now and using me as his chemist. Shortly after my 50th birthday, Hank came to me with a rather, shocking proposition. He asked that I use my chemistry knowledge to cook methamphetamine, which he would then sell using his connections in the drug world. Connections that he made through his career with the DEA. I was. astounded, I. I always thought that Hank was a very moral man and I was. thrown, confused, but I was also particularly vulnerable at the time, something he knew and took advantage of. I was reeling from a cancer diagnosis that was poised to bankrupt my family. Hank took me on a ride along, and showed me just how much money even a small meth operation could make. And I was weak. I didn't want my family to go into financial ruin so I agreed. Every day, I think back at that moment with regret. I quickly realized that I was in way over my head, and Hank had a partner, a man named Gustavo Fring, a businessman. Hank essentially sold me into servitude to this man, and when I tried to quit, Fring threatened my family. I didn't know where to turn.
Eventually, Hank and Fring had a falling out. From what I can gather, Hank was always pushing for a greater share of the business, to which Fring flatly refused to give him, and things escalated. Fring was able to arrange, uh I guess I guess you call it a "hit" on my brother-in-law, and failed, but Hank was seriously injured, and I wound up paying his medical bills which amounted to a little over $177,000. Upon recovery, Hank was bent on revenge, working with a man named Hector Salamanca, he plotted to kill Fring, and did so. In fact, the bomb that he used was built by me, and he gave me no option in it. I have often contemplated suicide, but I'm a coward. I wanted to go to the police, but I was frightened. Hank had risen in the ranks to become the head of the Albuquerque DEA, and about that time, to keep me in line, he took my children from me. For 3 months he kept them. My wife, who up until that point, had no idea of my criminal activities, was horrified to learn what I had done, why Hank had taken our children. We were scared. I was in Hell, I hated myself for what I had brought upon my family. Recently, I tried once again to quit, to end this nightmare, and in response, he gave me this. I can't take this anymore. I live in fear every day that Hank will kill me, or worse, hurt my family. I. All I could think to do was to make this video in hope that the world will finally see this man, for what he really is.
my friends keep fucking tossing me in the fucking pits.
I got kidnapped by an invisible man and he touched me in places I did not know that could be touched.
VERY GOOD GAME AND VERY VERY FUN
I very like it when i play with my friends and its enjoying.
The graphics is not the best but very good and perfomance its very very good its better perfomance then any other games
10/10 better than Lethal Company
Pls change the mascot.
This is by far one of the best multiplayer horror games there are, I do sort of wish that there was a pvp mode though, because the pvp part is so much fun.
JBL
Juegazo, super divertido :D
i have died hundreds of times, could not be happier!
10 10.
First decent laugh I've had in months! Thanks guys <3
Play with my girlfriend and she absolutely loves it, and so do I
iha vitun sigma peli
Playing alone = Horror
Playing with friends = Horror with comedy
Ling gang guli guli guuuuli wata ling gang guuu ling gang guuuu.
This game is really good but it needs public servers or Matchmaking.
This game is extremely fun with friends
W friendslop
Boring and not scary. Kinda funny to mess around with friends but you could say that about any random crappy multiplayer game.
hella fun
babboey pop out at 1 am in the morning my name jeff bruh i like turtles fireing my laser
I goon to this game daily
du willst dann brauchst du freunde LOL
360
50
Fetty Wap lads
very fun with friends
best horror team game ever
goat game
Tralaleila Tralala
funny
I grabbed a vase just to break it because I got jumpscared and later on witnessed all of my friends dying one by one to a clown, an alien, and an enderman from Temu. Great time, great game, good fun and not traumatizing at all. 10/10 would R.E.P.O again.
+ 0
RAAAAAAA
silly goofy little game :P ;D
3
streamer game
hao
SOUNDPAD
exelente para pasar un buen rato con amigos y las risas y los sustos nunca faltan :D
Big shout out to Malvin Studios. forever.
Love this game. Played for 4 hours straight last night with my friends.
Two complaints though. Some monsters/enemies are completely silent and are extremely deadly at the same time. So very often you just turn a corner and the monster is there and kills you in one hit or two. The second problem is that some items can be EXTREMELY fragile to the point where you drop an item from 1 pixel off the floor and it breaks, or you drag an item on the floor and there's a slight bump and it loses a third of its value. Or when you're dragging it on a smooth floor and your pinky toe touches it and it shatters to pieces.
I still highly recommend it though. Way more fun than frustration.
Yes
25
this is game is great with friends
Hilarious and terrifying at the same time
No confien en nadie
Great fun playing with friends, feels almost like scooby doo
Esta buenaso
this game is great, with friends that is, you die real easy which is funny with friends because you don't lose instantaneous, but alone it is just like "ohh. my progress." i don't know if it is my sound settings or that the monsters just don't make any sound, because i see my death before the monster.
i wish there would be a one time revive for the singleplayer, so it felt different and not just extra hard mode.
no public servers and the monsters are unfare i can deal with the blind one but not the giant head or the stupit black blob withe a mask that tickles you to death
S1mple
amazing game gives lots of laughs, i hate horrors but love playing this with my friends i recommend ten times over worth every cent
I feel like this game is a great multiplayer game! It is definitely fun to play with friends, but not as fun to play by yourself. The animations of the bots that you play as are great, and even better with the proximity chat.
-
# *R.E.P.O A Hidden Gem of Dark Comedy and Tactical Action*
*Verdict: 9/10 A Clever Mix of Strategy, Chaos, and Capitalism Gone Wrong*
Ever wondered what would happen if *Ghostbusters*, corporate greed, and a touch of *H.P. Lovecraft* were thrown into a blender? *R.E.P.O* delivers just uniquely twisted, darkly comedic tactical experience where you don the suit of a ruthless repo agent well, just say *questionable* assets from even *more* questionable clients.
# *Gameplay Strategy Meets Shenanigans*
At its core, *R.E.P.O* is a blend of strategy and action. You manage a squad of repo agents tasked with reclaiming overdue never as simple as knocking on a door. Your often range from desperate civilians to creatures that *should not exist*, and getting the job done requires a mix of stealth, force, and sometimes outright destruction.
The game shines in its *adaptive you choose to sneak in and grab the goods quietly or kick down the door with your squad, every mission feels fresh and unpredictable. And when things go south (which they *will*), the frantic combat, destructible environments, and sheer absurdity make for some of the most chaotic fun had in a strategy game.
# *Presentation Gritty, Grim, and Hilarious*
*R.E.P.O* take itself too seriously, and a good thing. The dark, dystopian world is dripping with personality, blending eerie backdrops with corporate satire. The voice lines, client reactions, and in-game ads add to the absurd face it, nothing screams like forcibly reclaiming *soul-bound refrigerator*.
Visually, the game embraces a grimy, semi-retro aesthetic that fits perfectly with its theme. The lighting, effects, and environmental details do a great job of keeping things immersive, while the UI is clean and functional.
# *What Makes It Special?*
✅ *Unique Concept* Who knew repo work could be this entertaining?
✅ *Freedom of Playstyle* Stealthy extractions or full-blown mayhem? You decide.
✅ *Hilarious Writing* The world is absurd, and *R.E.P.O* leans into it brilliantly.
✅ *Replayability* Randomized missions, multiple approaches, and tons of content.
# *Minor Drawbacks*
❌ *Difficulty Spikes* Some missions can feel brutal, especially if you go in unprepared.
❌ *AI Quirks* Occasionally, teammates or enemies act a *special*.
# *Final Thoughts*
*R.E.P.O* is one of those games that sneaks up on you with its charm, then refuses to let go. The mix of strategy, action, and humor makes it a standout experience, especially for fans of tactical games with personality. If looking for something fresh, weird, and endlessly entertaining, this game is *absolutely* worth your time.
*Final Score: 9/10* *Repo work has never been this fun (or this morally questionable).*
-
nah olvidate, recomendadisimo para jugar con amigos
requisitos? una patata y unos simios que puedas considerar amigos
las risas son el pan de cada partida
i got 200 pumped by the huntsman
very good game
r.e.p.o is so much fun especially when you play with friends! it's silly & nerve-racking combined into one game! also, it makes me happy to see that semiworks studio are so passionate about their games! you guys are doing awesome, keep it up & i can't wait to see what comes next :3
fun game
11 10
Made my friends terrified of dolls
good funny
its very good but i want them to add a button that say find random lobby
its a funny game
Its fun but really glitchy and a lot of broken mechanics. Great buy with friends but simply wont suggest until its more stable and not so broken
best game in a while lol
fun
It is very fun with friends to play, i love the game and would like to see future updates.
too much fun with friends
Please reward this comment. I still have 3000 points left to buy those slut avatars and backgrounds. Give me thumbs up, and you will grow 3cm. Reward this and you will grow 30cm.
"I FEEL THE POWER!" proceeds to get lasered in half by the wand
Never had laughed so much with some friends in a game before. Lately I felt despressed and the feelling of a burnout but after playing this it sure lighten up my day. For an early acces game I did not experience bugs so far and so far everything seems mostly a smooth gameplay experience and imo one of its best in its genre of "lethal company" kinda games.
jogo de qualidade,recomendo fortemente!
Repo Reaper
fye
good and fyun
eh, it's ok, just have friends who will actually mess around instead of those serious players who only focus on the objective and not live a little
Its a very nice game, funny to play with friends and I recomend you to play it
Lethal Company if you could fight back. Can't wait till they add more content. Also characters are very silly
w game
silly game
fresh
i cry you cry we all cry and die of laughter
blah blah blah
game very good u robot get money get rich fight monsters or hide like a baby idk game fire tho
epicka gra bardzo ja lubie
its a really good game but no matchmaking
This game is extremly fun espessialy when played with more than 3 players.
Points of improve:
- More variety of items
- Improved camera and graphic settings
It is similar to Lethal Company, focusing on collecting items. You get upgrades and items from an shop like content warning, and you must be careful with items, as they lose value every time they get damaged. :3
hahahahahaha EMOJI
I farted and that uncle shot me ;)
ESENCIA
it is very fun and also challenging
Muy divertido para jugar con amigos, el es de 6 entonces me mucho con el el chat de proximidad y la inteligencia de los enemigos, pasa de todo, lo que no me gusta es que no tiene soporte de control, pero nada grave igual y en el futuro lo agregan
si
Better than little company
Peak Gaming - Especially With Friends
Best $10 ive ever spent
lingan gyli
MAX OUT STRENGTH
JBL
Watched my friends pulverize an infant
THIS IS SO FUN LMAO. PLAY WITH 1 FRIEND, TWO FRIEND, RED FRIEND, BLUE FRIEND, GREAT TIME :)
R.E.P.O.:
R.E.P.O. -
R.E.P.O.
R.E.P.O.
R.E.P.O.
R.E.P.O. -
R.E.P.O.:
R.E.P.O.:
6/10.
Great game with friends! Buyer beware-if you have dogs that play with each other, a loud area, you might have a rough time here and there!
very fun and funny. enjoyed thoroughly. what silly little guys these are.
GOOD BUY NOW
Worst game thumbnail ever. It doesn't give a remote hint of what the game actually is or what the feel is. Great game, fun with friends, spooky only if alone.
10 10
3
JBL
Very fun to play with friends
holy shit
its fun!
Me encanta escuchar a los perros a traves del micro de la gente. Xfa no lo cambien
best way to use zero grav when doing the king of the losers 100%
its a great game where you could literally getgobbled up by a floating head
Just FUN!
Every time we get to the shop my friends decide its the royal rumble.
6
I love blaming my friends when we don't make enough money
combines the best things about lethal company + content warning into one
repo repo repo repo
its a really fun game to play with others and to have some fun
Goty, cagadas de risa aseguradas
big penis
funni game :P
good gam
/
emoji mascot needs to go its pretty stupid it has nothing to do with the game. also ADD FUCKIN PUBLIC LOBBIES
Such a fun game, especially with friends. I highly recommend playing it.
Super fun game, great to play with friends. I'm really excited to see what more they plan to add to it!
Awesomeeeeee!
yes daddy
fun
leet
perfect game get the emoji off the branding tho
This game just coppied GOTY
tuff
zxc
juego feo
So fun and hilarious and STRESSFUL at the same time! Amazing for friends
peak
marmok
Great game
AMazingly veiny
daora
)
muy divertido con amigos
11 10
super fun, more enjoyable than lethal company in my opinion.
fun yet scary
GOOD
I WANT A REPO PLUSH I WANT A REPO PLUSH I WANT A REPO PLUSH I WANT A REPO PLUSH I WANT A REPO PLUSH I WANT A REPO PLUSH I WANT A REPO PLUSH I WANT A REPO PLUSH I WANT A REPO PLUSH I WANT A REPO PLUSH I WANT A REPO PLUSH I WANT A REPO PLUSH I WANT A REPO PLUSH I WANT A REPO PLUSH I WANT A REPO PLUSH I WANT A REPO PLUSH I WANT A REPO PLUSH I WANT A REPO PLUSH I WANT A REPO PLUSH I WANT A REPO PLUSH I WANT A REPO PLUSH I WANT A REPO PLUSH I WANT A REPO PLUSH I WANT A REPO PLUSH I WANT A REPO PLUSH I WANT A REPO PLUSH I WANT A REPO PLUSH I WANT A REPO PLUSH
NECECITO AYUDA
El juego esta muy bueno y todo, pero con mis amigos tenemso eco al hablar en el juego, como podemos solucionarlo. solo nos pasa en el juego, no en discord o algo parecido
awesome game, loved every minute
The next Lethal Company
Lethal company 1 Lethal company 2 Lethal company version spirited away 3
-
This game looks like it could be a fun game. Sadly it's missing the most basic accessibility feature of all, the invert mouse Y feature. And that makes it unplayable. I'll revisit this review if and when that feature is added.
For those who saw the clown awards and actually want some relevant humor:
Gra jest do zabawy ze znajomymi. Jest tu strasznie Zbieracie sobie hajs, a tu przychodzi i zabiera wam z rzeczami. Albo ludzika podchodzicie bo a on was zaczyna i Jest poje.b. On ze spierd.ala. Wtedy go i o jak zabijemy to orby z niego ziomka w ziomka. w niego granatami, albo go w kiblu. zabawa.
silly
So much Sawsig!
the silly
One of the funniest games ever
laughing for 3 hours straight hurts
when i saw the emoji i thought it was a stupid game so i decided to look into it and oh i was so wrong. this game is SO FIRE. doesn't matter what you listen to, doesn't matter who you play with, this shit will always be fire
Great game, amazing laughs, tense screams, and big depression when you fail. ;)
funny game I hit people and got scared then killed my voice but very fun I liked it!
I love this game. It's so much fun
$10 bucks is well worth the laughs I've gotten playing this game. I've spent more on games that were way more boring. Obviously the more friends you have in game the better it gets. Highly recommended.
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
soundpad
Game is very enjoyable i wish there was more to do as a solo. the game is very fun in the multiplayer aspect i think a quick match would be good for the game. also some kind of character leveling/customizations
goofy lethal company game thats very funny with firends kinda boring alone
This game is so much fun. It's so refreshing to see a developer that actually cares about the product they put out. Such a fun chill game to play with friends, tons of laughs. Keep up the good work guys!
10 10
R.E.P.O. stands for Really Epic Pants Origami. Thank you for coming to my ted talk.
yes,play
MY friend bought this 1 for me,nice game
After a thorough analysis of the game's environment (barren wasteland) and gameplay loop (just straight-up robbery), I can safely conclude that R.E.P.O most certainly takes place somewhere in Eastern Europe.
This is like a combination of lethal company, visuals of Luigi's mansion, and physics. and boy, it is so fun!
i love it although the one tip i do have is don't spoil it with recordings of the monsters, or whatnot.
but as of right now (early access version) there is no matchmaking. so you need friends to buy the game and play it with you.
specifically only works with steam friends, so if you haven't added your steam friends then it wont work
(as of 22nd of march 2025)
chevere vacano
Ignore the games banner, did you enjoy lethal? Then get this game!
sim
10 10
REPO GO
This is the most fun i've had in a while with a multiplayer game. Absolutely hilarious and worth every penny!
This game can be terrifying and also funny as hell. I love it and want to see more of it.
yes funyn
Juegazo, siempre esta el amigo pelotudo que rompe los jarrones (yo)
So imagine your buddy needs your help moving from his 3 story apt. On the top 3rd floor he keeps his 26,000 lb server and needs your help without dinging the walls. While your attempting to do this in a drunken state a blind man with a shotgun comes out of the shadows screaming about nothing. Before you can react a blast of light and you see your Canadian compadre's head pop off like a cork.
Of course as your friend you do the right thing and wait till he wanders off in search of blood, so you take the top of your friends head and toss him in the bin. You cart him and inch by inch onto the hand truck and finish the move.just as you look down and see your midget friend hiding in a trash can whisping run and a demonic woman comes screaming running at you with knives embedded in her hands.
Living in Oakland is rough.
the games pretty fun too.
The games pretty fun too.
bought this game to play with friends, very fun and scary if you not aware, killing your friends in shop is the best part and you are not penalized, give it a 10/10 for fun and strategizing with out trying to break stuff
you get to have hilarious moments with friends & you get to repo items, worth it
i dont get the appeal
very fun :3
this game is so much more fun than i thought it was going to be
goodgood
uhhh good game do recommend if you like games
my friend is a a hole
beep beep milf detected beep beep
The game is absolutely amazing and probably the only 4-6 person proximity chat game that comes close to the joy that Lethal Company gave me. The physics are so fun to mess with and trying to carefully walk around without dying while also ensuring that you don't destroy the items that you're holding is so fun. The only gripe I have is that they REALLY need to change that emoji mascot because when I first saw it on the shop, I genuinely thought I was looking at one of those shitty roblox horror games where a giant face is chasing you.
AHHH HAH HHA HAH HAH AH AH HAH A AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH JJEA YGDFYUSADFGVSY LONGER BLACKER BIGGER
- - -
SoundPad, 9 10
cool game
I hate the blind man
better lethal
Funny and entertaining
I hope this game doesn't turn out like content warning and just stop updating for some reason.
picture this, i was just revived and my friends are hiding, i start talking then notice them hiding so i loudly say "What" then get my brains blasted out by the same guy who kill me the first time, then i get revived again and just start walking when he shows up and blasts a hole in my dick
mui bueno
100% Recomendado, las risas nunca faltan xddd
this game is really fun you get it all looting survival and monsters in game proxy chat and text chat is funny even when you play solo it can be fun/intense
Robot Beans :D
"They're friendly!" (explodes)
Buenardo juego, esperando con ansias contenido y la de mods!
PD: Puedes matar algunos monstruos si usas bien la cabeza, busca info y aparenta ser un proaso en vez de correr nada escuches ruido raro xD
mmm, funny
10/10
Goog
turned me gay 10/10
funny and scary
i got touched
Lo que quiere pa eso
25
11/10
Lovely concept and very fun game to play with friends, but some parts/features of the game can be a bit frustrating at times. some enemies are super mundane and others can end a run in a snap. and sometimes ive had just way too many monsters, somtimes of the same type, out in the levels on like level 2. With that said tho this game is still a blast to play
small baby took my clock and wouldnt give it back and then threw stuff at me.
10/10
"AHHHHHHHH CORRE QLIAOO"
"P'ta pero no rompas el jarron"
"PERO AMIGO deja de romper jarrones"
"No llegamos con la plata."
Take Lethal Company, then add:
-2 more player slots
-goofy G-Mod physics
And you got R.E.P.O.
funny
i love repo
so gooooood~
Great to play with friends! Both silly and scary, my friends and I either can't stop laughing or are absolutely terrified in each match and I absolutely love it.
Really fun, great way to goof around with friends!
UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
Game is a TON of fun with friends. The eye programming on the robots is genius. Awesome monsters and items.
BUT, unfortunately like most games similar in style, NEED to update fast to stay relevant. I understand the game just came out but it's a hard truth that games like this die in approximately a few weeks. I'd much prefer small updates with maybe a few new items, than a HUGE update that comes out every few months.
Overall, I love this game. It's probably the most fun I've had playing games with friends in YEARS. I know it's a small company who made this game and I congratulate y'all so much! BUT customers are unfortunately stubborn and impatient.
fun and funny
juegazo para jugar con amigos, ya denle el GOTY
This game is so fun. I was playing this with my bros to stream and with the handicap of using a logitech k400 plus and it was still really really fun and well worth it. dudes if you haven't played this you absolutely should it is genuinely so fun. play the game and with friends
amen
c 10 10
LOVE IT! GREAT GAME! CANT WAIT TO SEE MORE!
v good game
funny
good game. i love this game. it is so funny and scary at the same time. its fun with friends and its better than lethal company in my opinion.
Very fun to play with friends
fun game but dont buy if youre lonely there arent public servers quite yet
Muito bom pra jogar com os amigos maravilha
Funny but horror
so you re the po
Great Game fun and scary
I LOVE THIS GAMEEEEEEEEEE ITS SOOOOOOOO GOOD
llevava una tasita verde y derepente me agarro un fantasma que iba jadeando exitadamente y me dejo al otro lado del mapa.
el mejor juego :D
good
good
such a fun game! i love how you can kill your teammates and continue the game. One time i accidentally killed them all and i had to revive them all alone by myself. it was much scarier alone but i knew my dead teammates believed in me so i kept going! I broke a few items, like around 40k worth, but that's just because i got unlucky! I was able to bring them all back and we all had a blast that round.
My boyfriend died on me at the start of each game and left me to do it myself. First time he got lazerd by a flesh man, second time I heard him beg for his life before being shot by an old man with a shotgun who then proceeded to hover over me for about 20 seconds as I hid in a corner terrified. I loved it! 10/10 experience, many goofs were had.
DISCLAIMER: Bussypuncher Productions would like to legally inform you that no Dr Pyros where actually harmed during the making of this Review.
Funny
2-3 18
Alejo rompes todo BOT
very fun and it made me goon each time i got scared
fun
Buen juego
RECOMENDO, JOGO PHODA
GOATED GAME
worth the money and fun as heck
It is fun sometimes but my friends aren't very nice to me when i play with them. Overall it is fun if you play with good people. Friendly fire is on which makes it not very fun for me because my friends just knock me over a lot and pick me up.
l
Very fun game to play with friends
Anxiety is high with this one, stay on guard, they are everywhere, even when you least expect them, if you have to sacrifice someone to stay alive, do as you must, we may be a team, but we don't have to die together lol
goty
la wea wena
fun as hell! with friends its a blasted
great game its worth the 14.50
pretty good
Its a good game that you can play with friends.
10 10
This game 10/10. Spent hours in just typing random messages giggling like kids again. It is an absolute treasure.
100/10
das ist gut
Muy xd
2025
i fw the emoji
Funniest game you'll play friends. Especially when they have perfectly cut screams XDDDDD
10/10 game
Would recommend for the fun stupidity
w game fr, can't stop playing and watching it!
Very fun. Like that it is more than 4 players
took me and hour to figure out how to get to the next level ( couldnt find the drive button)
yes
bla bla bla
ble ble ble
blu blu blu
HA
blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu
lu lu lu
lin gan guli guli guli wata lin gan goo lin gan goo, lin gan guli guli guli wata lin gan goo lin gan goo
lin gan guli guli guli wata lin gan goo lin gan goo, lin gan guli guli guli wata lin gan goo lin gan goo
funny game
fun
Fun silly little game to play with friends. Currently still a little buggy but not bad enough to be a problem.
ver fun i fluished my friedn mukltilated corpse down toilet
beanis
LOVE THE DIVERSITY
I've never laughed this hard with my friends while playing a game before
FUCKING HEADMAN
melhor jogo pra se jogar com seus manos
it is a fun!
muy bueno, se nota que tiene futuro, compralo
Si o si un juego para pasar el tiempo con amistades intentando no morir del susto o de la risa, recomendado
yes
better lethal company
A good time for friends and family. Comical, easy to understand, and even scary at times.
FUnny
Juegazo
GOTY
Xantares en ufak seste 360 no scope amk
this game grabbed me in a way lethal company did not. There's so much more potential for comedy when you start involving physics. Yeah, sure there are monsters, and yeah they're not *that* scary. But the tension you feel when all of your friends have died and you need more money before you can leave is so real. Also the way that you can instead spend the money you could have gotten by smashing a monster with a vase or something that you wanted to sell is real too. When you accidentally torch your friend to death by grabbing the wrong part of a flamethrower will never not be funny. It's the way that you aren't managing resources, you're trying to be quick and efficient without dying or breaking shit. The gameplay loop is incredibly satisfying. highly recommend if you have friends.
Love this game
I LIKE HOW IT JUST A FUN GAME NO BATTLE PASS OR STUFF LIKE THAT ITS JUST GOOD
GoOg
just a really fun game
good game very scary
GG GOOD GAME
BEST GAME EVER TO PLAY WITH FRIEND I BEEN LAUGHING SO MUCH
The simplicity of this game, along with the weird scary vibes the entire time is absolutely worth it! Grab this game, its hilariously fun!
prendase otro prendase otro
e
wetwserfsersaersert
Hace rato que no juego algo tan divertido, recomendadisimo con amigos. Solo no lo probe pero dudo que sea divertido.
congratulations semiwork two excellent games R.E.P.O and voidigo.I love you guys <3
R.E.P.O. El terror cooperativo que estabas esperando
Si eres amante del horror y buscas una experiencia cooperativa realmente inmersiva, R.E.P.O. es el juego que NECESITAS probar. Desde su lanzamiento, este ha revolucionado el con su opresiva, innovadoras y un nivel de que te sin aliento.
O MUERTE
no hay lugar para solitarios. En R.E.P.O., el trabajo en equipo lo es TODO. Junto a tus amigos, recuperar objetos en entornos oscuros y peligrosos, mientras amenazas desconocidas acechan en las sombras. La y la estrategia la diferencia entre el y un final aterrador.
INIGUALABLE
Los escenarios de R.E.P.O. para sumergirte en un mundo de terror puro. Pasillos oscuros, sonidos inquietantes y la constante de que algo (o alguien) te observando. La es REAL y cada partida se convierte en una experiencia y estremecedora.
[21:59]
ENTIDADES LETALES E IMPREDECIBLES
Este no es un juego de terror convencional. R.E.P.O. presenta amenazas inteligentes y que no siguen patrones predecibles. No confiar en la rutina ni relajarte, porque cada un diferente y aterrador.
REALISTAS Y UNA JUGABILIDAD QUE ATRAPA
Manipular objetos en R.E.P.O. no es un simple clic, sino una experiencia completamente realista que aumenta la y el Cada movimiento cuenta, y cualquier error puede ser la diferencia entre sobrevivir o desaparecer en la oscuridad.
DEBES JUGARLO?
Terror cooperativo en su
y sonido que te sumergen en una pesadilla.
Partidas llenas de y
Un futuro prometedor con contenido en camino.
Si te gustan juegos como Phasmophobia o Lethal Company, R.E.P.O. se en tu nueva esperes y a esta experiencia aterradora con tus amigos!
Dale me gusta si te jugar R.E.P.O. esta si te atreves.
gud game
great game
yes
AMAZING GAME
flint and steel
FUCK MONSTER
1231
LUIS COMPRA EL R.E.P.O NO TENGO AMIGOS PARA JUGARLO CON ALGUIEN MAS LUIS COMPRARLO
sigma
great game
I don't really get the appeal of games like this.
The controls are annoying, items break incredibly easily (to the point where often times simply picking something up causes it to instantly shatter, or items randomly taking damage from sitting on the floor, and sometimes items I have grabbed just freak out and smash themselves into the floor), enemies can stun-lock me, Enemies will often camp the same spot/choke point; making progressing sometimes impossible without taking heaps of damage, I have soo little stamina that I can't run from the enemy for long enough to find decent cover before taking damage which often ends up with the aforementioned stun-lock until death. If my friends all die I then may have to spend the next 20-30 mins creeping around the facility to gather resources to bring them back, which is frustrating when the loot keeps randomly shattering and the enemies are camping in the corridors.
I guess it'd be less frustrating if you don't care about having a full team wipe and starting over again every couple of missions, but if you don't like bashing your head against a wall and repeating the same first few starting missions then it all comes together to make an incredibly infuriating experience riddled with cheap deaths and annoying BS.
I guess I'm just not the right kind of player for this game.
i like when the little robots headbutt eachother
fun game
mui bueno
honestly one of the funnier scary games i have played the robots are the best!
Good.
this game is very good and fun to play with friends the more friends the better
10/10
10/10 would repo again
jogo muito bom
juegon
30
amazing game with friends! super funny. if you like games such as lethal company or content warning, this is a good one.
50 horas de juego, noche maxima 14. ta bueno
RIde wife. Life gud. Wife fight back. Kill wife. Regret.
dame seso
beepo
game is extremely fun to play with friends and challenging
its cool
YOUR FRIENDS ARE ASSHOLES
One of the most fun games ive played in a long time great with friends
jk
an absolute comedic treasure
My friend has been running me over with the stupid cart the whole time. I got my revenge when I saw the pit of agony. In a desperate attempt. I grabbed an item, stunned him, and chucked him into the pit.
juegazo
Best Lethal Company-like game since Lethal Company.
friend go boom
a good laugh
ignore the laughing emoji, this game is actually so peak
This game has it's highlights but is a worse version of Lethal Company. Without a day cycle even when you collect enough money for the Tax man and die. The run is over no matter what. It's a much harder game playing solo and you need to be a certain strength level to lift some items early on to clear the level, but you will be too weak. So you will be capped on money (level 3-5) The Old man with the gun is too strong and hits for 100. He can prefire a corner and wipe a teammate. As well as shooting through doors when his gun sticks past it. He is a run killer.
The upsides, the talking in lobby, the talk to text, gulag system, colors of characters, enemies designs, random item debuffs, and character animations are all great. This game as a lot of charm to it,
This game needs some tuning or just straight up removal of some enemies. Also add a multiday cycle for each level so the run isn't over to b.s. Thanks.
cool
Why is there online people in it can we just play with random peoples?
White always wins because natural superiority but black always falls short because they are stupid monkeys. Pick white its right don't pick black or else it'll fight back
my sister my brother and my brothers girlfriend fed me to a monster cuz i wouldnt stop causing a mess in the shop and being a dingus
good game. blast fetty wap
Unbelievably boring. Die once to some random BS and you don't get another life. Not fun.
its good
W and a half. 12/10
bom demaisssze
dont touch the duck
gud
Can't even refund this game funny
holy shit yes!
Bingud
If you like Lethal Company you'll love this game
Funny AF, good game haha
I cannot express how insanely fun REPO is.
I damn near say it's better than content warning and lethal company combined. When Adding those two formulas together. You get the funniest and one of the most fun games there is right now with friends.
Only downside is no public matchmaking but a mod fixes that easily. I have yet to get bored of this game and it's something where you need your friends for and you will have a great time.
yess
Here I will leave this beautiful Capybara, whoever passes by can pet it and give it a thumbs up (I need Steam Points).
Very fun and nice game. Perfect for group of friends. So
yes
[h1] SUPER FUN GAME! [/h1]
This game was gifted to me by a friend and since we started playing, we have been addicted to it. Every time we close the game, we're right back on it 20 minutes later. It's hilariously good, a fun time, and there hasn't been a single moment where we have been bored. It is absolutely better than another Certain Game of similar nature (LC). I'm very excited to see what else the devs have in store for the game!
100/10 recommend. GET THIS GAME!
Muy chistoso y esta muy bien hecho pero como aun no tengo nadie con quien jugarlo por que no tiene servidores publicos y mis amigos tercermundistas no tienen dinero para comprarlo pero esta chistoso jeje haganle rule a este juego
heat
game so fun i gifted it to 4 friends so we could play
It can get annoying at times but it is fun when you play its not a horrible game
very fun with friends
ducky
tts is so stupid and silly, love this game :)
fun
me hace acordar al jubilo de stalin sexoooooo
jogou algum jogo que dar descarga no seu amigo? acho que por isso ganha meu sim! fora o resto.
lingan guli guli guli guacha lingangu lingagu, linganguli guli guli wacha lingangu lingangu
will be another fun month of gaming for this flavor of the week
W
This could really benefit from a L4D style format where two teams play as the REPO team and the other plays and the monsters throughout the map
Overall, really fun game
1}
I love playing this game with my friends, it is the perfect mix of silly and spooky. 10/10
Hell yes, friend gifted this to me and its a great game, funny, scary, and well made, 100% recommend
Good game
fun asf
Pretty fun when people like ken dawg dont beg you to play every second of the day GOD I HATE KEN DAWG HATE LIKE RARGHHHHHHHH DINOSAUR BITE
beware of grandpa
esta piola hermano
juego god como lo amo.
good game
Best game ever, had a fire time playing with friends. Def a must have at the price too! Funny, scary, good graphics and smooth gameplay. W game fr. But I will say this; this game is a lot better with friends!
10/10
god
QUI POUR NOUS REJOINDRE ONT EST 2 C'EST NIMPORTE QUOI MDDRR
love it and dont have any major dislikes about the game
minion
silly
Jogo perfeito pra jogar com os amigos, e passar mal de dar risada. 10/10
fun
Can't belive I haven't reviewed this yet
The game is great and I love that the devs want to keep out anticheat for mod support, but mainly that it let's me play on Linux
I would say this game requires other players in order for it to hit it's full potential.
Their weekly update videos are also top notch
Great
funniest game to play with friends but dont expect to get any progress you and your friends will be killing each other causing havok everywhere 100% great game
Basically a better version of Lethal Company! Buy this and play it with your friends, you won't regret it <3
amazing game
i got stroke playing this game with my autistic 10/10
I thought this game was going to be awful when I first bought it. However it turned out to be the best I've spent in a very long time. Games unique like this don't come around too often so be sure to buy it. :)
yes
I LOVE IT
esse jogo definitivamente um jogo a ser jogado muito bom mesmo nota incrivel, show de bola, cinema, rir chorar com os seus amigos incompetentes
)
goty 2025
Enjoyable game, but wouldn't recommend for low-end laptops or PC's. (I have a low-powered laptop) If your also a guy who mainly uses a controller for playing games, R.E.P.O itself as of right now doesn't have controller support. However you actually can use a controller to play R.E.P.O, via the gamepad settings for steam on this game. Which made my experience a bit more enjoyable. orignally I kinda judged these games, but now me actually trying them, they ain't so bad.
very fun with friends. like lethal company but better
funny physics and fun with skibidi alpha feins
*,
*
CHICKEN JOCKEY!
muy buen juego
Absolute Cinema
Ribbid
I blew a duck up in the toilet 10/10
Teammates want to kill each other once we get anywhere past the 3rd stage, 10/10 game
Puedo desahogar las ganas que tengo de follar a mis amigos y lo hago con los mounstros que estan en el juego que por cierto el bebe de los rugrats ufff milito me las vas a pagar
I got to throw my sister at my mom, pretty good game 10/10
muy divertido y gracioso cuando estamos con amigos
giga fellers
This was a pleasant surprise for me! Seriously fun to play with friends and not too bad solo! Can't wait for the the next updates!
Love <3 this game it so fun to play with other peaple. Suprise sweeden made one more top game then mincraft. Love from a Norwegian <3
I really want to love this game, I really do, but honestly right now the replayability is kinda dogshit. Its not a bad game by any means, but you either have to goof off and dont complete the missions or just strictly follow the guide.
fun and fun
its fun but gets old
This game would be FANTASTIC. if there weren't so many scary monsters as well as scary teammates. My pal is so frighteningly locked in when we play this game. Once, my other friend accidentally killed him and he almost had a heart attack he was so angry! I think the rant he went on might've lasted 20 minutes!
TL;DR If you want your friends to remain your friends, steer clear of this game.
This game is really fun
Literalmente meus amigos sabem quebrar os itens e colocar estourados no voip, e, quando perdemos, rola uma batalha sinistra onde todo mundo perde a amizade por alguns instantes. :)
Queria skins ou algum meio de customizar os personagens, seria legal!
Nota : 9/10
never once had a serious game. 11/10
I love this game so much. It really feels like the peak of the "a bunch of idiots go into a haunted place to die" genre
like
Muito bom, se ficar ele te pega e se tu correr ele pega tbm,
massa
Lots of fun, scary, and lots of laughs
Can torture your friends 10/10
amazing game and amazing devs that're posting weekly update videos on their youtube page as well, their discord has a very active community with very nice people if you're looking for friends to play with. i would say this is also way better than lethal company, and i'm excited to see what the mod community will do for this game
Generic and boring game with boring and unscary monsters.
AMAZING GAME FUN WITH FRIENDS butttttt i think they should make it so when you self destruct it damages ur team mate
its fucking good on god
peak
Entrei no jogo com os amigos.
Era um mapa de uma casa.
Enchemos o carrinho de tralha.
Veio uma que parecia o "Sloth" do filme Os Goonies e a quebrar tudo do carrinho, ela me taca uma TV de tubo que acaba me desrevivendo.
10/10
e
so silly and a lil spooky but very fun with a group of friends
Super fun to play with friends and is really funny up until your by yourself and then it gets really scary.
W game. The more friends you have the more fun you will have guaranteed. This game can be brutal and unforgiving at times, but can also make you laugh so hard it hurts. This game doesn't take its-self too seriously and that's one aspect that makes it different from LC. Good luck and have fun! :)
Very fun and chaotic, just the way i like it
omg yes
dsfsfsdfsdfsd
Very fun with friends. 100% recommend if you have a good group of people. Not really great solo though.
HONK
Peak game.
[list]
[*]icon: unusually ugly, not indicative of game quality.
[*]friends: mandatory, ideally bring 5.
[*]premise: lethal company but 'you burnt the $ing money' by dropping the piano.
[*]mechanic: you can throw scrap at monsters to the detriment of both.
[*]difficulty: well functioning stealth system and opportunities for mid-mission respawns.
[/list]
Waiting just a little too long on lethal company to update? This is the game for you?
good
fun with freinds little bugy but that will get fixed people can not be frendly and some are toxic to the point they are saying racial sluers but other than that it is pretty fun you work for a guy called the tax man and if you all die during a mission you will get sent to the IRS dungen to fight to the death the winner keeps there stats wa ha ha I am the king of loosers
First off, as many have pointed out, the banner at the time of this review gives mixed signals making it unclear whether R.E.P.O. is a solid game or just another throwaway title on Steam.
However, the game itself is a blast to play and clearly well-crafted. The developers genuinely care about it, consistently rolling out weekly updates to improve and expand the experience.
The main goal of R.E.P.O. is to gather enough money by collecting valuables from the map while avoiding the many creatures lurking about. Fail to satisfy the taxman, and you make it out alive. But the taxman isn't your only problem if one of the terrifying creatures gets you, you're just as doomed.
Not only do you have to dodge dangers, but if you smack valuables into something too hard, break, costing you precious earnings!
If you love lethal company, you'll love this game too.
The core mechanics of the game is similar to it.
Go to a map, collect loot from it (without dying from the monsters, ofc), profit off of it, upgrade and buy items to help with the progressive difficulty and killing the monsters, rinse and repeat.
One thing that makes the game stand out is how it uses physics with everything, making it more difficult and way funnier.
The game is also goofy somehow, so you'll also have a blast with friends when playing it.
[spoiler] Please change the mascot [/spoiler]
really good game
wish there was a way to que with random people like a quick play function or like a server browser so you can pick and choose which servers to join.
Man, I love small indie companies! Great game, really fun with friends!
Please get rid of the logo.
One of the worst games I've ever played. My friends are absolutely horrendous at this game and I've spent almost a full hour waiting for one friend to finish a quota with absolutely no hope of fully completing the next quota. It's like being starved by your captive while they promise you success. There is absolutely no chance for us being able to succeed yet I am forced to sit here and watch my "friend" squirm and destroy a collective 40 THOUSAND dollars SINGLEHANDEDLY after slaughtering me and our two other teamates. I will never play this game again and I suggest nobody ever play this game since it is absolutely unbearable. I believe this game is something you should never play with friends as it will completely ruin all your relationships and make everyone in your friend group turn against eachother. Even after being revived I don't have any hope or aspiration to make it to the next quota. Thank you
great
toda la jugabilidad es muy buena y eso me gusta con amigos ajajjaajj unas risas y solo esta bien espero con ansias lla proxima actu
i like this game and the devs
Great game
muy bien hecho el juego, el problema son los retrasados mentales que tengo por equipo.
i love watching my friends get smacked with pickaxes to death 10/10
Very fun with friends, wishing for matchmaking
its like the sims but better
holy hell this game is awesome
Funny with friends
Woo yeah baybee
THis game is very fun
I laugh
I laugh more
Well made and fun with friends. If you like lethal company you'd enjoy this game, it's a similar vibe with lots of replayability and funny moments
Like Lethal Company but more with more gameplay mechanics. I think it's more fun overall!
le mie lacrime non possono spiegare quando sia divertente questo gioco
I can make the cute little robot say bad words
divertido
good shit
GefgWGtbhTBHw
Divertido pra crlh
Muy buen juego mataron al dany
juegaso para cagarse de risa un rato 10 de 10
its a fun hide a seek treasure hunt.
entretenido par jugar con amigos, del tipo de lethal company, pero a mi parecer es mejor y optimizado
Despite its look, this game is so much more than a Lethal company clone.The Vibe this game creates is one of silly and goofy nonsense, a lack of urgency that despite everything adds to the scares it can provide. Its always that moment just when you've let your guard down, when your friends are goofing off when the monsters in these halls decide to remind you what game you are playing.
That being said I'd love to see some more maps, 3 is a good start but it gets rather dull when you've been to Headman Manor for the fifth time in a night. Pick it up with a couple friends.
El mejor juego inventado. Gracioso, raras, de terror y de repente aparece tu mamita de monstruo. 10/10.
Gran juego y muy divertido si se juega con amigos, aun asi a veces siento que la dificultad de los enemigos no es tan alta ya que casi todos se esquivan de la misma manera eso puede hacerlo un poco repetitivo.
Genuinely one of the best co-op games I've played in a long time. 10/10 experience overall
Absolute pure cinema.
mejor juego del mundo
PEAK, it was scary and funny at the same time, I recommend it to everyone.
esta mierda es muy divertida y si por las dudas te abures ya ha hay soporte para mods con contenido extra gratis, todo una ganga.
k,l
10/10
THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVERRRRR
its fun
Don't buy this game. I returned after 55 minutes. Wasn't fun. Makes me want to end it all. I don't wanna be
Anything other than what I've been tryna be lately
All I have to do is think of me, and I have peace of mind
I'm tired of looking 'round rooms
Wondering what I've gotta do
Or who I'm supposed to be
I don't wanna be anything other than me
physics
Good
resenha
peak game other than the gnomes (i hate the gnomes 15 of them spawned jumped my loot then me)
I have had so much fun playing with friends. I could make endless hilarious clips.
It does get a bit repetitive, but I'm hopeful with the dev updates and news we get. It is best played multiplayer, but the money is completely worth the laughs and smiles I've had.
very fun but very unforgiving
10/10
It's a good job there's no merch at the moment because I would've gone mad buying. Fab game, thank you to the team behind it all <3
I'm not sure what to say that others haven't said already. This game is 10/10 fun and it will have you laughing so hard at times you're cry and your eyes will be burning. Then there's times it will have you screaming (or again, laughing, at a friend screaming). You will NOT find another game this fun at this price. This game is waay better that 99% of AAA games, even more fun that the AAAA games! Grab a friend or 5 and jump in!
this game makes me wanna repopulate the planet
Very good game, such good game play, tons of laughs
lets just say if you havent got it yet, you need to pick this up
juegazo
dobra gierka
DFG
Fun and chaotic! I think I die more often in this game from cackling than anything! 10/10 fun with fun friends!
it fun
Lethal Company but it's 1000% funnier
last one alive, get sucked off, then hit everyone off map and get a crown, 10/10 recommend
Recomand like la carnaval de belit pula la cal
This game is my Serotonin and I love to play and watch it. It makes me laugh so much. The characters are hilarious. BUT.Fuck that duck.
no
jogue com o maximo de amigos possiveis
tem que ter viu com os animais q jogar com
TOP
deberian poner modo multijugador global, para la gente que no tenga amigos para jugar, como yo :d
Entretenido pero un poco desesperante que te regrese hasta el nivel 1
divertido mi amigo puta porque estaba grite y grite 10/10
It fun
sigma
good
My chair is ruined, 10/10
gooooooood
mui bon
FUN
gud
Pretty mid, after you realize how easy the game is.
i gooned to the floating head must try and i busted all over my laptop
One of the best experiences I had in a while with my friends. Crazy cray crazy the vibe, the climate, the gameplay. Keeping things uniquely scary & fun at the same time makes it a masterpiece. Guys if you ever do a VR version/mode that will take the world by storm! Worth every penny and more!
This is hands down the BEST fucking game on steam currently made this year. I have never had so much fun playing a game before
El mejor juego de la historia, uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
this game fire fr
game good, you should buy it & play it with friends.
Is good game i scared
yup
No complaints, absolutely a masterpiece.
PO
good
Uhhh! 6300 varos (Empieza a hablar en Slowmotion) quitate a la verga, quitense a la vergaaaa, son 6300 varos. CUIDADOOOO, PERATEEEE METELO AHIIIIII
Yes
pablooooooooo
Think less horror, more loot goblin, shenanigans, and the occasional sprinting for your life in the dark. There are "monsters" to contend with that can be scary at times, but if you're here because you were a fan of Lethal Company, this is similar but not quite that. This refines the central gameplay loop of gathering valuables in an "abandoned" spooky area and moving them to a defined point, facing hazards all along the way. All of this is for a payout the players use to gear themselves for future missions, becoming stronger with each payout.
Definitely worth the price tag, HIGHLY recommend finding a friend group to all purchase together and play with.
Another review I just don't have alot to say. It is just loads of fun mixed with some scares as well, but actually less scary than Lethal surprisingly.
Obviously it is Lethal Company inspired, but is its own unique game all on its own. If you love Lethal yet wanted another new game that is similar: this is it. There is no time limit in this one, just your survival of the monsters. You can loose value or break things, which can seem frustrating, but makes you actually try better to make money and focus and adds to the pacing element and not being so easy for balance.
The characters are perfectly funny and very well designed and animated. The eyes is all you need to have a laugh and see their unique and really well done mechanic of them with looking around on their own. So far only got to level 6, and the maps do get progressively more difficult adding to challenge. There could be more maps, but surely those will be added down the road~.
[h3]Pros:[/h3]
[list]
[*] Style/Graphics is just right on being creepy and funny. There is actually a setting to turn off grain and lens even.
[*] Just hilarious characters and fun times.
[*] The ingame shopping is unique and semi-random, adding to chance runs slightly & unique player gameplay.
[*] Monsters are honestly more creepy than Lethal- just a few-, but works here. Their animation/goals are unique as well to explore and enjoy their hunting of you or you hiding.
[*] The physics and picking up of objects is actually good/smooth and not janky.
[/list]
[h3]Cons?:[/h3] No real cons but some suggestions:
[list]
[*] I think either I'm bad at the game/these monsters: or at least two of the monsters have some issues with being WAY too lethal. They are hard to evade whether hiding before even seen or running to escape. But Game is still newer so there's bound to be some balancing later maybe. But it could just be my poor choice of upgrades too lol.
[*] Maybe option to know who all is still alive or not? Unless I'm still missing this is an upgrade or something ingame.
[*] The button to drive away or leave/start level, is probably a little too subtle for newtimers who are going in the game blind. The game has little tutorial banner pop-ups, but I don't think this action was included- could be wrong.
*Yeah, really honestly no cons to me. It's a fun and smooth game. Price is great, I even say I'd have paid 15$ for it really. Just hope for future updates to maps and just seeing what all they decide to add in more~. Even idk what else I would add to the game! Maybe some more shop stuff or even level/map choosing.
GOTY
can someone help me or tell me why my brother is having issues with multiplayer cus at random times while playing his game would freeze but like he would be able to move but everything else is normal its just him bugging out or something. if anyone know pls help
Muy bueno y divertido
me hicieron bullying por ser mudo,10/10
sim
A B,
Amazing Games
Fun for the whole family!
curo mi depresion
Omg the way they run after me its like the game should be called R.A.P.E.O Like bro these guys are after me 24/7 every time i dream they get into my ears the gnomes are like fathers to me they explode after I throw them (am I thinking straight?) Well if I aint then this review is valid right? also this product for free thing is correct or incorrect you think I got money? I play this game to feel like I get money into my truck like a true bot for the taxes of man and creation.
I love you Ethan (Who is Ethan?)
Spooky time!
Lethal Company mixed with several known horror games (slenderman, outlast etc)
Had a total blast so far
very fun game worth the buy
Fun game with friends.
fun
Applesauce
make sure your friend buys it for you for maximum fun
the floaty head thing looks like maurice from ultrakill
Macht bockt sehr mit Freunden. Kann ich nur weiterempfehlen, spielt man bestimmt auch nicht nur einmal.
du lethal company en moins effrayant (non pas que lethal le soit et en plus chiant
as someone who got this game for free from a friend. This game is awesome to play solo and to play with friends. Highly Recommend!
Awesome game and fun to play with friends
to many bugs and not enough effort put into the game before releasing. developers just dropped the ball with proper programming
goob
im gay
Eu inicialmente me senti confuso e perdido, mas com meus amigos foi bem Fui afogado em uma privada 10/10
Some of the most fun I've had gaming in ages. 10/10 game, cant wait for future updates!
great game
Well Funny!
so fun with friends!
Great Game
they remind me of the pickles from cloudy with a chance of meatballs
ikoikopkp
tenes la plata? compralo, no tenes con quien jugar? compralo y jugalo conmigo, te llama la atencion? compralo, COMPRALOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
this game is super fun with all the friends
i mean its alright
10 10!
scary monster!
heat
Entered an area, stole everything that wasn't bolted down, and slammed some frogs against the floor with the boys. Perfect game.
Murdered by a baby. 10/10
VERY fun just needs controller support please
Divertido
Fantastic game. when you can actually play and stay connected. most of the time i'm getting disconnected, i've checked all there is on my end but still having problems.
very chaotic and very fun with friends
goated game
Honestly, I wouldn't even have looked at the game if I didn't get it as a gift from a friend. Who thought this banner was a good idea? Looks like some sort of scam or low quality game.
The game is actually fun, really. Kinda like lethal company but a bit more goofy, has a shop between the runs and I think the enemy encounters here are more interesting. Looking at this stupid emoji every time I open up my library isn't, though.
Like really just remove that banner I wanna hide the game from my library so I don't have to see it anymore-
the bad part about this game is i have no friends and im really sad i wanted to play with other people but i have to play with my self :(
YES
uhh its lit
It is a very funny game its PEAK trustttttttttttttttt
Perfecto
steamhappy:
W game all you need is friends and you could easily get 24hours of gameplay.
this game is fun solo but even better with friends the models of the characters are so fun and funny i havent had this much fun in a very long time and this game is only early access i can't wait for more and exciting new updates
Yo! Need some companions to play.
I found this game very fun and I absolutely love when a duck blames me for bumping its head on a cup and kills me. (Quick tip: If you ever do buy the game, don't touch the duck, he's evil) I believe everyone should experience knocking down friends with a cart. This game sure was a ten-out-of-ten.
God
Very fun game.
muy buen juego. hacen falta tetas o ese tipo de cosas pero es un buen juego para tener el pene metido en el pantalon. aunque si. faltan tetas, se recomienda ya que la pasas genial con tus amigos y el sistema de chat de voz etc etc esta demasiado bueno ahh pero faltan tetas o ese tipo de cosas
its great, needs more going on
good game
.this is hella fun! Def best with a group, not ideal for solo. Cant wait for hopefully new and bigger maps in the future!
muito bom recomendo, legal ficar matando os amiguinhos
funny gun man is funny
o android tem um jogo de terror oficial e sabia
crazy fun game
Amazing with friend, Just waiting for more content
It's a solid fun game once you get through the jump scares. I've had a lot of fun playing this with my friend and look forward to seeing how a full party will go through.
yes
funny lmaooo, all the different creatures and such.
Great game, very fun to play with other people. Its labelled as a horror game but honestly its most like a comedy game when playing with other people. The most fun I've had with an online game in YEARS
My-my-my-my-my Grandpa fought in World War II He was such a noble dude I can't even finish school Missed my mom and left too soon His dad was a fireman Who fought fires so violent I think I bored my therapist While playing him my violin (Oh my god) That's so insane (Oh my god) That's such a shame Next to them, my - don't feel grand But i can't help myself from feeling bad I kinda feel like two things can be said (one, two, three, four) The World's Smallest Violin Really needs an audience So if i do not find somebody soon (that's right, that's right) I'll blow up into smithereens And spew my tiny symphony Just let me play my violin for you, you, you, you My Grandpa fought in World War II He was such a noble dude Man I feel like such a fool I got so much left to prove All my friends have - friends They're so good at making friends I'm so scared of caving in Is that entertaining yet (Oh my god) That's so insane (Oh my god) That's such a shame Next to them, my - don't feel so grand But I can't help myself from feeling bad I kinda feel like two things can be said (one, two, three, four) The World's Smallest Violin Really needs an audience So if I do not find somebody soon (That's right, that's right) I'll blow up into smithereens And spew my tiny symphony Just let me play my violin for you, you, you, you Somewhere in the universe Somewhere someone's got it worse Wish that made it easier Wish I didn't feel the hurt The World's Smallest Violin Really needs an audience So if i do not find somebody soon I'll blow up into smithereens And spew my tiny symphony All up and down a city street While tryna put my mind at ease Like finishing this melody This feels like a necessity So this could be the death of me Or maybe just a better me Now come in with the timpanis And take a shot of Henessy I know I'm not there mentally But you could be the remedy So let me play my violin for you
game
its an awesome game better with friends
silly fun fun silly goofy silly game thats fun and goofy and silly
Threw a evil baby at the ground 10x in self defense, 10/10 would play again.
Juegazo, simplemente god, espero con ansias cuando lo actualicen con nuevo contenido 10/10 muy divertido con amigos
You can sit in the toilet, that s huge W
Amazing
Wish my wifi worked
huntman is so nice paried with big ahah head
this game is a gift from the heavens.
do not underestimate the gnomes.
para jijearte los jijolines con amigos
Really fun with friends
very scary but uh yes
a
this game is top tier entertainment :3
buen juego pero para el single player le recomendaria un poder de revivir, me debora la cabeza flotante y quisiera mas formas de matar al foking pato
stupid duck wont get out of my way
fun game
Great game, super fun, can't wait to see its final form
I've never laughed so much in a game before this game is great if you have friends ofcourse
fun
this game with deada$ ruin friendships worse than uno lmao
es tan bueno que deben sacar repo 2
[h3] 10/10 would recommend for the laughs, the screams, and the urge to YEET your friends :D [/h3]
good
11 10
spooky scary silly funny
The emoji might be the ugliest piece of shit ever but once you are in a match where one of your friends holds that hourglass and starts speaking in a comically low pitched voice you realize you can let that one slide
KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
I love getting harassed and killed so many times by the same man with a gun.
First he shoots out of nowhere and kills me.
Then he slowly walks over to me, looks down at me and shoots me in between my eyes instantly killing me.
And then afterwards have this little man with 4 arms and no torso come out of nowhere and absorb me like Kerby and killing me.
I would rate this game a 10/10, would recommend
soooo fun
Excellent jeu
goated with friends for a game night, 1000% recommend this game is fire
I have never laughed so hard at a game in my entire life.
Very fun to play with friends
This game is absolutely AMAZING to have fun in with friends. Can't wait for it to (hopefully) come to Xbox and Playstation!
its peak
goty
its so funny ahahahahaahhahHHAHAHAHAHA
VERY FUN GAME.
Awesome!
LOL
69696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969
it's an fun and awesome game i've been enjoying it w/ friends and i would recommend this game to my other friends
Es un juego que te ofrece bastante entretenimiento, algunos niveles tienden a ser escenarios muy similares con los cuales te acostumbras a interactuar, sin embargo te ofrece una experiencia apasionante con los multiples enemigos o monstruos npc que aparecen, cada uno de ellos te obliga a generar estrategias y tiempo de diferente; Es ideal para jugar en y si te dispones a un reto mayor en partida en solitario; Sin duda recomendado
I am half Ethiopean, half liberian, and this game is goody gumdrops
muy bueno
love it
UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU.
ta chido
super fun with lots of friends and best co op horror I have ever played.
very fun video game, fine as a singleplayer game, but a pretty coherent experience for a game that is in early access i think
good
game makes me mad
Game is very fun but I have a hard time playing it cause I play with inverted Y Axis and there is no option to switch it that way. I keep breaking items and my friends hate me for it. Pls.
nice casual fun
jogo muito sexy adorei dms
good game i love
amazing
fun time w friends
all I can say is lol
funie
awesome game, love the style, cant wait to see what they can accomplish later on
Fun little game. Great for a chilled session with a few friends, a good laugh & the jump scares are as unexpected as you'd expect them to be haha.
Didn't think I'd enjoy the game as much as I have
Fun, easy to get into and family friendly horror
lowkey game sucks
A nice little evolution on the Lethal Company formula. There's no more terminal control, but instead now you have to care for the physical integrity of the loot you pick up and drag around. This can be tricky to do while you're navigating the monsters and other players, which is fun! The monsters also feel more "balanced" and less chaotic. It's overall less punishing than Lethal Company, which I think is a good thing. I'm enjoying this with my friends!
SKRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
its good
yes
incredibly funny and worth every penny. This game is punching way above its weight class.
is good
its so fun to play with friends
needs match making but really fun
A
i like
REPO BEST GAME
a game built to break friendships or make them stronger. 60/10 recommend to everyone.
HELLA FUN
10/10
I feel a new level of pain when I drop things now :)
Better than lethal company
el mejor juego del mundo es increible este juego solo un problema el precio para latam igual es alto
FLINT AND STEEL
TOP XUXA cm os amigos do melhor
Muy bueno el juego para jugar con amigos, el hombre cabeza es mi archienemigo
Great game but i wish the extraction point was manual start
Very fun, a bit tough and difficult, loads of hard to deal with enemies. But other than that sadly memes, good time, oh and also king of losers is fire!
Me be like
=[][] |8)
A los homies les gusta cagarme a palo, detonarme granadas y tocarme el totito cuando estoy distraido 10/10
Got
Some connection issues here and there, and the lack of matchmaking or a way to find games, are maybe the only things keeping this from being a fully-fledged game. Otherwise, you don't feel like it's in early access. It has some really funny interactions with other players and keeps you entertained the whole session. The horror is also great, discovering the enemies and their powers is the best part. It's a unique experience all in all, and I expect the full release to be amazing, as long as they don't do anything drastically different from what the game is at the moment.
One of the funniest and scariest games I've played this year, even single player.
very fun game lots of obstacles especially if you have dumb friends
Fun game its not a scary horror game at all its more like a funny horror game which i love because there's not a lot of games like this out there would recommend getting this game
I shot myself in the head with a shotgun in a store, my brains spread all over the walls 10/10 I recommend
so good
my sleep schedule will never recover, but thats a sacrifice im willing to make
PROFITABLE ACTIVITIES GALORE. (theft)
Detta nog ett av de roligaste spelen jag spelat vet inte hur de mycket humor i spelet, roligt alla och samtidigt. jag verkligen skulle rekommendera folk som vill med i ett humor spel och samtidigt med MYCKET skratt
Only fun with friends
Very fun game to play with your friends.
gud
only buy the game if you have 3 more friends that's also planning to buy it
then it's fun
Don't touch the Duck and be nice to Rugrat
Can't stop laughing when I'm playing with my friends. Was a wonderful find.
=)
very funny game
funny hehe haha
fien fien fien
This game is beyond what i hoped for it is a very fun game to play with friends and family and just to have a good laugh and scare cannot wait too see more to come with this game.
juego 20/10 eyacule 100 veces al ver a mi gotica tapada
J'ai ris en avoir mal au ventre, aux joues, la machoire, aux abdos, mes voisins et mon quartier.
IT SUCKS DONT BUY
very funny game great for friends would highly reccomend
Game launched with volume already set to 70%. I am going to kiss the developer who did this
Fun
IDK why, but i felt compel by touching every god dam one of those creature, even a the risk of getting destroy. their a trill of trying to run from them when u know they are lock in on you.
+
great and fun game
Jogo perfeitamente divertido, apenas precisa ter amigos para jogar, ainda tem busca de servidores e salas. mas valeu muito a pena, pelo justo
GOTY
Every time i saw the emoji mascot I thought this game was some sort of shit post. I avoided buying it the first time my friends suggested it purely because of the emoji. After eventually cracking and giving it a try I have to say it is really fun. The game feels quite polished and its a blast with a few friends. I recommend it to anyone considering.
Please get rid of the stupid laughing emoji, it just makes the game appear low quality <3
c
Bars
Super fun time with friends or randoms wacky fun
fire game no notes
br
Kino Absolutne
fun, bit too pricey thoug
WORTH EVERY PENNY
un gran juego incluyendo las tematicas de terror y recoleccion lo vuelve un gran juego e incluso con amigos o el juego se vuelve una de las mejores experiencias, totalmente recomendadooooooo
fun game
2 4 Soundpad.
10 / 10
e
Game is amazing, funny moments and random screaming this game is worth the price I would buy it again in a heartbeat. No online servers so you must either play with friends or single player. You can also join the games discord to find people to play with.
lo unico malo que le encontre, es que no hay posibilidad de unirte a partidas de otros jugadores, tal como pasa en lethal o phasmo, cosa de que si no tienes amigos con quien jugar, siempre puedes entrar a una partida online.
fuera de eso, el juego 10/10 realmente es buenisimo para partirte en risas y cagarte a sustos
amazing
Good game, fun with friends when on in game voice.
Just please remove the emojis. Please.
ya llegaron los reposs
Steam Review: go
bro.
this game?
literal serotonin machine.
i blinked and 7 hours passed.
ate drywall for dinner. even notice.
main character hit one uhhh and i folded like a lawn chair.
graphics? crispy.
music? goes harder than my last mental breakdown.
story? idk i was too busy screaming at pixels.
gameplay? buttery smooth like a greased-up dolphin in a slip n slide.
10/10 would lose my grip on reality again
me after 3 minutes: one more
me at 4am: i die, i
selten so gut gelacht
funny
Chinese please thx
Juegazo totalmente, 100% es mejor jugar entre amigos mientras mas amigos mejor, pero cada mapa, cada entidad, cada mecanica es hermosa, no consume muchos recursos, y tiene una buena ambientacion grafica muy bonitos a mi parecer, la verdad lo recomiendo totalmente si te quieres reir, asustar, divertir y pasar un rato diferente con tus amigos
Aight, so Black Myth: Wukong dropped, and lemme tell game go crazy. If you ever wanted to throw hands with ancient Chinese demons while looking drippy as hell, this is your game.
Visuals Straight-Up Next Level
First off, this game look wild. The graphics? 10/10. The world feels alive, the lighting hits different, and the animations are smooth as hell. Every time Wukong pulls off a move, like watching a damn martial arts movie. one of those games where you just stop and admire how clean everything looks.
Combat No Button Mashing Here
Now, if you think you can just run in swinging? Nah, fam. The combat demands skill. You gotta time your dodges, learn enemy patterns, and stay else you gonna get folded real quick. But when you finally land that perfect counter and smack a boss into the dirt? Whew, that feeling is unmatched.
Story Some Real Mythology Vibes
The whole Journey to the West inspiration makes the game feel legendary. If you know the story, still hits. got that lone warrior vs. the world type energy, and Wukong? Bro is a straight savage.
Bugs & Performance A Shaky but Playable
Okay, real perfect. Some frame drops here and there, especially when things get hectic. A couple bugs too, but nothing game-breaking. Hopefully, they patch that up soon because this game deserves to be flawless.
Final Verdict Worth It?
If you love games like Sekiro or Elden Ring, this is a must-play. The combat is tough but fair, the visuals are next-gen, and the whole vibe is just fire. This a casual gotta lock if you stick with it, one of the hardest (in a good way) games out right now.
Final Rating: 9/10
Would I recommend it? Hell yeah.
good very good.
fun and funny
love game wish it had 3rd person would be great my mom could play i get the concept of the game
Just an overall fun game.
game of the next 20 years
w game type shi fr fr. i indubidubly reccomend this skibidi game on phantom. btw "whats that" by joyner lucas and "money in the grave" by drake and "lucky you" by eminem are all rlly good songs
i liked that its super fun to play with friends!
perfecto
Absolutely so much fun even if you are on your own to having a team with you.
I really enjoy how the quality of the Proximity Chat is and the adaptive sound with it as well
The one thing I find an issue with is how some of the monster combinations in the later days is sometimes practically impossible to not die to and especially when you are in a good team but get completely stun locked with a eye or have two or more extremely difficult mobs.
scawy D:
This would honestly be my GOTY. just about 40 hours in and i am addicted. It is so much fun with friends. I can not wait for new maps, and monsters. Only thing I would really like to see added to the game would be a ping system for items
Love this game, its got many funny elements with friends and some scary elements as well. Singleplayer gives a challenge since you are working alone. 10/10 Game
Gra jest zajebista do gry samemu jak i najbardziej polecam w razem z kumplami. 2 godziny samej beki i zabawy. A ile tam to szkoda
Gra 10/10 i na pewno grana znowu.
Ach Repo. was soll man sagen? Es ist wie ein Besuch vom Finanzamt ungewollt, unangenehm und man fragt sich am Ende, warum das passieren musste. Das Gameplay sich an, als jemand vergessen, mit zu programmieren, und die Grafik nun ja erinnert stark an das, was man sieht, wenn man zu lange in eine alte Mikrowelle schaut.
Die Steuerung ist schwammig, dass man glauben der Entwickler war des Codings auf Kaffeefahrt ohne Kaffee. Und die Story? Falls es eine geben sollte: Sie hat sich offenbar auf der Flucht vor dem Spiel versteckt. Wenn Kafka ein Videospiel gemacht aber mit weniger Sinn und mehr Bugs dann es Repo.
Einziger Pluspunkt: Es endet irgendwann. Danke nichts, Repo.
spooky
funny
Ey Leute,
umso mehr Leute desto besser! GEEIIIIEEEEL macht BOMBENSTIMMUNG! Vor allem. wenn die Mates richtig sind und sich nicht gegenseitig
gehen raus an meine Spielefreunde Mrs S, Mr C & Mr. P xoxo
ITs a fun time with friends
Fun! PLay with friends. be robot. pay taxman. don't break. <3 <3
I love to flush my friends in the toilet <3
sugoi
For me as an person with ADHD it's some what too slow gameplay, so I don't have interest to play it long time periods.
I recommend this game to other players.
Durisimo
R.E.P.O. A Hidden Gem That Deserves More Love
If you played R.E.P.O., seriously missing out. This game has completely won me over with its unique mechanics, immersive atmosphere, and addictive gameplay loop. one of those rare titles that keeps you coming back for "just one more mission" until you realize it's 3 AM.
The concept of playing as a futuristic debt collector, reclaiming assets in high-risk environments, is both fresh and engaging. The level design is top-notch, offering a perfect blend of challenge and reward. Every mission feels like a puzzle that requires both strategy and skill, and I love the sense of accomplishment when pulling off a perfect run.
One of the things that really stands out is the aesthetic. The art style and soundtrack work together to create an eerie, cyberpunk vibe that enhances the overall experience. clear that a lot of thought went into world-building, making the setting feel alive and immersive.
Overall, R.E.P.O. is a fantastic game that deserves way more recognition. If into strategy-based action games with a deep, atmospheric world, I recommend it enough. an absolute must-play!
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
goofy and tons of fun
funny clip farm
Threw my friend into a pit of acid 10/10
good
This game is very fun and full of surprises lol even better with friends
This game is a combination of horror and silliness to the greatest extent
soooooo goooood
Meilleur jeu coop 2025, le concept est vraiment top
exelente
fun by myself, but absolutely hilarious with friends, definently worth the 10 bucks
THEY'RE IN THE WALLS
It is a good Lethal company type of game with a bit of it's own style. Enjoyable.
Dev's need to create public lobby matchmaking though. Right now it is "only invite by friend."
I am assuming they will very soon, since it would decimate their sales since the game is geared towards this style of play.
So massive like the low taper fade, but withouth friends is not that good
I was in a room hiding from the guy with the rifle, my bottle falls over on my desk - he turns around and 1 taps me.
11/10 perfect game!
ok
I was about to exit the facility and evil trollface guy was about to take my soul away when the game saved me at the last moment. single player hits different.
good game
good and fun but not that fun becus i have no frends suwon be my frend
esta guapo
GREAT GAME, if you want to play u need friends unless u want to do single player, there is no joining random online games so if u want to play w people u need friends. its just lethal company but funnier and scarier at the same time.
its fun
3
super goofy and funny game to play with friends. the game isnt super scary, but once you encounter a monster, you tickle and get scared, which is fun! lol! you can also mod it to add different content. I recommend it!
Me encanta este juego, lo juego solo aunque jugarlo con amigos es mucho mejor. Pero mejor si no ponen audios de tktok 24/7 y gritan constantemente. Calculo que le echare 59 horas al juego
FUN
Yo era un
Y disfrutaba de la vida
con mi madre
En la cima de una colina
Jugaba y dibujaba
era mi esencia
Sin dolor preocupaciones
La edad de la inocencia
Mi madre pasaba horas
Frente al televisor
Solo programas cristianos
Y referencias a Dios
Nuestra vida era sencilla
Ambos felices
Hasta que una voz llamo a mi madre
Y dijo algo terrible
Tu hijo esta corrupto
Y tu es rescatarlo
De todo elemento del diablo
Debes despojarlo
Hare lo que me pidas
de mi vida
Librare a Isaac
De su alma corrompida
Mi madre me ha quitado
Todo lo que
Mis juguetes, mis dibujos
Y la ropa que
Nunca dio explicaciones
Y a hablarme
Pero se comunicaba
Con la voz perturbante
Isaac
Sigue ligado por demonios
Que confiese sus pecados
Y de todo
Hare lo que me pidas
de mi vida
Librare a Isaac
De su alma corrompida
porque haces esto?
Mi vida
felices
Y ahora sufro cada
Por favor deja ya
No lo escuches mas
Pero de igual manera
Hubo un mensaje final
Has hecho lo que he dicho
Pero cuestiono tu
Probare tu fe hacia mi
Con una ultima
Ve a la de tu
Hijo y
(Ve a la de tu)
(Hijo y
(Ve a la de tu)
(Hijo y
Hare lo que me pidas
de mi vida
Librare a Isaac
De su alma corrompida
Entonces un cuchillo
Carnicero ella tomo
Fue corriendo hacia Isaac
Que estaba en su
que estas haciendo?
quieres matarme?
Gritaba desesperado
Cuando la Acercarse
Entre llanto y locura
Y a su
Una puerta trampa
Bajo una alfombra
Sin pensarlo dos veces
La al mismo tiempo
Que su madre
Ingresaba a su
Pero Isaac se lanzo
Se a salvo
Pero nada es sencillo
Ya que algo
en todos lo pasillos
Se acerco a una puerta
Y lentamente la
Y repentinamente
Con sus hermanos se
Todos endemoniados
Y deformes lo miraban
Con impulso vengativo
android
paica
Bla Bla Bla Ble Ble Ble Blu Blu Blu HA Blu Blu Blu Blu Blu Blu Blu Blu Blu Blu Blu Blu Blu Blu Blu Blu Blu Blu Blu Blu Blu Blu Blu Blu Blu Blu Blu Blu Blu Blu Blu Blu Blu Blu Blu Blu Blu Lu Lu Lu Lin Gam Guli Guli Guli Wata Lin Gan Goo Lin Gan Goo Lin Gam Guli Guli Guli Wata Lin Gan Goo Lin Gan Goo Lin Gam Guli Guli Guli Wata Lin Gan Goo Lin Gan Goo Lin Gam Guli Guli Guli Wata Lin Gan Goo Lin Gan Goo
Sees an grenade about to go off. "uh oh"
stupid ass people, fun game, would suggest
fun with friends :)
Giving your friend a swirly has never felt so good
uranium
:)
wath
Yes
+ -
NO tiene chichotas 0/10 y zzz
This game is amazing. It is very funny and also very scary at the same time. would very much recomend.
tin tin clank so fun good game
mini C.A.R.T. ftw
Lethal Company but scary
really fun game has a lethal company type base of the game to it and is fun to play and play around on with other friends
cool
this is actually the greatest game to be made and it is WORTH the buy
trashcan game. hopefully i can get a refund
I touched all the monsters, got used to kill a chef, picked up a huntsman with my friends and killed it by slamming it on the ground, 10/10 would do again
Ps: Please don't hold your friends over a pit to kill a chef
Very fun. Can't wait to see what it becomes in the future.
Galera BR q ta chegando no game e q ta sem ngm pra jogar, chegar nesse discord ae:
*Jogo ta dahora, qro mais da pra passar algumas horas rindo!
Banger monumental
Amazing game! It's a lot of fun with friends. Just not the easiest.
my anal glands are shaking
pas mal mais dayz reste meilleur
DIVERTIDO DEMAIISSSSSS
good and fun
funny robot game, would recommend
Im not sure is that horror game or funny game. Everytime i play i laugh like there are no tomorrow. What a perfect CO-OP game ever made 10/10.
IMO
1. R.E.P.O.
2. Content Warning
3. Lethal Company
amazeball
this game is really fun and enjoyable please play! its AMAZING BRAHHHHHHH
Mega lustiges Game, super lustige Abende mit Freunden. Kann es nur empfehlen.
el juego es muy divertido te matas de la risa cada vez que lo juegas muy buen juego la verdad 20/10 y god
Yes!
funny, scary, a all out good game!
fuck you lazer man
i jorked it to the blind man
I've never had such an irrational hatred for gnomes
It is a game with plenty of potential and lots of funny moments to share with friends.
The character design alone makes this game 100% worth a try. Fun little horror game in the "loot the place, sell the things for the mysterious employer and meet quota" genre that doesn't seem as intimidating as Lethal Company in that the map sizes start small and increase the farther you progress in the game. I can't wait to see what else the devs bring to the game.
good game
Whens the Sex Update again?
scray mad me screm and lagh
+ It's fun
- You need friends to have most fun
Demasiado bueno, muy gracioso te vas a reir mucho los personajes que asustan dan mucho miedo recomendado
muy divertido
I love getting HP Backshots
nah i'd win
Killed a Shadow Demon with a bunch of grenades duct taped together. 10/10
Gostoso de jogar, odeio todos os meus amigos
PAREM DE QUEBRAR OS DIAMANTES
PAREM DE QUEBRAR OS PRATOS
PAREM DE ME FLINGAR COM O CARRINHO PRO VOID
PAREM.
i had much fun in this game
PEAK PEAK PEAK PEAK
fui molestado por um velho com uma escopeta
very fun, but not with friends
Esta bueno.
fun
bom para jogar com os amigos. Mas um pouco repetitivo devido ser os mesmos mapas. Nota 8 de 10
Its fckg gutte meine kamarad. I bin nicht alone. Trump bless America. Heil
PEAK
Amazing game it's such a good horror new game ,kind of wish when you have a save file you don't lose it if you die in that saved file. It reminds me a lot about letahal company but it's in it's way
it is fun interactive and very comical
hes in my walls
Many hours of fun with friends
Em el em la la
Text to speech.
Most fun i've had in a coop game for a while. Almost threw up cuz we were laughing so hard. Must buy for a group of people.
the monsters in the game are your teammates 80% of the time
its lika da lethal company, spooky mmmmmmmm
nice
Fun game!
✅
✅
❌
❌
❌
R.E.P.O. hardbass
9/10
clicking clacking my keyboard, navigating towards the homosexuual porography
Money
good times
Es buenisimo no importa que sea el juego de moda, tener esto en tu biblioteca asegurara muchas risas con tus amigos 100% recomendado.
funny af
ok
love this game solo or with friends
Super duper funny
so like uh its like this game where uh there is, there is ghost and stuff. well i guess they uh, i guess they aren't all ghost but like, uh like. yeah no its good. you'll like it.
I usually don't play Horror game but R.E.P.O. is very fun. Its great game to play with friends.
fun
Really fun and spooky
Very nice game, i just love getting brutally molested by an old blind man with a shotgun because my 3 braincell buddy chose to make a sound, although i very recommend good game very fun
jogo muito bom
jogo bom pra krl 10/10 ri pra krl
Mega geiles Game
floating head gave me straight teeth 10/10
10
Spiel des Jahres.
its fun
it ok
god is dead, and we are but scavengers, picking at his besotted corpse like butterflies. no esteemed deed is done here, no place of honor his here.
10/10
You will definately understand how loud a soundboard can get
good
toll :D
This game made me shit myself and piss myself
Demasiado gracioso para jugar con amigos
1000000/10
good
it is very funny to play with friends
Super fun game cant wait to play more
Super jeu jouer entre amis, good vibe et chill.
Le meilleur truc, c'est d'avoir le plaisir d'hurler sur ses potes quand ils viennent de casse une statue 20k$ >:(
Pour le jeu c'est :
Lancer une game avec ses potes, faire le premier niveau, le puis quand on arrive au shop, ton pote te jette une grenade dessus et te fume. Donc tu ALT-F4, puis un peu tu as re-envie de jouer et donc tu refais une game et tu recommences tout encore et encore.
My first ever mission with my friend the dude with the gun shot both of us before we made it to the first room 10/10
i love this goofy game 5 stars
8/10
beepboop
very fun, 10/10 would recommend
i like it the monsters are cool some bugs but awsome
funny emoji robot game. this is just what having a minimum wage job is like in year-of-our-lord current year.
This game sucks. Dont buy it
z z z z z z
its just lethal company all over again but with a cart, different monsters, and physics.
This game is bad as it is, but very fun.
Might be awesome when it is finished.
largest gripe I have is with enemies that de-spawn out of nowhere just because they spawn to be between you and objective camping only path to the objective.
Been tailing monster to dead ends waiting for them to come back, but nope not going to happen they despawn to spawn somewhere else to be between you and the objective on a bottle neck, if possible.
That is just bullshit artificial difficulty scaling, but the game is still fun.
Just died to an enemy only host saw correctly she is bad at telling information in "scary games". for me it looked like the invisible guy (I wanted a free ride), but it was robe. 10/10 games bad, but fun
Really fun with lots of friends.
sluuuuuuuut
JA
la gente que lo compara con lethal tienen buenas razones, pero veo este juego mas chill y no tan estricto, si quieres diversion y terror sin preocuparte por lo demas anda, compra repo, pero siquieres lo anterior con mayor ambientacion, mas terror y una dificultad mas elevada y compleja, lethal company gana por mucho (igual yo tengo ambos asi que bruh)
very nice
fun
i love this game its so fun :3
spoooookyy
12
this game cool but do not get molest. i wank it to the frog, cheers!
had a round where four little ducks followed me great game.
6
k
Pibe que andas viendo
este
Got in the game. See weird baby. Baby throws red barrel at me. die.
Best game in a while. crying laughing and staying up way too late. 10/10 recommend.
Es jodidamente divertidisimo fascinantemente acojonante. Que risas x) Por fin un buen Coop
dont go collecting dust on me now, friendslop game!
dunder
Funny game for rituals
muito bagual
Super Game! sehr Hoch.!
Text to speech funny things while being chased by monsters and hearing your friends scream. 10/10
360
10 10
it good
10 10
divertidisimo con amigos ,no jugar solo
good game
quem gosta merece viver
A fun and quirky lil game for 10 bucks that is amazing if you playing with friends.
Fun with the gang as always
THE GOAT THE GOAAAATTTTT
I saw my friend lose their virginity in this game
very fun game with your friends and alot of scary monsters lol
im jorking it
je pleur
11/10
Il est bien
great game to play with your buddies
Good fun with friends.
much fun very nice
scary
Demasiado divertido con amigos y jugar solo igual tiene su dificultad, agreguen monstruos y mapas, el juego va por muy buen camino y agregar espacio para jugar entre mas jugadores como 8.
grande jogo para dar altas risadas e se divertir com os amigos
Perfekt spille med vennegjengen, uavhengig av :)
funny asf w/ Friends
Cheap fun! Chaos and terror and some off the funniest random moments with close friends! This game is a breath of fresh air and the replayability of it is fantastic. I am so glad that it is priced at $10, nothing is harder than trying to convince friends to buy the newest $70 game, but $10 makes it so that so many more people can play it, or is so much easier to buy for friends that cant afford it!
yes
Fun and hilarious horror game. Great to play with friends.
my new comfort game
I LOVE THE EMOJI DONT LISTEN TO THE HATERS
Me encanta, muy divertido en Tiene mecanicas interesantes para poder avanzar, los monstruos son bastantes variados, cada uno se puede derrotar de diferente forma.
Es muy adictivo
SUCH A GREAT GAME IT IS SO FUN! AND SCARY I LOVE IT ITS ALSO FUNNY
It's a lot of fun. worth the money
24/7
first time i went with the hype and im unironically loving it. even if its just with one friend its a dayum banger. gets messy with multiple players but thats just because of the players who cant work in a team. you learn to trust, kill, prank, love and hate your friends in a new way! 10/10 game. although i feel it has replay value because of the variety of maps and enemies i do understand that singleplayer may not be for everyone
Fun
vuree gurd
Juegazo
muy buen juego, un cago de risa con amigos 10/10
macht bock :)
muy divertido sinceramente pero hay que pulirlo que es un juegazo
love it
10 10
11\10
its a very fun and scary game to play with friends or strangers
I love every second I've played of this- unfortunately, my friends are terrible about actually consistently playing games, but when we do I have a lot of fun.
Steam banner makes it look like a low-quality asset flip, but it's NOT that.
good ahh game fr
The genetic opera
Went in to steal a TV, ended up running from a ghost and tripping over my own teammates. 10/10, would definitely panic and break stuff again.
Super fun with friends I always love to knock them over or get them killed
MARAVILHOSO, OTIMO PRA JOGAR COM OS AMIGOS E RIR BASTANTE
tanto terror, recomendo)
nice game needs more content tho
gogo
-
simplemente sex- no,no hermoso xd
Fun Game To Play With Friends
incroyable
FUN
Is it possible to get help because y save was replaes with some starnge save from 2024 and it is maxed.
quero matar esse pato filho da puta
the head goes crazy in this game
hello
good
Very good game. Looking forward to updates from devs. Trumps lethal company or content warning ect.
its good
I would def give this game an 8 out of 10.
It definitely feels like a funner version of Lethal company but with the insanity of trying to collect and drag items to your next extraction point, the unique monsters encounter, interesting level design and layout as it gets harder. I have so much with my new friends recently and it feels like a game that is worth playing and sharing the laughs, loves, and pain all together.
I will say is I would like to see more customization added to the game, more levels and areas to add. maybe a slight overhaul on choosing the next area or location but keep the randomization and difficulty increase per level.
I do believe this game will be big and I am glad I found it and playing it so much. I hope it comes to other consoles like PS, Xbox, switch, and VR.
11/10
very silly
my dad: lets give this game a while to update. me: ? i love this game!
Very fun and challenging. They need to make it where you can find other players but I think that will come with updates. In the meantime feel free to join this discord ch to meet other players and make a squad.
yes
muito bom, trabalhando tranquilo ate levar um susto e imprimir sua alma.
I seen a baby. I smashed a toy robot on baby until it die. Great Game. 11/10!
R.E.P.O. is an incredibly fun and chaotic experience that my friends and I get enough of. The character the absolutely hilarious, adding to the charm. I usually enjoy games without a clear end goal, but R.E.P.O. is an exception thanks to its humor and incredible replayability. The variety of upgrades and unique items keeps each playthrough fresh, and with procedurally generated maps, never play the same layout twice. The monsters are another one is completely unique, and you never really know what capable of until too late (which usually means already dead, but at least be prepared next time!). Whether playing solo or with a group of friends, this game is an absolute blast. I highly recommend giving it a shot, even if just might surprise you!
pq si
why so sigma
i love the part were i had sex with the other guys
funny game
brilliant
very fun and hilarious. shit gets intense at times too lol.
silly ahh game, i love it
Muito divertido porem jogar com animais de pessoas torna um tanto a gameplay. muito
Me tirou muitas risadas que me fizeram chorar de rir e parar de respirar
jogo
es my
Jogo bonito, Jogo formoso.
Uma pena que ainda sem servidor.
Quem quiser joga add ai
:3
TRES BON JEUX
GREAT TO PLAY WITH YOUR FRIENDS
ts pmo not better than lethal company but cool concept for a couple month game again.
Fun, funny, co-op horror. 10/10
gute
amazing
Fura, de Ha van az embernek lehet.
fun game fun fun game
me and my friends have played nothing but this game and marvel rivals it has ruined me /
I love getting minimum wage for being in highly dangerous situations, 10/10 would recommend.
don't play this game alone
A new fresh goofy physic's based multiplayer game about going into abandon locations and finding fragile valuables all while avoiding monster's. Overall great game still has little bugs but the game dev's are doing their best.
They somehow made lethal company better
o jogo so os zoiudo,aqui ri mais doq joga.Um velho cego me matou pq chamei ele de broxa
10/10
I can't recommend this game enough. I decided to get this game because I heard it was similar to Lethal Company and it is absolutely just as good as it. I've been playing mostly singplayer almost non-stop for the past couple weeks and it has been super fun :D. It's also a great game to play with friends
si
Yes I would!
buh
good
yes very good game
so cool
Beep boop me move loot. Blow up friend?
Great fun, Chaos with friends
good game
hay porno lesbico
This game is like trying to help your friend move furniture, but everything they own is 1000 years old and not put together properly, and the other friends they invited to help are trying to get revenge for something that happened 16 years ago. Also they have pets that are dead set on making sure that everything you do goes poorly, and also the house is haunted. 9/10
Its very fun pls update
I hate this game because my friends
best funny game ever
bu oyuna ekleyenin ben annesini hurda olana kadar sikeyim tek kelime ile yarrak gibi oyun
I love being able to dolphin-dive into my friends and launch them of a bridge.
supposed to be scary but in reality, funny as shit
really good game but needs to get rid of one monstor
Such a funny game
es muy good
<3
is gud gham
Story Bots fall on hard times and become R.E.P.O. experts to pay off their debts. Comes with shenanigans from fellow team mates and an adorable duck who's tempting to touch (touch him i dare you.). Hours of fun with friends which promises laughs (and frustration). Honestly 10/10
YES YES YES
Very good
720 10 10
I watched a blind elderly man fall down the stairs and it was the best moment of my life 10/10
Really fun game if it works. It has issues with voice chat (not being able to hear or talk to your friends, tried every angle of troubleshooting) and Client Timeouts and you have to uninstall and reinstall every time to roll the dice on having a liveable experience. Will change this once it gets fixed.
This is by far the best game I have played in a long while. When I play with my friends in this game I laugh like a mad man this game is so much fun and I hope all of you enjoy it as much as I do.
So far I have only played single player but it has been great. I am not scared easily, but this game has actually made me jump a few times now. I love it. I just purchased it for my son who has been playing on my computer so we can play together.
It would be cool have a better hand eye coordination perspective. As a person who already lacks in that field this is trickier on this game, haha.
I like that there are objects that you cannot lift, but if you use your brain you can sometimes still get them to the extractor. I cannot wait to try it with my son to see if we can move them together or even lift them together.
The game is made harder by starting back at square one when you die (I die often by myself, I have mastered level one!), this is not a gripe just a statement for others to see as I did not know it did this. I like and dislike this feature. It has made me better in a way because I now know the maps better and with A LOT more practice I can sense the monsters a bit better.
Overall, the game is great. Simple graphics, funny characters, and creepy monsters, DO NOT TRUST THE DUCK!
Funniest shit I have played in long time, better with friends
GOD AMIGO, CON AMIGOS ES MAS GOD YA QUE PODES TROLEAR
this is a fun and one of my fav gaames
l
good
fetty Wap on repeat
Pretty Darn good game
-See game on tiktok
-Buy game
-Open game
-There are no official servers so i try to join someone from community
-Try to join someone from community
-Fail
-Refund Game
-2 Days Later thinking official lobbies will be added soon.
buying the game again
-Try to find lobby from community
-Success
-Lobby's name "If u troll u getting kicked"
-Level 16 4 checkpoints
-Try to help
-Get some heavy items alone
-I Press Q
-Someone throws me into an acid pit
-Apologizes
-Leave lobby
-Refund the game
Will buy it again 100%
after some days of playing, of the community is trolling and toxic.
If only mods can save the game from this well F
-
-
-
Igra je prva klasa nema bolje <3
Robot Tzigan Simulator
ive only played a bit of the game so far, and genuinly have had so much fun. ive never been told to quiet down more than when i played with my friends, genuine 10/10 i love this game so much. ive only played 3.5 hours so far and honestly suggest this to everyone trying to bond, it may create goofy villians however, its worth it if you havent already, invest in repo. invest. worth it. i love R.E.P.O .invest.
REPO
Great game, only thing I would suggest is 2nd floor with stairs and elevators
Super fun extraction game to play with freinds! really look forward to future updates
ggggggggggg
Gin gan gulli gulli galli spiel doch selbst. Und sehr wichtig: VERTRAUE NIE DEINEN MATES! VORALLEM NICHT SCHINKEN!
ta bueno
this game is so freakin funny man if we play with friends many stupid things will happend if we played as a team
These developers deserve the world <3
super fun! the game runs great, and overall i've ran into no problems in this game that weren't client-sided. this game takes a really fun new spin on the multi-player loot collecting style of gameplay with all the physics thrown into it! the devs are also great, and genuinely listen to the community suggestions. if you don't have it already, 100% consider buying it!
good
HUUUUH! X_x'
Fabuleux.
GOOD
AMAZING GAMEEE
best game ive ever bought
the muppets enter homes and steal people's family heirlooms
ten friends tossed into pits out of ten
Justo cuando buscaba un videojuego con el cual socializar pues sufro de ansiedad y la verdad no tengo amigos que jueguen, juego, debo destacar que no puedo jugar juegos de miedo pues tengo ansiedad y puede que me de un infarto porque sufro de miedo constante sin ninguna pero de haber visto demasiados gameplays de gente realmente bien, me anime a comprarlo y puedo decir que es la mejor compra que he hecho en meses, aparte de que socializas, las risas nunca faltaran, ni siquiera conozco a nadie de las personas con las que juego y me la paso tan bien, por cierto que el miedo que le tenia a ciertos mobs, que si te sientes solo, por favor compra repo no te buenos amigos :D.
pd: si puedes entrar a las lobbies moddeadas de 15 peruanos, argentinos, mexicanos, etc, Hazlo!, me lo agradeces luego ;).
great combination with sound pad
got picked up by a hidden and dropped me next to 3 robes. 10/10
[h1]G.O.T.Y.[/h1]
good
obra de arte
fire game, would reccomend
super fun with friends and randos a good time its nice to have a newer game that has a different concept
PEGUE SEUS AMIGOS E JOGUE.
literalmente isto, uma dose de MUITO legal.
Friend died within seconds of entering the castle.
ta wapo en verda
leck eier
addicting
Game is exellent was about to complain about things but they are apparently being adressed in next patch.
greafg
A game where you have one tryhard and a couple retards on a team, as the tryhard myself i have been emotionally abused and molested by my friends.
10/10, i love some dom daddys.
If you buy this game you should spend another 5 bucks on soundpad or else this game is useless and boring.
hot garbage game for 4"10's who do not exit there home
A casual indie game great with friends, Might get over ten hours playtime if you really get into it, i reckon avg payers would stop around 10hrs.
But i wanted to write this review to commend the developers for introducing new mechanics similar title's don't do.
such as the text to speech or the voice changer type enemies and i could go on.
Its crazy cheap for the level of polish,depth and craft behind it and the maps changing as you progress is cool!
Thanks for the hard work, the gaming industry needs more dev's like these guys!
dont slam ur desk with a plate on it
best horror game i've ever played with friends, 10/10 on every aspect a horror game should have.
i
funny
ling gan guli guli wata linga
LOOT FOR THE REPO GODS
baskemball
they call me the R.A.P.E.I.S.T.
Fun
Mega Gut
Hella fun with friends!
oui
I KEEP GETTING KIDNAPPED AND MOLESTED BY A MAN I CANT SEE
I THINK THIS GAME IS A GREAT GAME BUT THE GAME IS REALLY LAGY AND IF I PLAY IT KICKS ME OFF AND IF I PICK THINGS UP IT WILL LAG AND FREEZE BUT IT IS A REALLY GOOD GAME AND THE ONLY WAY IT LAGS IS IF YOUR PLAYING ON MULTIPLAYER IT WILL LAG BUT NOT ON SINGLE PLAYER
AGUANTE REPO
repo
yeah this game cool me and my freinds be having a blast on this game
absolute cinema
my friends look funny
Fun
Whoever was responsible for the eyeball movement in this game needs a raise!
UPPP DOWNNN UPPP DOWNNN
drunkards frind is dying in a stupid way 10/10
a wonderful experience
hella fun
love it
Yes it fun it funny is scary
3 ._.
nice
Ist Arschritze und Overhyped
Muy divertido. Lore'
I love this game its fucking amazing
This game is hilarious with friends. The more the merrier lol. There is quite the learning curve as you encounter monsters and how to work around them while getting that sweet sweet tax rebate. X"D
habibiiiiiii
I can explode, my friends can run by blasting Fetty Wap before getting one shot, and there's a duck that's most easily killed by flushing in down a toilet.
10/10 game.
funny
boom
"Be quiet, shotgun man"
Gets shot!
"F me."
absolute comedy
W Game, W Developers, W Discord, W Insights/Q&A. Must play with friends, many friends! Hyped for 1.0!
Doe alsof je zwart bent simulator 10/10
its worth it
jrebnj3kw;BGKLJQWEBUJGBHWVH;lv
Alessio, mi manca il tuo profumo
I hate my friends
I thought this was a meme game that tried to copy Lethal Company.
It's actually better and you can play the game solo without any problems. More fair and fun than lethal company, with multiple hiding spots, and rewards you if you manage to kill the monsters.
Indie goty 2025
this game is so so silly! i love playing it with friends and i can't stop laughing at how funny it is!
I cried laughing. its amazing!
i actually didnt like it
y
Le jeu est marrant 3 ou a 4
good
this game is awesome, I kiss the hands of the developers. I'm waiting for the release of the full version of the game. I love grandpa, especially when he connects aim. best wishes to R.E.P.O.
kiss
incredible
great game
HAHAHAHA
JOGO MT PICA
we built like the android logo.
really fun better then lathal company
great game
waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay better than lethal company
10/10 game
lethal company but a bit better
both games are peak but please keep this game alive devs
so funny horror - for monsters
Do not let this game distract you from the fact that Mr krabs sold spongebobs soul for 62 cents.
goofy ahh game
yeas
the letter w
paid for this game and the multiplayer doesn't even work
Masterpiece.
Jogo muito produtivo para chamar aqueles amigos para comer uma cuca e um salame ainda mais com esses personagem que mexe a boca quando fala, torna o jogo muito mais interativo o portando quando tem um amigo que mora em dez de maio que quer jogar com os amigos torna dificil realizar a gameplay diaria do jogo, enquanto ele troca os amigos de verdade que frequentariam a cidade mais proxima para ajudar o amigo a se aliviar no fm, mesmo durando apenas 15 minutos ele continua sendo o nosso alemao preferido de dez de maio, acreditamos que seu potencial e muito melhor doque isso e o tempo que e relativa por questao da terra que gira ao redor do sol torna o nosso amigo um verdadeiro guerreiro portando seu cajado magico que atrai interesse de todas as gatinhas do sul do parana, portando quando ele sai para a trilha fazendo seu randandan ele custumar a atrai mais de 5 gatinhas para o abate na sua residencia localizada no sul do parana numa cidade chamada de dez de maio, somando o tempo gerado pela terra e pelo seu tempo no fm, sabemos que se somarmos o tempo divido pelas 5 gatinhas chegaremos no resultado de 75 minutos uma incrivel maquina.
A much more polished lethal company. RNG enemies are straight forward, and the game itself is fairly forgiving for the genre. Favorite Homie Horror Coop game at the moment.
idk
very good and fun but please make it available from macs please
It's really fun to play with friends! Laughter and yeah! All of those things! R.E.P.O. Is really fun to play with my friends! I laugh off it really a LOOTT! It's also been an comfort game of my own! I do recommend it to people who are new! But also play with friends, it's WAY more fun that way! Anyways Hope this game gets more popular!
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOO headbangs are top tier
gr8 game. v good. much happy.
r.e.p.o.
This game very fun and funny
Funny little robot things. Haha.
It's enjoyable, very funny.
muy divertido y gracioso para jugar con amigos, mas que terror es suspenso en mi pero no quita que sea tenso en momentos y hasta en esos momentos sigue siendo gracioso el juego
IT SCARY
I swing my bot till i telekinesis.
dam fun as f
Actually i had more fun in R.E.P.O then in Lethal Company :D
gud, funny and scawy
peak gameplay
the cringe emoji banner is growing on me.
Jogo muito bom pra se divertir com amigos 10/10
2 kadar keyifli
Jogo bom pra k7
BOOM! Shotgun Guy blows up the floor,
PEW-PEW! Laser Frog zaps even more.
QUACK! The Duck? stealing my loot,
While Gnomes rampage, yelling, to
My friends hit self-destruct, they say,
But all they achieve is blowing me away.
They trip, they fall, they laugh as I cry,
With pals like these, eternally die.
very tasty
Amazing game you can tell the work and effort put into development
Mit Freunden zu spielen, kann mega viel machen.
its good
sacma sapan bisi
Gling Glang Guli Guli
jea22
King of the losers, hell yeah
cabezon y la ctm me asustaste, pero no pasa nada, todo quedo en buena, no hubo ningun tipo de confrontacion, todo chill. juego god
10 10
is like dipping ur balls in sulfuric acid
very fun to play with friends and even better with a soundboard
yes
BEST GAME SUPER FUNNY LMAO
Another great game similar to Lethal Company, Highly recommend. small company, but they strive to make the game better. Multiple maps and bosses out, and more said to be coming. Fun times.
Solo por el ciego retrasado cayendose por las escaleras ya vale completamente la pena.
Divertido con amigos.
360
10\10
Jogo incrivel para jogar com amigos e se divertir com seus gritos de meninas.
jogar solo aterrorizante.
Extremely funny game if you play with your friends
incroyable
Its gool game, funny
Incredible game with friends. Always laughing until our sides hurt, and just having ridiculous shenanigans left and right.
Please, though, swap out that cheap jumpscare emoji mascot and use a Semibot.
Vaya puta risa de juego. Perfecto para jugar por la noche con los panas
Seriously one of the funniest games to play with friends. The laughs never end.
this game is fun af, its funny, entertaining and addictive. deffo recommend for anyone who is thinking about getting it.
FLINT AND STEEL
rugrat needs to be brought to a back yard shot then dumped in a full trash can
very goated
Bom demais, pena que perdi meus amigos depois desse jogo
Got chased by a chef frog with knives, by a giant floating head, blind dude with shotgun, by invisable dude, 10 times i almost got heart attack and almost died.
10/10
funny
Insanely well made. nice balance between fun, creepy and chaotic.
MJZBN GHJCNJ 10/10
it certainly is
this god damn baby the fuckin "rugrat" pmo icl that piece of bacon just runs around and desteroys all ur valuables and then the fucking head guy just swoops in for the kill because the rugrat succesfullt ragebaits you into using all ur stamina chasing it and then u have no stamina to run away from the head guy so he kills u while ur trying to run away during this the stupid fucking piece of shit baby picks up a random ocarina and hurls it at you causing you to fall and be left completely helpless against the giant head and youre under 50 hp because youve been chasing that stupid ass fucking baby the whole round and ur one tap with no way of escaping the giant head.
Utterly stupid and I vibe with it heavily 10/10
GOD
BLABLABLEBLBABLABLABLEBLEBUUU
Allright this game?
Just fucked me to hell and back.
Screaming wife? Check
Calling things names that cant even have names? Check
Shit myself now and then and not after eating chinese? CHECK
Other then that a good bloody good game if you ask me!
Good for 2 player but hard, we now got a 4 man group and doing great but still looking for the hourglass that would make my day.
prediligo sia un gioco bello e lo
Sinceramente, esse jogo de ser mt bom, os devs muito atenciosos a comunidade, os cara fazem video brincando e dando risada enquanto respondem pergunta dos jogadores, de tentarem fazer o maximo de para nos alegrar, o do jogo na minha ja valeu por ter um grupo de amigos q devs e muita a
Bean
Lethal Company with a Moving Simulator twist.
Fun for a few party nights with the crew.
Populer gibi bir yok ben pek
Valentino Khan - Pump simulator
can you add el hermano
Lo que mas te mata no son los monstruos, sino tus
10/10
As a Horror Looter style game. This is one of the best.
Solo I just tried to loot a bunch of stuff. I heard the door open. But i have played with friends. So I forgot that monsters can open doors. Anyway I turned around and instantly got beaten to death by the monster. It actually made me jump a little.
10/10 - A game that managed to jump scare me and I enjoyed it. There was nothing to make me jump, until I actually was attacked.
I played last night with 5 friends and we got through a few levels on my first run. Really enjoyed myself and even when we failed. We had fun battling out the king of the losers. It was fun after we failed
I watched Valkyrae and OfflineTV play this game and it looked good. Its so much better to play. I would recommend friends though or at least 4 to 5 players. Dying does not mean game over. You can be revived, as long as one survives and takes your head back to base or extracts your head as loot.
fun
at this rate even though lethal company is kinda dying this game is a lethal company killer, like overwatch and Marvel Rivals
very fun game
this game is a lot of fun with peps and solo
i love watching my friends lose their mind and go through the five stages of grief funniest shit ever
this game got a lot of potential with more updates
one thing i would love to see is that when you die you come back with 25 hp instead of 1 hp.
so you don't die by running into a wall or gnome hitting you with a pickaxe in the nuts
or give us customization options for the hosts so we can change setting so we can make custom runs
were we can change the amount of health we come back with
or how much money you make forum stuff. and how much money we lose from damaging it
sorry of any grammar errors or spelling mistakes
Fun
Honestly one of the best and funniest horror games I have ever played since Lethal Company.
ling lang guli guli
super fun to play with friends! I tried it myself and it was scary and fun at the same time.
love it <3
Actually it might be a Meme Game but yeah Grab yourself some use your ingame Mic, most Fun i had in a long time
Lethal company si chiant
Presque mieux que Lethal, grave golri en co-op
Prenez vos shabs vous et faites le
Je recommande la famille
good game
it's good
it
now
Play game. Game good.
I got this game from a friend but it's only a few bucks; about $10.
Pretty silly and really cool as well.
DWD
oui c'est bien uwu uwu uwu
performs fine, no crashes, enemies are actually unique and fun to hide from.
linga guli guli guli guli watcha linga guuul linga guuulll linga guli guli guli guli watcha linga guuul linga guuuul
ta re piola ,lastima q mis amigos ratas no lo quieren pagar
mandenme soli para jugar si les copa
sigma
I do love this game, I just wish all of the enemies made some kind of sound to alert you that they're nearby, like I wish the hunter's gun/cane made a tapping sound, and the robe made a ruffly fabric sound or something. The amount of times I turned the corner and immediately got killed from 100 HP by either one of these monsters is crazy. Either make them more audible or make them do less damage. Having both kind of sucks.
Divertido y emocionante
buenardo
me encantaaa jugarlo
The game is entertaining, funny, and has overall good content
got pegged by no-face from spirited away 8/10
MAN ITS AWESOME I KILL MONSTER WITH A BAG OF MONEY! :3
divertido xD
mt bom
It's a good game! If you are looking for a scary game with good graphics then you can look away directly. Are you looking for a really funny and sometimes scary game to play with your friends i can recommend this! 8/10
t
Cool
very good
yes
This is the most fun game I have been playing my friends.
It's easy to get a hold to the mechanics, but the randomness makes it always a fun and, as it gets harder with progress, it is always a challenge for the group to get further on each session.
10/10 will sneeze again and get killed by the Huntman because he spotted me while my mic was open.
Funny as hell.
Repo is big boom big fun
The game is amazing!
gg ez
Great game
Counter the blind dude with the shotgun by screaming as loud as you can.
He also becomes deaf this way. Most people simply don't know about that.
porca madonna il mio amico continua a crashare sto figlio figlio puttana
si
Fortnite will be copying this two seasons from now.
Si no te parece divertido es que no tenes amigos
This game is amazing and hilarious, fun to play with friends and charming in every way. I don't understand why people are hating on the banner I think it looks fine and I like the current icon. Also nerf or get rid of that duck that thing is too OP and annoying when its not after you lol
very fun very annoying
BON JEU
yes very spookie go weoooooo
yeah its fun
super fun, and super replayable. played it several times and still have so much to try out still.
e
fire game worth your money
/
jogo para jogar com amigos. Rende horas de
repo is love repo is life
14
amazing
Pay your bills.
very funny, also scary as hell hahaha
GooooooooooooooooooooOooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood
yes. just yes
1 10/10
17
its funny and i love it
FUNIE
girin :D
fun
Tod Cheeky
funny af
repo anazo buscar
kgue de risa
Honestly super fun to play, even in singleplayer.
Very well made lethal company-like / extraction
YES! it may be still under construction, but its a really good game, its mostly like Dark hours but in its own personal way and with monsters! so far level three is pretty hard since theirs many levels and different points to make money. but I LOVE this game, i play it with family and friends a lot, love it and its pretty funny so i recommend recording during your game!
1 game - random spawns of 8-15 gnomes 2nd map we die instantly? wtf
2nd game we get to map 6th and chill and die of massive ducks and skulls. idk it feels like it is full of random monster spawns which is super inconvinient in a matter of RNG. hard or easy mode? idk shit game fun but bad in terms of are you 2 or 8 players?
Tohle je po Lethal company pecka! S chill hra, v shopu total bomba, jak naposledy :D Kdo
Ta chido
jogo recomendo pacas
Goated game, probably the best horrro-comedy experiece you can get with friends.
Parkour?PARKOUR
funny
vb
gg
You can say the funny word good game
vraiment drole
peak
A Hilariously Terrifying Experience R.E.P.O. is the Perfect Blend of Horror and Humour!
The horror elements are genuinely chilling. The environment is dark, creepy, and filled with all the things that will make you jump out of your seat. The tension is real, and the fear factor is high, especially when being hunted by terrifying enemies.
The multiplayer interactions are also fantastic. Whether teaming up to survive or just trying to outwit each other, the chemistry between players is what makes every match so enjoyable. The humour in your screaming in fear or laughing at a well-timed a layer of fun that keeps things lighthearted, even when things are at their scariest. a perfect blend of horror and comedy that works in a way rarely seen before.
To top it all off, R.E.P.O. has endless repeatability. With random events, ridiculous moments, and unpredictable outcomes, no other game is quite the same. You'll find yourself coming back again and again, not just for the scares, but for the laughs, too.
Overall, the game is one of the funniest games I've ever played! - Definitely Recommended if you have friends to play with.
good game
This Game is FUN and FUNNY you should download it its so worth the money!
DELETE UPSCREAM AND RUGRAT, THEY ADD NOTHING TO THE GAME OTHER THAN TO BE ANNOYING AND THIS GAME GETTING BAD REVIEWS.
Game ultra sex very good team playing, i love this game! Very good too play with teamate)
peak shyt BUY BUY BUY YOU CAN TACKLE PEOPLE AND PICK DEM UP AND THROW IN FIRE
very good game
good game bad emoji
AMAZING
double u double u double u double u double u double u double u double u double u double u double u double u double u double u double u double u double u double u
ich wurde von einem riesen kopf in den arsch gefickt und habe mir danach gefragt ob ich was aus meinem leben machen soll
Que buen juego sobre todo con mi amigo el gordiflon
enayi mali iiyi oyun /persephone
ersten 10 minuten tutorial weiter 10 min ersten monster begegnet gestorben.
weitere 10 min 1 Herzinfarkt.
Weitere 5 minuten Mit freund sanduhr endeckt und zu satan geworden.
im shop noch freund 10/10 ihn wieder
Bestes game
gutes spiel
so fun and chaotic
/
"iT's LiKe LeThAl CoMPAnY! It'S LiKe CoNTenT WaRnInG!1!1!"
Ok, ok, good point. COUNTERPOINT: It's beyond a million times more flushed out than Lethal Company, and the AI of the hostiles feels thousands of times more refined than those in Content Warning. Where both of the aforementioned games fall short, R.E.P.O. succeeds, and it succeeds by a lot.
To say that R.E.P.O. is just a bootleg of either of those games is a close-minded, asinine statement, as there's plenty of things that make the game unique. The movement system alone is a fantastic reason to play it, it's smooth, slow and fast when you want it to be, and extremely responsive. (Implying you're not holding an item, naturally that slows you a bit)
The variety in hostiles, purchasable items, loot, and map design is extremely refreshing because frankly once you've seen 3 different maps in Lethal Company or Content Warning, you've seen 'em all.
This game is absurdly easy to sink hours into, and not in a "I got a rhythm going, forgot I was playing" way. Even when you've died, watching your teammates run around is as entertaining as playing yourself.
Bottom Line, if someone you're wanting to play this with is just using the comparison as an excuse to not play this with you, get it anyways. The game's a blast.
Muy divertido
RUBBER DUCK GO CABOM
fun
big fat man arrives and then maces you to the face; heavily recommend would do again
Lo unico bueno del juego es jugar con amigos y si juegas solo es malo
Muy entretenido con amigos. Los modelso de los personajes jugables en particular son bastante tiernos y bien hechos.
I like the speed upgrade and tiny cart or the strength upgrade :steamhappy:
slurs
con amigos es mejor
super fun! love playing with my friends its funny scary and just pure chaos cant wait for the next update
end friends and bully monsters 101/10
h
Hey one of my friends should get this * WINK *
Do not.
Es una barbaridad de juego, con amigos hay risas aseguradas y sustos garantizados, si quieres pasar una buena tarde de no te lo pienses mas, este es tu juego
no
bom pkrai
buen juego para jugar con amigos
Fun and unique game! I hope we'll get easy/custom difficulty and some kind of progression that carries over after the game ends.
i like this game
sukat cerny lidi :D
i almost shot myself playing this
banger game !?!?!?!?!?!
Absolutely one of the funnest games to play w friends
Is good. The tax man comin
fun/funny best game to play with friends best use to talk with voice chat
its funny and scary at the same time and so fun to play with friends
klasse hammer toll
10 -
lethal recompany
i love yhis game dont let it die pls
Juego todo bueno, se los recomiendo :like:
nice ahh game
Very good with your friends and no worries if you think the game is "done" in a few hours and no content is added. The devs run a youtube chanel where they put weekly updates and also answer some community questions!
Very good game and a very good (and listening) developer team.
que buen juego, me divierto mucho jugando con mis amigos y con mi novio, 10/10
trochu mi to hru Lethal Company, ale mnohem je to sranda jak snad budou updaty
Linganguliguligulilingangulingangu evet tarifi
2bardak
Mascot is god awful but the game is rly fun :)
repo es repolenta
funny friends = fun time
unfunny friends = scary time
no friends = really scary time
Great shenanigans with friends!
Fun
top
In my opinion, no slander / hate to other games, REPO is the BEST horror looter (wtv its called) I have ever played which includes Lethal Company, Content Warning and other games like Murky Divers. REPO is so funny and it approaches everything differently with huge twists of their own and it has the most potential for so many funny moments. The game is only going to get better from here because they still have so much planned and the game just released. PLAY this game, it's worth.
s'good game
Nigfikant
L'emoji est creepy mais sinon entre pote c'est une masterclass
Tolles spiel fehlen aber noch ein paar mehr Monster
game crashes every 2 min
I love physically molesting my friends as a clown with a big ass laser chases us down the hallway.
10/10 would rape again.
Love petting the ducks! They are just so cute and fluffy. The only nice monster in the game. (:
NO NO YOU BROKE THE FUCKING VACE
MOTHER FUCKER
LET ME CARRY IT
GET THE CART
YOU FUCKING BROKE IT
I FOUND 24K THING
FUCK
[h1] lethal company [/h1]
checkpoint
fun with friends and a really good game, i hope there are more updates in the future
Nice game about selling your friends
Io ed un amico entriamo in partita.
Sentiamo rumori e ci nascondiamo.
Do il via libera.
Lui viene beccato dallo spermino volante verde (Spewer) ed inizia ad urlare.
Attaccato al culo Clown che lo lasera, MANCANDOLO, ma tranquilli che il lavoro lo ha finito Mentalist.
Io ho osservato tutto questo nascosta sotto un tavolo.
10/10.
Absolute cinema.
Que buen juego para cagarse de risa por que no vez un enemigo y te caga todo, asi que recomendadisimo para jugar y reirse de la cantidad de situaciones que se viven
This game has been a trip. Several times since playing this game, I've been doubled over in laughter unable to breathe.
Mechanics wise, this game takes Lethal Company and improves on the things to make it fair and balanced. Not only including items to give you a chance to fight back, but you get upgrades on various stats to help make endgame better.
I know this game is still very early access, but matchmaking and public lobbies has the potential to take this game to the next level.
IMO, 4 people minimum in a group setting to maximize the experience. The price tag makes it well worth the value.
RETRIEVE
EXTRACT
PROFIT
OPERATE as a team
R.E.P.O good :]
mega geil und lustig
pod pivo poidet
you uhhhh run, and find le looot, and then u uuuhh u come back, to the base thingy ma bob, and then u yeah
you uhh blast off and u buy shop thing and then yea
Ging gang goolie goolie goolie goolie watcha,
Ging gang goo, ging gang goo.
te cagas de risa si tenes amigos :(
10/10
Game good.
One of the best and funniest games I HAVE EVER PLAYED. YOU HAVE TO PLAY THIS FRIENDS. ITS A MUST!
funny
*Shotgun* AHHHHHHHHHH *Kid* AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH *Eye* OCH *Hourglass* OH MY GOD
scawy
Yakub!
Very Good
es el mejor juego estilo lethal
best game veer
very fun
solid game love being killed by my friends (Frentictree)
great game to play with friends
Il est bien, surtout si vous aimez les jeux la Lethal Company.
I L.O.V.E T.H.I.S G.A.M.E
PONGAN LOGROS HDP
funny game
i love this game
TOP
soundpad
gfhjfgj
Best herror funny game ever
rhis game has changed my life, i have felt so much happy hormones in my brain
friends that are D*CKS + ALCOHOL + REPO = FUN
my friend made me fall and killed me while screaming jbl speaker i chose you
Fainulka toks
sdas
Better than a Diddy party
Yes
to
good fun game a bit scary
yes
gud game
yes
The banner with the emoji literally stopped me from buying this. My friend showed me gameplay and it sold me. Change your banner, it's actively hurting your sales.
super fun and funny
This game is the game of horror games. This is lethal company but on steroid
I FUCKING LOVE IT XD its so funny.
best wewewewewewewewewewewe
bombardilo crocodilo
Good. Scary solo. Funny multiplayer. I likey.
fun game would love more locations and monsters tho
BETE DE JEUX!
fuck
Good game
this game is so funny with friends.
Enemies make 0 noise
You revive with 1 health
No Indication you can complete the level
Cant hear your friends from more than one room away
Nothing more than a badly made lethal company, the fun runs out after an hour
At least the weapons in lethal company are fucking usable.
The game is fun with friends. Can get pretty tedious with the enemy spam. Worth the money to play with friends but I dont recommend it solo or if you dont have a friend to play with.
Gamenya sangat bagus, teman teman saya menjadi compe main game ini. Recommend game mantap
sehr gutes spiel und macht sehr viel kann es nur empfehlen
this is the most funniest game ive played
1 2 6
Can kill babies. 10/10
Can't trust nobody after pressing Q
kill your friends kill all of them kill them all
very funny game
beste
u can say n word
ESTO ES UN GOTY
Fun lil' game.
very funny game hahaha
blehblehblheblublublu. Linggonguliguliguuuliii wata, lingon gooooo, ling gon goooo
Great game I got 6 strenght upgrades and held a baby to death
PEAK, ABLULUTE PEAK
dont look at the big ghost
best game
Auf der Heide ein kleines
very fun game
da da da
Fun for the first 2 hours I played. After that though it just felt like "grab stuff, inevitably break it, die to something, wait until you get respawned (this gets worse the earlier you die), repeat." That plus the stamina just being so slow it just gets painful after a little bit.
fun if you have friends
Wenardo
:)
To be honest, this game is really fun. I don't know about you, but i feel like the horror aspects are fun. I love trolling my friends, and them trolling me back, So mostly i'd recommend this game, as it's really fun. Really replayable and pretty good graphics
almost shat my pants when hufsa came for me
great game
bla bla bla ble ble ble blu blu blu
si
twas a peak experiance
good)
Holy crap, I was gifted this game by a friend, and even though I'm a coward this game is insanely fun
Si haz jugado a otro juego del estilo,ya sabes a que vienes
Es un muy buen juego. Claramente es un tipo "Lethal Company" pero con sus propias mecanicas para el mismo objetivo que es conseguir cosas y vender para avanzar.
A diferencia del ya mencionado Lethal. Este titulo es mas gracioso que de terror. Si, si hay momentos de sustos y asi. Pero normalmente te vas a estar riendo por las animaciones de los personajes. Y tambien se pierde un poco el factor "miedo" ya que tienes un minimapa que te marca la salida (Solo al final de la ronda)
El juego hace uso de las fisicas, lo cual le da un plus de dificultad. Es muy divertido con amigos,no eh probado el modo single pero no le veo tanto atrativo.
A mi punto de vista este juego tiene un par de detalles. (Aparte del loop jugable, que es lo normal)
1- La exploracion pierde un poco porque tienes un minimapa que te marca objetos, muertes o la "tienda"
2- Si moriste al principio puede ser que te toque esperar mucho tiempo en que te revivan,porque dependes 100% de la toma de decisiones de tus amigos. Y los mios no son la bombilla mas iluminadad de su casa.
3- En verdad va de la mano con el anterior punto pero el que no haya un tiempo limite. Creo que si hubiese un tiempo limite le daria a este juego un extra. Lo digo porque me paso muchas veces que yo o amigos, nos tomabamos todo el tiempo del mundo para hacer una ruta perfecta. Que si, es parte de la gracia de este juego. pero si quiza en las opciones del lobby lo dejara activar, creo que seria un buen
En resumen dentro de su categoria le doy un 8/10
Mariuana preety cool
pls like and subscribe my steam chanel my
Really enjoying this game with friends, we dont even take it that serious, becuase it is THAT fun. Amazing game
me cago en la cabeza de mierda
had a heart attack, my frinds and I yelled and killed each other
100/10 game
Laugh and scream loud as u can when u see your friends Die.
lazy. left click barely works. monsters attack through walls. fun but made terribly
Amazing game that is funny, challenging, and most importantly affordable.
Overall: 8.5/10
Ultra fun pour jouer en coop
FUN!
this is incredibly scary but also incredibly good with friends
sim
123123123123123131231312
THE CRAFTING TABLE
20/10 y god
best game
fun game :)
sitemofdawum
quegod
0/10 would not recomend
ruind my relationship with my brother
This game is great and fun. Even better with mods
11 10
ender pearl
goi WWW
sigmer
Hid in a basket without knowing my friends were dead for like 5 minutes.
10/10
(Also will echo the sentiment, I saw this game a fair few times and the emoji banner literally made me not want to look into it)
fun but harder than your dad
Very fun, Dare say I enjoy it even
Taxman killed me :(
dfd
Ich schliesse mich den positiven Bewertungen an. Macht richtig Bock.
Its really fun when playing with your friends
gamno
funny af
10 10. 10 10 10 10
Lin gan guli guli guli wacha, lin gan guuuu, lin gan guuuuuuuu
What a crazy fun game!
Text to speech slurs, absolute cinema.
amazing game
0_0
Laukas nubas
funni lil guys
Funny
Jogo muito e divertido, pra jogar com os amigos, ainda no mas possui muitos mods fica ainda mais divertido
very game with randos or friends i enjoy the aspect of the game and how it is made so far
que, Los Pitufos
Papa Pitufo y Pitufina.
.son Pitufos
the game is awesome even in early access fun to play with friends or no
Top za svoi money
Puedo escribir nigger en el chat
its da bomb
Its better than lethal.
ekipsel sararsal oyunsal
its repo lmao
es ist ein sehr witziges und auch sehr interaktives Horror Game das mit der richtigen anzahl an freunden sehr viel macht
Funnier lethal company
saw my friends explode, their heads are now in a cart and im lost
ses rigolo quand tu ramene un item et tes pote cours et hurle
I've not played a lot, but I've seen it online and the game is really funny and at the same time scary. Recommend it a lot!
Best coop game, worst emoji
gogogo
Amazing and funny to play with friends
lost sound in repo completely, any fix don't work. Please do consider a hotfix
g
5 5
Muito divertido, para saber se o seu amigo um ser pensante
SCARY AND COOL SIGMA GAME
Fire game
good game would play yay
[h2][b]This game is FANTASTIC.[/b][/h2]
It's such a well done game for early access, lots of fun with friends, lots of re-playability and it's brand new.
The devs are amazing at keeping players updated. Lots of updates to come.
Honestly, great job. Great game.
kolega daniel nie spotkania z kaczuszkom
20388$/20389$
fajny horror ale nie mam
Really funny and goofy perfect to play with your friends or even alone even though i like the multiplayer version better.
sponge bot me bob stop dropping the loot you're loosing all me money
Fun Game
Great game, played it with my friends, was very funny when i saw my friend running from a giant head and screaming.
Its its 10x more fun when you make it fun using soundboards or just trolling the monsters or you friends.
10/10 would recommend to someone that want to have fun with friends.
lethal company set the bar for these kind of games, and repo vaulted that bar. peak gameplay
Very fun game I would recommend.Only downside is that to play multiplayer you need steam friends.But solo is also super fun.
the game is. fun with friends its like lethal company but more fun the texts chat is soooooo fun and the monters are so good and scary i love it 10/10 good game play it nowwwwww
its great
repo
yes
One of the best cooperative games
dtctkj eufhyj
12 10
good game blyat
Where PING-Fix?
smasung
Buen juego,pero necesitas amigos y me cago en el abuelo y la plumilla del pato gay 10/de parras
peak
eglenceli gerilim
amazing friendly fire mechanics
so funny
f the opps
This game is a whole lot of fun and its very clear the developers care about it. People can make comparisons to Lethal Company as much as they want but overall this game has its own charm and unique feel to it. Grab a handful of friends and you'll have a great time
top
Perfect game!
-
-
-
-
-
10 10
bombs.
kimsem yok olsa zevkli oyun gene de
saw my friend got shot in the face while singing maroon 5
I have played this game both solo and with friends many times, with friends it is extremely fun. Solo this game is horrible, it is actually not fun really at all solo due to the fact that you get get into a bullshit scenario too quickly and then your game is instantly over. Like why is an invisible guy able to hand deliver me to a blind guy with a gun, why can those foot creatures hit the duck and cause it to kill me when I didn't even hit it. I would recommend playing this game with at least two friends. I wish there was a "matchmaking" feature, howeverr if the studio is small I can see how it could be tedious to implement.
good game
uhmm i pushed the cart to my friend and then he died to a monster
esta bueno para jugar con amigos y si te quieres sentir nervioso tambein puedes solo
BLA BLA BLA
BLE BLE BLE
BLU BLU BLU
HA
BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU BLU
LOOK LOOK LOOK
honestly it's a blast to play! i was hesitant because of the (really ugly) emoji mascot, but the game itself has been very enjoyable with my friends! i personally was able to get into this game way easier than i was with lethal, i actually have fun in this game. i adore the tts and the general wackiness my friends and i can cause, and i did experience some actually really good, scary atmosphere when i was the last one standing. overall it's not super scary, but it *can* become tense.
i highly recommend repo for those looking for a fun time with their friends :)
Great fun with friends and can be very spooky at times its a PERFECT Blend!
Highly Recommend.
there is a glitch i keep getting every-time i save the game it restart to day one
but the game itself is fun an all but that is a very main issue i hope they fix soon.
This game would be a 10/10 if only the emoji banner wasn't there. Pls get rid of the emoji banner, 9/10.
Lethal Company was amazing, It opened my eyes to a whole new genre i didn't look much into and never realized how funny it could be when you and your friends are a bunch of idiots. Then Came around content warning, It was a decent Take on the Lethal Company Formula. But this game, This game is amazing! From the character design, to the stupid humor its everything lethal is scaled to 100. 10/10!
one of my favorite game, in the R.E.P.O. discord you can join other server if you dont have friends! is so cool!
w
SARIYO
Would recommend with friends
fun
GEIL
zabawa w chuj tylko kolege trzeba miec a to trudno w tych czasach
maravilla de juego
It's all fun and games until the damn ghost grabs you and kidnaps you to the far side of the map, only to throw you down on top of a little yellow ducky who then eats your face. 10/10
GAME OF THE YEAR!
skibid rizz
made friends, died a lot, got sloppy from a very large head, shot by a grandpa, thrown around by KSI and all my friends threw me in a pit at least 18 times. 10/10
I dislike how I'm forced to enter something for a review. sometimes? you just have nothing to say.
best game to play with friends i really recommend
its a good game but its hard to find some one to play with (love the game keep it up)
just saying this one time, Text to speech. you're welcome.
fajna giera dla bombograjkow mozna kolege rozjebac i podjebac jak rano o 5 z makowcem
Developed a strong sense of hatred for baby ducklings
10/10
Im the man who killed gus fring
No,Cartel got fring
You my name
Youre Heisenberg?
Youre Goddamn right
iyi oyun herkeze ama benden hem hem komik
laypatis
very good game but i think it should cost a little less
Good game
super fun yayayayaya! the gnomes can eat shit tho ^
Starry nights, sunny days
I always thought that love should be that way
Then comes a time that you're ridden with doubt
You've loved all you can and now you're all loved out
Oooh, oooh, baby, we've been a long, long way
And who's to say where we'll be tomorrow?
Well, my heart says, "No"
But my mind says, "It's so"
That we've got a love
Is it a love to stay?
We've got a wham, bam, shang-a-lang
And a sha-la-la-la-la-la thing
Wham, bam, shang-a-lang
And a sha-la-la-la-la-la thing
Looking at you I wanted to say
I think a little emotion goes a long, long way
Careful now don't get caught in your dreams
Look out baby this is not what it seems
Oooh, oooh baby you've been so good to me
But, please don't make it what it's not
Well, I thought we agreed on what we need
So, listen to me and I'll tell you what we've got
We've got a wham, bam, shang-a-lang
And a sha-la-la-la-la-la thing
Wham, bam, shang-a-lang
And a sha-la-la-la-la-la thing
I think you're seeing what I've been saying
'Cause I hear you singing to the tune I'm playing
Now that it's said and we both understand
Let's say our goodbyes before it gets out of hand
Bye, bye baby, I'd really like to stay
But, we'll remember the best time in our lives
We had a wham, bam, shang a lang
And a sha-la-la-la-la-la thing
Wham, bam, shang-a-lang
And a sha-la-la-la-la-la thing
Wham, bam, shang-a-lang
And a sha-la-la-la-la-la thing
11 10
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
amazing
tam mallar uygun ve biz o bize uygun bir oyun
Funny asf
Fun with friends but we need more maps and more items
10 10
good
game is suuuper fun but PLEASE you gotta get rid of that emoji on the cover it makes the game look like its gonna be some cheap slop
the whole grabbing stuff with this weird thingamajig where physics is applied and you sometimes need more than one person to carry "scrap" to the extractor is very cool, adds a different level of teamwork and cooperation/coordination to the game. I likey
DON'T DROP THE RATING OR YOU'LL LOSE THREE HUNDRED DOLLARS!
carol este inimaginabil de slab
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
hi
This game makes me understand more what fragile means.
This is far better than you would expect. Very FUN and funny game. Only $9.99!
my smoke alarm went off and i got shotgun blasted
bomD+
bon jeu d'horreur, assez difficile jouer. Les monstres n'ont aucune et vous touchent travers les mais super marrant entre potes.
Jeu vraiment fun de A Z, rien que les perso sont a mourir de rire, je vous le conseille pour jouer entre potes, vous de passer des bien
a
fun and casual game to play with friends or your kids, has some fun jump scares and can be challenging as well at times
Juegazo me he reido mucho y me sigo riendo
great game similar to lethal company but more slightly more fun and you can actually fight back against monsters early game
very fun game but sten gei
Il est genial trop drole
very good hra
oyun iyi
If you're loud, like to be over-dramatic, and have a friend or group to play with -> 10/10
i hate the duck.
Gypsy Simulator 2025
[h1] Score: (4/5) [/h1]
This game is such a hilarious experience in co-op. I wish they would change the banner art because it makes it look like a throwaway meme game. The little robots or even any of the monsters would make a much better first impression. The gameplay concept is pretty straightforward having you look for valuables in a location to reach a target monetary amount. The catch is that the game engine is physics based meaning you can (and probably will) break objects if you don't handle them carefully. Heavier objects can require two or more people to move them.
Additionally, being that this is a horror game, there is a plethora of unique monsters that will hunt you during your mission. One particularly hilarious enemy is a blind old man with a gun that will blast away at the slightest sound you make, including voice chat. The in-game chat plays a important role in the horror and hilarity of the game as it proximity based to not just your teammates but the monsters as well. You also cannot to speak to dead teammates or vice versa and you can only tell if someone has died via an in-game shop upgrade purchased between rounds.
You can play solo but I think you would missing out on what makes the game really fun by doing so. I'd imagine it is more scary solo though. Luckily there is an official discord where you can easily find teammates and I believe the devs have even floated the idea of adding matchmaking so don't feel discouraged if you don't have anyone to play with from your friend's list. Being newly released to early access, the amount of content is somewhat sparse at the time of writing this with just 3 maps (though the maps are procedurally generated from 3 unique tilesets so they don't ever feel too similar). Luckily the devs seem dedicated to adding new content, having already previewed a new map and plans to add more monsters.
I look forward to how this game grows and develops and hope people put off by the goofy emoji art give it a try to see the gem that lies within. Seriously though, GET RID OF THE EMOJI BANNER.
Its very Funny to play it with Friends :D
bom
This game is hilarious. Highly recommended for groups of 3 or more.
Absolute cinema, really wish at some point the Disposal Arena could become it's own little gamemode because I start weezing everytime it's time to go there lmao, would highly recommend, great game all around :3
Yes I recommend. much gasping, much screaming, much laughing. Good times.
So fun Yes
BEST GAME TO PLAY W FRIENDS RN
epico
GOOOD
Ignore the stupid emoji banner, the game is actually fun and good.
(seriously devs, the banner just makes it look like any of the thousand $0.99 backrooms asset flip analog horror games plaguing steam. maybe consider. changing it. put the lil muppet robots front and center!)
In any case, theres obviously a lotta love and care put into this game with tons of small touches that just really round it out and I look forward to seeing what the devs do with it.
-
EDIT: okay there are. a lot of comments. I don't think ive ever had a steam review this many people read. Not sure if people are misreading ME or if theyre arguing with eachother in the comments as it's hard to tell who is replying to who without direct replies, but clarification just in case:
R.E.P.O. is good! this review is calling the game good! you can tell this by the little thumbs up, which means "recommended". This is how steam reviews work. However, the banner makes it RESEMBLE at first glance other games on steam which are bad, mostly the genre of ipad kid skibidi brainrot backrooms asset flips.
Because of the resemblance, people might assume R.E.P.O. is also an ipad kid skibidi brainrot backrooms asset flip and scroll past. Which according to many other reviews is true, people are having to convince their friends "no i promise ignore the banner its a good game", and people saying they themselves ignored the game based on the banner until someone else convinced them. If the very first thing people see of your game is making people scroll past, its bad marketing!
Okay? we good? makes sense? Can people stop arguing in the comments about the silly muppet robot game?
gud
)
very funny
Hardest I've laughed with my friends in years.
Thanks guys, this game is fantastic.
goog game
Great game overall have fun times with friends and met so many new people from so many different places! great way to play and make friends. always have someone to play with. and if u want to play singleplayer u can so works out in many ways. cant wait for version 1.0
The reasons why this game is better than Lethal Company:
- the game has physics and you can use it to k*ll creatures
- you can easily hide from creatures instead of staying still and accepting your fate
- respawning in the middle of the game so you don't have to spectate your teammates whole game
- maps design, mini map to find your way out easily, no dead ends
- finding loots isn't hard, even if you don't have anything left to sell, you can k*ll creatures and sell their drops
- useful upgrades, items and weapons to buy
The game absolutely fun with friends. Character design, especially big eyeballs that you can move with mouse and text voice chat is the funniest features of the game.
THIS IS ULTRA COOL
COOL
Super gra polecam 11/10
top finko tharios tumscares numero sinco: blablablableblebleblublublu
ta wapo
10/10
It reminds me of Lethal Company and Content Warning
este un joc hidos care vine 30120412042305 de mostri si te OMOARA
kodumun vazosunu
It's so fun to play with friends
beka w chuuuu
360
jest bardzo fajna i zabawna do grania z
Fun like Lethal Company but different enough to be it's own game with new exciting mechanics and fun TTS.
Tremenda joya!
This game is a physics based looter scooter. Fun game. Works on deck. Quite nice.
very fun game and goofy charcters kinda like lethal company but in mt opieon much better
R.E.P.O.
1540741932
Yes very good i am captain hook my flight attendant cart is my ship and the rest of my crew are idiots. I have been eaten by large men and attacked by small ones, i have died and I HAVE SURVIVED!
much fun thanks developers
180 10/10
hid from a monster in a box for 3 minutes to clutch
most stressful shit ive ever done
its fun and stuff.
Is the most funny game
peak
I fucking hate the rugrats oh my god you stupid baby why would you do that how could you do that to me thats not very nice
Es lethal company pero mas caricaturesco
funny robo man go boom
"lethal company on steroids" on steroids
can i have some of that love potion in real life?
without server-side issue, it's good. this game requires too much physics synchronization since that's the main mechanic of the game, but if you're expecting a horror game. nah. compared to lethal company you can always out number most of the monsters. also mostly easy to avoidable, if you want to fight back, just bring a tranquilizer or any type of a gun. then you'd be fine.
overall $9.99 for this? absolutely worth it.
Absolute Cinema of a game, made loads of friends!
peak
Yes
fun
veri goofy and would recoment is SO COOL the tts is so funni
This is such a great game with a group of friends. I haven't laughed this hard in a while playing a game.
funny
Esta piola
fun game.Best played with friends. The effects in game are hilarious and add to the talk of the night. Would like controller support.
This game is brilliant. So many laugh out loud moments,
very fun game played with ur friends.
w
super fun
ile sorunlar
10/10.
>Arrive to Headman Manor
>Finish First Extraction, get ready to find the next
>Teammate throws diamond off ledge, asks you to catch
>Fail to catch
>Stare intently at each other realizing that was the last valuable in building
>Cry
10/10
Best game ever with friends and without honestly can be scary but thats what makes it SOOOO FUN!
385 :3
yes
a lot of improvement needed, i can't even play this game peacefully with my friends, game's keep quitting on it's own and some times it restarts the pc and its definetly not my pc's fault as it runs far more high requirement games easily and this 800mb game keep quitting on it's own. and they didn't even give an option to rejoin the squad
es una locura de jugo
good
Great game, better than lethal company in my opinion. Most glaring issue so far is that enemies get stuck on the cart all the time and don't leave or move away, so they're just stuck there until you move the cart, which triggers them and then they kill you
better than lethal company by a mile
when i played r.e.p.o for the first time i run in baby all my teammates said grab the baby and trow it on the floor until it dies 10/10 game
polecam te gre jest fajna i smieszna. Dobre klipy z teg som. Daje Lajk pozdro
O.O
hi
tras jugar varias horas en solitario y e incluso ver a mis streamers y youtubers favoritos jugandolo tengo una muy buena experiencia al momento de jugar, pero sin lugar a duda hay bastantes problemas que aclarar:
gameplay en grupo:
tal vez en un grupo de 2 o 3 personas no se note tanto, pero, en cuanto al sistema de mejoras esta ser mejor en cuanto al jugar en grupo, aunque se puede coordinar quien mainea que, al final sigue siendo algo complicado sentir una mejora considerable, ya que solo es para un solo jugador, sobre todo porque la demanda supera la oferta,y hablando de ofertas, al ser una tienda puede ser una solucion que al momento de estar una partida multijugador, hayan ofertas de precios e algunas veces un 2x1, incluso una mecanica de que en los mapas puedas encontrar cupones de descuento para la tienda, este sistema de ofertas o cupones podria ayudar a conseguir mas items como mejoras en grupos de hasta 8.
mi otro punto es mas general pero algunas mejoras e items se sienten muy inutiles y de pocos usos en mi opinion, un ejemplo es el contador de jugadores por el escaner, este se siente bastante de relleno y no sirve fuera del multijugador, estaria bien remplazarla por una mejora de escaner que permita aumentar el del mapa eh incluso diga cuanto dinero se puede obtener en el mapa, la otra mejora algo inutil es la de el aumento de lanzamiento, esta mejora solo llega a ser util en ciertos momentos y en algunos casos es mejor la mejora de estamina, y aunque la mejora de fuerza es bastante util, esta no se siente al momento de hacer a los enemigos, ya que siegue siendo el mismo, esaria bien que al mejorar la fuerza tambien se mejore el con las armas cuerpo a cuerpo y al estampar a los enemigos, el resto se sienten bien quitando de que las mejoras de estamina solo dan 10 mas, y tambien las mejoras de velociad siento que tambien deverian mejorar el tiempo de recarga de la estamina.
y hablando de armas, la mayoria se sienten muy inutiles comparados con otras, las armas a melee como el sarten y la espada, son armas que al momento de la verdad no valen la pena, siendo mas un riesgo usarlas contra ciertos enemigos y hay mejores opciones, al igual que la pistola normal, ya que si es a distancia y todo, pero con algunos enemigos, necesitaras mas que una bala para matarlos, sin mencionar que no es muy precisa y no noquea a los enemigos, en mi opinon, en cuanto las armas cuerpo a cuerpo, estas deverian tener un sistema de que cada siertos golpes noqueen a los enemigos, dependiendo a que tipo de enemigo, y al momento de atacar con cualquier arma a un enemigo desprebenido sea noqueo inmediato, incluso esto puede venir de la mano con la mejora de fuerza, como el tiempo de noqueo y los golpes que se necesitan para noquear al enemigo. mientras que la pistola puede ser que la mejora de rango tambien mejore la punteria y tambien meter el sistema de noqueo a esta si un enemigo esta distraido o incluso en las armas darles posibilidades de critico para que incluso pueda matar enemigos medianos de un solo tiro, ya que esta se queda muy por detras de las otras, tambien hablando de las armas a distancia y las de a melee, siento que deveria al menos que extista una mejora de durabilidad o de mas carga para estas, y no tener que depender siempre de los drones de recarga y los cristales, ya que han llegado casos en los cuales en momentos criticos eh tenido que regresar a la nave ya que de un momento a otro mis objetos se descargaron por completo, asi que eso podria ayudar a la sobrevivencia, ahora hablando de sobrevivir esto es bastante complicado ya lo se, pero es posible, aunque si, algunas veces es injusto, ya que algunas veces hay enemigos que no los vez venir, y aunque es normal, pero estaria perfecto que todos los enemigos tubieran un sonido caracteristico para saber que enemigo esta cerca, cuando es pesado lo sabemos por los temblores, pero tambien estaria bien saber por ejemplo si es el payaso haga sonidos de corneta, mientras por ejemplo con el reaper tenga un sonido de campanillas o el mentalista el mismo sonido clasico de las pelis de aliens, aun asi hay momentos muy injustos con ciertos enemigos:
el rugrat: este es un enemigo que no te das cuenta que esta hasta que lo vez, y si no, te lanzara un objeto que te puede matar de una, y aunque es facil, de lidiar no me molestaria que al menos el que hace sea menor y fijo.
y sobre todo
el cazador, el enemigo mas injusto del juego, y varias veces ah acabado runs con amigos, ya que el minimo ruido puede saber tu pocision exacta y con punteria perfecta puede matarte de un tiro, incluso eh recibido disparos de la nada sin hacer ni un solo ruido, con este enemigo podria haber bastantes mejoras para que este se sienta menos injusto:
-mas posibilidades de fallar el tiro o que la arma se atasque
-que despues de cada tiro o ciertos tiros tenga que recargar
- o que incluso simplemente anuncie su llegada o precensia silbando una cancio para saber que esta cerca
porque puedo esta encargandome de otro mounstro como los gnomos o los esqueletos y este de la nada sale y de un solo tiro me mata.
a y con el pato no hay probemas, solo que si molesta que en algunos casos un mounstro como el upscream, Bowtie, el animal o cualquier enemigo que le llegue a hacer a este, se enoje con el jugador y no con el mounstro, y siendo conocido como el APEX PREDATOR podria funcionar que el pato aullente cietos enemigos, y sea util mientras no lo molestes.
ahora por ultimo:
*modo singleplayer:
a pesar de que el juego sea full experiencia multijugador, siento que el el singleplayer deveria recibir un poco de siendo que podria tener algunas mecanicas extra que al momento de jugar con amigos no tenga, como:
un sistema de puntuacion para competir con amigos
un sistema de vidas las cuales puedes conseguir algunas en los mapas con forma de cabezas de jugadores
un minidron o un robot como el de Deep Rock Galactic (rock and stone) que pueda revivirnos cierta cantidad de veces.
o si nada los convence
que al momento de morir eh ir al coliseo, tengas que enfrentarte con un mounstro random y si sobrevives vuelves a la run
The Best game But i have a problem with the steam cloud
Belleza, falta contenido igual.
Gives me anger issues, my friends wouldn't stop bombing or shooting me every chance they got.
ONLY GET IF YOU HAVE FRIENDS TO PLAY WITH!
k
10/10
Awesome game. Still some bugs, but great.
cok
sigma spil
ive bought and played lethal company it was fun for a bit however repo is 10x the fun with the mechanics and im enjoying playing it so far
Brilliant
Of course you know this is a spin off of the formula Lethal Company set up, but I think it does it much better.
It has a heavier focus on the actual gameplay, with items being maneuvered physically and not simply held or thrown into an inventory slot. It puts more emphasis on your actual gameplay and teamwork than the gimmicks of monsters.
There are chances for players to respawn, heal, and kill monsters more easily. Threats persist but they can be dealt with, losses hurt but can be managed. It has some frustrating moments but it is far better balanced and more engaging than other games of the same type in my opinion.
valiendo madres, esta obra maestra vale total mente la pena, se puede disfrutar es solitario y con amigos,
lo recomiendo mas con amigos, el mejor juego que tengo el mi biblioteca hasta el momento, espero que salgan mas actualizaciones, y si estas leyendo esto gracias, te lo recomiendo ya que para mi es un poco barato y es muy bueno, eso es todo gallos, adios
Everything is fun and chill with friends until the weapons apear on the shop
fun hard but not to hard and stratage.
was talking to a friend in game turned around and got blasted by a blind man with a gun 10/10 would recommend
10 10
Buen juego, solo que necesitas amigos
Recuerda: no le toques la plumilla al pato
Very cool game, especially with friends.
Fun
geile
i think it needs online multiplayer
10/10
Ist mega lustig
probably one of the funniest games of this type, i love messing around with my friends
This is how LC should look and play but will never be it.
9/10, will play more.
Very quirky and unique. Fun to play with friends I've enjoyed it a lot so far! But holy shit
Has some serious potential if they develop this right. fingers crossed
R.E.P.O.
R.E.P.O. R.E.P.O.
me ha gustado mucho, muy divertido para jugar con amigos
WW
lethal company if it were good
otimo jogo, mas precisa de amigos pra ser divertido
no robot dih
MELHOR JOGO DE TODOS
bla bla bla ble ble ble blu blu bluuuuuuu HAP blublublublublublublu
shotgun daddy fuck me in the ass and i die
- Lethal company.
black bunny rots.ket
Popa
it good.
Mega funny
Best game ever
Very enjoyable to play. Me and my friends had so much fun playing
10 360 10
90
1 99 10/10
Great Co-Op game to play with friends. I do not have many hours into the game (yet), however I would recommend this game if you are looking for fun game to enjoy with your friends and have some laughs.
buen juego. risas y risas
funny
es un excelente juego para jugarlo con amigos, son experiencias unicas que uno no se puede perder Recomendadisimo y al tener en camino actualizaciones hay mucho de que uno puede esperar gran juego
nyfxgmn cgfcx vbm cm cfmxvghbcfmx gv gcmhb
absolute cinema
i got molested by a baby duck
10/10
El otro con mis nos adentramos en una casa "abandonada" fuimos a robar un par de cosas y salio un viejo aparentemente ciego y con un rifle, lo tuvimos que mandar a dormir para siempre y le robamos sus cosas, vendimos todo y compramos REPO, el GOTY del
ENGRACADO
10/10
funniest game ever made
John Madden
amazing game
Funniest game ever
2
P.S. : :
KFLSDJFOYU!@#(RUFOISUOI#RJOIPDFVU@#{%*@()T*0- u89
360 10 10
cioooioio,
i shat my pants playing this way too many times, recommend
Hra u sousedy v jak a tlemit se jak k*kot.
Hra obsahuje Hitlera, je +, ale je to o nervy, si tak a jsi na
10/10
good game lot of fun
BEST Fking GAME EVER!
couldnt have laughed more
jack should buy it
kkkkkkkkk
le jeu il est rigolo
POG
I was initially told this game was like Lethal Company, and as one of the three people on Earth who actively disliked that game I was concerned about their request to try it. TLDR - I love this game.
Since this is a positive review, I'll begin with the negatives. My first gripe is the rotation mechanic, which feels pretty difficult to control and utilize effectively, and has more than once led to my team just picking up and pulling at different angles instead of rotating to get the same effect with less hassle. I've noticed pretty frequent server timeout issues and drops while playing, and the game doesn't feel feature complete given it has only a handful of templates for levels to draw from. I consider these to be minor gripes, however, as the game is not complete as of the time of writing and is being developed by a small team. I would like to see the game develop to not only expand the kinds of places you visit, but to give these places more unique character and gameplay. In its current state you will see 90% of what the game has to offer in the first hour, and while that 90% is all enjoyable for so much longer than the initial novelty of a new monster or room I feel it could have so much more.
Onward to positives; the simple, old-gen graphics style makes the game very approachable for most PCs while not taking away from its aesthetics or charm. That look in question is very fun as well; player models are cute, simple, and get the job done. The game creates a good blend of tension and comedy, never fully scaring but often being just creepy enough to get you locked in while being consistently fun in a way that seems to discourage coming to the game with a sweaty attitude; I've yet to personally encounter someone who takes the game too seriously and I hope I never do, since once you have 4+ people in your lobby it's pretty easy to consistently get to higher levels quickly and make good amounts of cash on your way up. As far as the gameplay loop, I feel this game has hit the sweet spot on how games like it should be - you have fragile items, a cart and the option for more carts as upgrades, and it balances player skill and greed out in a way where you have to be smart about whether you go for another loot run or bring your broken ally back to help you that much faster.
All in all, this is a very fun game that's easy to sit down for 'just a couple runs' only to then realize hours have passed, you're up at 4am, and you have work in the morning.
Amazing
10 10
Game of the year. what a masterpiece
"R.E.P.O is an underrated gem! The mix of eerie atmosphere, strategic gameplay, and immersive storytelling makes it a standout experience. The tension of reclaiming assets while dealing with unexpected dangers keeps things exciting. Definitely a must-play for fans of indie horror and tactical action. Hope to see more updates or even a sequel!"
good luck finding randoms to play with
just bunch of people spamming soundboard or just trolling teammates
muy divertido jugarlo con amigos
Fun, silly gameplay. Not too much content at the moment, no progression system.
Best $10 I have ever spent.
1000 52
Krank
I enjoy touching my friends.
skibidiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii (it fun)
yes
Good game, still need some updates like adding matchmaking etc.
so fun
10 10 jbl
(
)0)
- This game is a lot of fun and the gameplay is simple:
1. Get as many items as you can to pay the taxman.
2. Buy useful items at the shop.
3. Get as far as you can
- Game has potential, still there are a few cons:
1. Play with 3+ players if you want to enjoy it
2. Even though maps layout changes it gets kind of repetitive
3. Game gets boring after a few playthroughs, there is not a lot of replayability
4. There is no story at all (I dont need it but still feels blank)
5. Gameplay is really simple, it feels like there is space to use some mechanics like vents, lockpicking or maybe some random but entertaining minigames like cooking or camping between rounds with your friends, Id love to ride a small tricycle or skate, or play some rythm game for fun or to unlock some doors or easter eggs.
It can get you playing for hours without noticing, enemies mechanics are fun and they have personality but still feels like the game needs more of them.
In the end, it is a fair price for a fun game, I can not wait to see how the updates will unfold and I understand there is a lot of work + lots of love behind it, thanks to the developers and PLEASE keep working with the game.
(Add cosmetics please, maybe a mob mimicking voices? or an underground/lost city map?)
This is my first review on a videogame, hope it is useful to someone, thinking about possible new mechanics make me wonder again the possibilities it has in the future, keep up with the amazing work!
This game is a wonderful experience with friends and a sweat induced trance when playing solo.
overhyped
its very funny
ahblehblehbleh blublublu
L. O. P. I. T.
fajn agra polecam
eu nunca ri tanta na minha vida, se vc quiser uma com amigos esse jogo pra e se vc quiser sofrer ao um dark souls jogue o singleplayer. XD
suck dick
10/10
A game that friends can easily get you killed in.
efso oyun
game scared me so much that when my soul went to hell i just had to leave a review before suffering to eternal damnation!
Clienttimeout
10 10
Very fun game with friends.
this is asome game
SUPER FUN GAME :D
-install game
-play game
-take loot
-see friend die
-laugh
-also die
-restart the cycle of laughing from your dead friends and also being killed youself
headman gave me head
A co-op horror game with Frictional Games style physics engine? This is PEAK.
10 10
bom pra krl
I have only played 18 hours with it but that time was the funniest time i have ever had while playing a video game! I recommend it to everybody!
very funny
this is certified banger. must play with friends it will make you happy for some hours but then you will suck dicks again.
I love this game its so much fun
180 10
oh my god this game is sooooooo fun i get jump scared every 5-7 mins. def recommend if youre wanting a chill horror game with pals
10 10
get rid of the shitpost emoji
I've been seeing videos of this online and I was like oh that looks like a decent game. Then someone bought it for me and I played with some friends and it's been an amazing experience however I would like the option to join a random game instead of NEEDING people to play with. But aside from that it's been an amazing experience especially considering it's still in early access
10 10
pro tip spam UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU in the chat
I love when my friends are in extreme distress running from a literal duck
grimm get repo
10/10 spook aspect
this game is
10/10
kurva fasza
-132/10
headmans manor sucks ass please make it better
At first glance it might look like a weird, sloppy robot game. But deep down this game is a load of laughter and fun. Watching friends that are very terrible at moving furniture really shine in this game. WHY ARE YOU GRABBING IT FROM THE TOP! LIFT WITH YOUR LEGS GRAB THE BOTTOM. Stuff like that. I think the devs are great to allow mods, I like how they are in open communication with the community that are playing and want feed back to make this game even better.
My rating.
Game-10
Experience-10
fun times-10
Watching someone scream ahhhhhhhh.NOOOOOO .dead-10
new player hitting Q for the first time and grabbing them and as a group and all flushing them down the toilet.Priceless.
BEST GAME EVER IF YOU PLAY WITH BROS
Simply an amazing game, Well balanced for group and solo play, almost always a unique experience. Especially since they have things put in place so that you don't get boring same maps or monsters, and each map is so unique in its generation. On TOP of all of that this game has a very high skill ceiling with all sorts of tricks and strats that you can learn and use to adapt to the situations. Very challenging and very good game.
C
385
10 10
a
I WANT YOU TO BE MINE AGAIN BABY
Mehr im Spiel als in der Lobby
I like this game its so funny and fun but scary at the same time i enjoy playing this game with my friends but the proximity chat is a little too silent or the echoes are too loud and i cant hear from like a room to another room which is kind bullshit in my opinion and make the prox chat hearable from further away please. Love this would recommend
10 10,
fun as fuck
imba
11 10
An amazing game for those who can't handle horror games that well. It's super fun, and the monsters are a little scary but not too much! It's a perfect balance of fun and scary.
fun game
Single-handedly the funniest game i have ever played.
Dodged a laser by like 2 inches by somersaulting as a lil guy, 10/10
Ce jeu m'a fait comprendre qu'il fallait que je change d'amis, 10/10
This game is a perfect mix of lethal company and just goofy shenanigans, me and my friends love it and will continue to play it. 100% recommended to test it out for yourself. Excited to see where this goes.
Fun game to play with friends.
i love it <3
imba
Great game
peak
This game has such a death grip on me
fun af
fun game brain go bur
ta weno pa jugar con los compas
Can someone be my friend so we can play this together
THAT,S SO COOL
dalga kaliteli bombastil oyun
very good game
- 1-2 singleplayer 2 3
R.E.P.O.
Lethal company. CTRL.
Lessgoski lessgo +1000 aura
(non toccate la paperella)
Shotgun. Man.
top
)
super gierka do posmiania sie, polecam z calego serduszka
me agregan porfavor necesito amigos con steam para juagar la mayoria de mis amigos tienen consolas
10\10
phenomenal game
silmek girip oynayabilirsiniz
I mean its alright.
love this game a lot but i burnt my friend in a fire pit though
Find loot, get scared, laugh at other people getting scared and win the loser crown.
Le jeu un bon potentiel mais il devrait y avoir des changement, surtout chez les monstres.
qu'il s'agit d'une vraie beta qui apportera des changements.
Never laughed so hard in my life
i like how many of the monsters change your voice. and the vases all explode
epic
Lethal Company is fantastic but this game takes that base idea and brings a whole new level of enjoyment and refreshment to the genre. Lethal Company feels stale after a while even with mods but REPO's use of PVE, teamwork and creepy atmosphere makes every level as scary as each other and fun to explore. the funny elements of this game are the cherry on top, the way the character models talk, the text chat and the magic items that make your character speak or slow your voice chat down are hilarious. I really hope the devs keep working on this game and add more items like this. this game has been the most enjoyable thing to come from steam in a while and the dev team are clear about their love for this game which is very comforting to see in this age of games. Thank you to semiwork for this great game and your connection you are creating with us, your very happy community
10/10
40
Amazing game that is fun to play with friends for extra chaos.
11/10
gud
buen jueog
40
krytaia igra
W devs W game
goated game, has a high skill ceiling and lots to learn
BLA BLA BLA BLEH BLEH BLEH BLUH BLUH BLUH
HOYT BLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLUBLU
LINGAN GULI GULI GULI GWACHA LINGAN GUU LINGAN GUU
LINGAN GULI GULI GULI GWACHA LINGAN GUU LINGAN GUU
LINGAN GULI GULI GULI GWACHA LINGAN GUU LINGAN GUU
LINGAN GULI GULI GULI GWACHA LINGAN GUU LINGAN GUU
LINGAN GULI GULI GULI GWACHA LINGAN GUU LINGAN GUU
This is an incredibly frustrating (in a good way) and extremely fun co-op game. Guaranteed to test your friendship. 10/10 would recommend.
It's a really fun game with friends, the fact that you can speak through the game is really funny, the monsters are also on spot and the game doesn't get boring since anything can happen.
One of my top 10 Games to play while taking a huge shit.
Insanely fun game to play with friends. Not a big fan of this genre and REPO has changed my mind! The character animations are downright hilarious and level design is puzzling yet rewarding.
bald and beatiful
Legendary
gzl
no po prostu zajebiste z ziomkami
Great fun game with all the known loot games and more, i love this game solo and with friends
vec, zo skrolovania na platforme TikToku. ma aby som to Kopec srandy, a hra je pritom len v plienkach. sa na jej
very fun horror game.
masterclasse
Det var roligt men jag har inte kompisar som vill spela med mig det lite och splea
Very good, me like it (:
Very very good
Mega Witzig manchmal :D aber mein geschmack noch zu wenig Content. Das Spiel hat noch sehr viel Potenzial.
game is fun but i hate the fucking crackhead emoji mascot
My fellow employees keep breaking stuff for no reason and i run over them
10/10
spooky
most fun ive had playing a game in awhile, me and my friends laugh the entire time we play.
This game is alot of fun with friends and its very hilarious.
R.E.P.O. "bluetooth 6/10
MASTERPIECE!
*All my friends died*
me and my 1 brain cell started singing "lin gan guli guli":
10/10
Threw my friend at a blind man with a shotgun. He got shot. I laughed. I got shot
10/10 would throw friend at blind ppl again
gierka
fun game
+
Its a very fun game
luh calm
R.E.P.O. is Semiwork's second game, and they are 2 for 2 when it comes to making absolute bangers. I'm going to spend this review talking about both of their games, because the quality, polish, humor, and soul of Voidigo is alive and well in R.E.P.O Voidigo is Semiwork's first game, and it's one of the best Action Roguelikes ever made. Voidigo also launched in Early Access, and from the get-go it was a great title, and the consistent, quality updates that Voidigo received fully fleshed-out the game into a beautiful, chaotic masterpiece of the genre.
R.E.P.O. has also launched as an Early Access title, and it is already one of the greatest examples of the Online horror co-op genre we've seen blossom since Lethal Company's runaway success. I love Lethal Company, and I have endless respect for Zeekerss for managing to create such a brilliant game as a solo dev, but I genuinely prefer R.E.P.O due to the chaotic, dynamic, emergent scenarios that the game can endlessly create because of how well all of its systems come together. Every valuable item has different qualities, some are more fragile, some are large and unwieldly, some are threats to both you and the monsters that stalk you, some force you to move uncontrollably and unpredictably, some slow you down, some try to fly into the ceiling and destroy themselves, some have to be kept upright, some violently explode, some are threats to other items, and ALL of them need to be carried together back to an extraction point. It's in trying to balance and juggle all of these treasures, while paying heed to the monsters that are hellbent on scrapping you and your loot, while also dealing with the varying levels of (in)competence of your friends that are either ragdolling you or smashing loot that allows this game to create the most violently anarchic and insane scenarios imaginable.
I brought up Voidigo because it's proof that Semiwork knows what they're doing. R.E.P.O is very likely to echo Voidigo's journey though Early Access, meaning it will receive significant, quality updates that will turn what is already a fantastic game into a masterpiece of the genre.
1]
2]
See upcoming pop shows
Get tickets for your favorite artists
You might also like
(S-Teklorez Remix)
(KruElla)
(REASON)
MORGENSHTERN
Sigma Boy
Betsy & (Maria Yankovskaya)
Rahhhhhhh da besttt.
52
es macht sehr viel spass mit freunden oder alleine. 10/10
very funny :)
Mais quel jeu de merde
watched my friends die 10/10
oyun oyunu
This is definitely a fun game to play with or without your friends. It's got the scary aspect down and overall a fun experience even in early development.
It's a great game. It may have taken inspiration from Lethal Companty, with its mechanics being meeting quota. But I like how it stands out, with the new maps, original monsters, and just funny moments. As a dane i like how the flag appears throughout the game. (Got no friends so no comments on multi)
10 10
good game
Buen juego para jugar con los colegas. Entretenido para echarte unas risas (tanto si juegas bien como si haceis el payaso).
roligt om man spelar med ju fler men man det bara
very nice game and scary
+ 5 5
)
rfgvkjbsrgbjksdg
Fun game, a few more maps would make it even better
so cool
[eq
beating babies in this game is phenomenal 10/10
Super gierka, polecam w ekipie
LING GA GULI GULI GULI WATHCA LINGAAANGUUUU LINGANGUUUU
bradzo gra ale czasami psuje obracanie
holy sht this game mademe stressed out ToT
It fun
Aside from being funny and goofy to play with friends, the game high key good.
Really fun gameplay loop, clever mechanics that make for fun problem solving, very intuitive controls, and zero bugs affecting enjoyability. Game seems well optimized too, never crashed or dropped frames. Lethal company walked so repo could run.
dd
What does R.E.P.O. stand for?
10 10
nice
swietna gra satysfakcja level 100 ale wymaga naprawde dobrej karty graficznej pozdro zgerypalka
GREAT game
bir oyun soundpad le daha da komik oluyor
Why's the emoji english?
very funny
drole avec ses amis
w game
Repo be hittin different, had me out here jackin kidneys like a broke-ass rapper, but still in the trenches shit bussin no cap.
DA SIE ZESRAC
juego qlio weno ctmmm pa cagarse de la risaa oeoeoeoe
These devs do not disappoint, the level of polish is simply absurd, and the fact that it is only early access makes me so eager for what will be coming in the future. You might think it's only worth it if you've got friends to play with but there's a singleplayer mode and it's still so fun alone. I'd say its way more balanced than other games like lethal company or content warning where seeing a single enemy usually spells the end of the game, most of the time you can get away or do something to live. plus if you have enough strength you can just yeet the enemies so thats awesome too! I just love everything about this game, i love physics based games, and this is perfect!
R.E.P.O. IS THE BEST GAME ON STEAM
-
funny
31
360
ITS FUNEE WITH DA BOYZ
s
funny hype game
Fun game overall with friends for an early access. $10 well spent. Looking forward to some form of progression and cosmetics in the future if they plan to add it eventually.
Tried playing alone which was fun, but my only gripe playing alone is the fact if you get the invisible man, he will sometimes drop you off at an enemy. Effectively ending your run. Outside that, 4/5 just cause it's early access and needs a lot of features.
jeu incroyable
ce jeu ressort vraiment votre entre
la joie (rire )
et la rage
its very good and pls tho add more monsters that grab you like one called grabby
Amaazingly fun
I LOVE IT GAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHILOVEITSOMOUCHBESTFORKT IUKLOVEIT
R.E.P.O. is, for all intents and purposes, a better version of Lethal Company. It follows the same premise where you go to a dangerous location, you gather expensive nonsense, and then you leave all while trying to avoid dangerous monsters. The gameplay loop is the same in this regard. Where these games differ is execution, and the allotment and omitting of the things which drag Lethal Company down are what bring R.E.P.O. up.
This game features no time limit. You can take as long as you'd like extracting every last item from the map without any worries. In addition, the items you can gather have values associated with them, but can be damaged. Items also have notable variance, as carrying one item means you cannot carry a different one at the same time. You need to strategically collect items and move them around to get the maximum amount of value from your runs. You are not punished for taking the time to work out a strategy.
You may upgrade your character in the shop. This makes each run unique while also having interesting strategies to mix. Your friend can have multiple strength upgrades while you have crazy stamina and sprint speed. This makes each person unique, especially for each run. You actually have the ability to try and test different builds.
The characters are very expressive. The googly eyes mixed with the way they talk leads to endless comedy. It also simply makes sense that robots are the ones that are being sent on these missions, not humans. It allows for this game to also be child-friendly if kids want to play it.
Generally, if you enjoyed Lethal Company then you will enjoy R.E.P.O., perhaps you will enjoy it even more. I have high hopes for the future of this game, and believe that it will continue to grow in the future. A console port would be fantastic as well, if the future is to be so kind.
this game is sooo good and funn, hopefully they add crossplatform if posible to enjoy it with more friends
Mas #humor que terror he de decir
pretty bad ngl
LOOOOOVE THIS GAME! worth more than current price! logo is not doing it any favors
question though. why aren't my upgrades carrying over once I die. i dont see them when i hit the map key
Kaybedince ilerlemeler gitmese zorunda kalmasan en tura ya da paran, dursa iyi olacak da 4-5 den sonra ilerlemek zor.
solo queue is phenomenal.
The game is great but it could be better if semiwork add an option to play with random people. And how bout to add hats and
costumes.
soundpad jumpscare
najlepsza gra na
good shi
scawy
General (9/10): El juego vale totalmente la pena por el precio que tiene y a pesar de estar en Acceso Anticipado se tiene la suficiente cantidad de contenido para estar enganchado durante
Los desarrolladores volcados en sacar nuevas actualizaciones teniendo en cuenta la de la comunidad.
Finalmente mencionar que se nota que el juego esta inspirado en el Lethal Company, pero por la cantidad de contenido que tiene y sus es 20 veces mejor y divertido.
Lo Mejor: Sin duda alguna es lo divertido que es jugarlo con amigos, las risas aseguradas.
Lo Peor: N/A
Recomiendas? ✅
Hilarious, great with friends!
it is soooooooooo fun
DUNYANIN EN IYI OYUNU
very good, laughed a lot
#include <iostream>
int main() {
std:cout < 47
return 47000;
}
11/10
venom
it is the best game
mhm
crazy
This is the first game ive ever played where its you and a couple friends all working together to meet the quota and hide from monsters, i never tried games like lethal company before this so when i saw the pure carnage, chaos and disaster that could strike from the smallest and funniest mistakes i knew it was a 10/10. this is the first game that made me get to the brink of peeing myself with laughter because anything can and probably will happen. Totally recommend
bello
24/7 20
180 12 10 11 10
Can't connect to voice chat
+10 24.7
REPO is a RIPOFF of Lethal company and there's very little room for originality.
If you have never played Lethal company then I would probably recommend this game for a low price considering how little content there is at the moment. After 2-3 hours my buddies and I saw everything, every map and every monster, adding this to the fact that the gameplay is a copy-pasted version of lethal company there's just no replayability value.
Unfortunately there's no world in which this game will evolve into something different than what it is now, after 2-3 hours of gameplay it will be shelved forever as a forgettable clone of a more successful game.
fun game!
LING GANG GULI GULI GULI WACHA LINGANGU LINGANGU
i love this game
I'd never been more pissed at gnomes till I played this forsaken game
This game is so much fun. The best co-op game I have played in years.
goofy goofy times
Jogo muito bom e muito a jogabilidade extremamente para jogar com amigos e dar muitas risadas.
goty 2025 worthy right here
JBL
gooooooooood muy muy gracioso (el mejor juego que he jugado este con diferencia)
ES DEMASIADO BUENO, SU JUGABILIDAD ES DEMASIADO ENTRETENIDA LO RECOMIENDO AL 100
This is one of the best horror games ever released. The way that its funny and scary at the same time is amazing. I would recommend it to friend groups, because singleplayer is not that fun. 5/5 stars
OH NOOOOOO FIMOOOOOZ
10/10 360
its good
e muinto bom
yes
I love the game. I only have one suggestion. Would it be possible to have this playable on controller? Thanks for this game and helping me get back into horror games again.
NB
10
bAG PULA IN HORIA
this is so funny, i can't stop laughing
Lethal Company's Hot Sister
This game is so much fun whith freinds
Alone it would suck tho
How to have sex with a monster?
Good game
Worth
MUY DIVERTIDO
erg leuk spe,l
10 / 10
Very fun wit friends
badabadada
2
☐
1-5 G
☐ 5-10 G
☐ 10-20 G
☐ 20-50 G
☐ 50-100 G
☐ 100-200 G
☐ GMOD
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
GMOD
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
=Bug=
☐
☐
☐
☐
It works on linux
Vazo sim bir de arada gelip
YES
11/10 q 25
yes
Very fun and I am usually not a fan of horror. It is even more fun with friends
trop bien franchement vaut son prix nhesiter pas a acheter
REPO SOUNPAD
10 10
5
Bla bla bla
Ble ble ble
Blu blu blu
HA
Blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu
Lu lu lu
HAOWAN
funny
muito top, um jeito diferente de gameplay.
As others say, this game is really enjoyable playing with friends, a lot of fun even though it's a 'horror game'.
goty 2025
very fun with friends highly recommend
SSAAAAAAAAAA
I got fingered by the semen demon
5
It is fun with friends. It has a good balance of horror and comedy.
Game is a lot of chaos. Controller, organized, simple chaos (not really) a lot of fun! Get the game, party with your friends, be scared!
f.u.n.n.y
made public room
very funny game i love it and i reccomand it 10/10!
3
w game
lethal company but better.
Fun stuff
Scary yet fun. Simple yet challenging
An Innovative Co-Op Horror Experience with Immersive Physics-Based Gameplay
I recently delved into REPO, a physics-driven co-op horror game, and was thoroughly impressed by its unique blend of mechanics and
Physics-Based Gameplay:
The game's standout feature is its physics-based system, where every object, including the monsters, adheres to realistic physics laws. This adds a layer of immersion, allowing players to interact with the environment in creative it's stacking crates to barricade doors or using objects to distract lurking threats. The attention to detail in this aspect is commendable.
Cooperative Multiplayer:
Designed for up to six players, REPO emphasizes teamwork. The proximity voice chat system enhances this by enabling realistic communication; the further you are from teammates, the harder it is to hear them. This feature fosters strategic planning and coordination, essential for surviving the game's challenges.
Dynamic AI and Replayability:
The adaptive AI ensures that no two encounters are alike. Monsters react to player actions, creating unpredictable scenarios that keep players on edge. Combined with procedurally generated environments, this ensures high replayability, as each session offers a fresh experience.
Progression and Customization:
Earning currency allows players to purchase robotic enhancements, weapons, and tools, adding depth to the gameplay. This progression system ensures that players feel a sense of growth and preparedness as they face increasingly difficult challenges.
Community Feedback:
Players have lauded the game, with over 33,000 reviews on Steam, 96% of which are positive. Many appreciate the immersive physics and the thrill of cooperative play. One player noted, physics-based horror is unlike anything I've played! Using the environment to survive is so immersive."
Areas for Improvement:
While the game offers a fresh take on the horror genre, some players feel that the monster designs lack depth, and the gameplay can become repetitive over time. However, as the game is in early access, there's optimism that future updates will address these concerns.
Conclusion:
REPO successfully combines innovative physics-based mechanics with cooperative gameplay, offering a unique horror experience. Its emphasis on teamwork, strategic interaction, and environmental manipulation sets it apart in the co-op horror genre. With ongoing development, there's great potential for it to become a standout title in its
Hiding under a table has never been more entertaining.
i hate the duck
AMAZING
OUI JADORE CE JEUJ STEAM
good
10 jbl 10
Funny, playing as the android robot to kill a bind man a invisible kidnapper and a pedo
CRAZY
war tunder
Silly goofy fun for all. just wish there were other upgrades such as flashlight upgrade, costumes etc. thought it was going to be a game i picked up and left alone for a while but its fun just to wonder about and chill with friends.
)
good game
lf
goated lethal company 2
360 100/10
motion sickness simulator
F.U.N.
like lethal company, but gmod instead of ps1 harry potter.
bra
GOOD GAME
funny
fuck this game
worth it!
friendslop
better than the lethal company, that's for sure.
though i absolutely hate the blind guy.
10/10
OYUN
300 10 10
great game, needs monster sex tho
good game but i dont have friends to play with
funy robot talk
THIS. is an enderpearl
Dont trust nobody specially someone called silly
Bla bla bla ble ble ble blu blu blu ablblblbllblblblbbl
adoreeei muito divertido
i die a lot
ja
FUN AF WITH FRIENDS.
this is amazing with both friends and solo somehow, with friends it's 10x better imo. super dope game and unique :)
Super fun game! Just buy it because I know you and your friends will enjoy it.
I scream. The pain of the children consumes me. I combust into bits. My friends don't know what happened until they find my mutilated corpse. My head being the only thing intact. They sob and weep and they put my head in the cart. They then continue to collect the precious items to sell for infinite profit. 10/10
10 10 18
AAA titles for 70 dollars that are trash and you can pay 10 dollars for this masterpiece
SI
-_-
fun
no idea why the logo is an emoji, this game is hilarious
se odi i bambini questo gioco non fa per te
Man Braucht Freunde dazu. Hab's Gegeben.
very good!
10/10 10
Dis game call R.E.P.O., ya no know what it abaut but maybe ya just be stupid kak ryba vodevnikh vody. s helmetom v mire robotov i dela molchati: strelja laserami, stani druz'yah s robota, tantsuyut'. Odin raz ya videla medvedya-robot, s helmetom streliat laserami na medved'ya-robota i on udalos' vrydat', kak ptitsa v nebesakh. Devochka govori, ona nado igru, no bylo by eto pravda i zhena tako takzhe. Mogli byt' oba pravy.
Igra ydel mne ochen' gore, moya zhizn' ochen' plokhaya kak ryba vodevnikh vody, net druzej, devochka ne radayet s moi, zhena takzhe ne radayet s moi i ya zhivu v maloy kommate bez robotov ili laserami. Ya pokusyvalas' tantsuyut', no padao! Ono udaloos' tak daleko, kak ptitsa v nebesakh. govori, "hehe", no ya ochen' plokho, kak ryba vodevnikh vody.
WW
Everything about this game is genuinely fun, aside from the mascot - it's misleading of the quality this game has.
If the developers genuinely intend to keep developing this early access with the promises mentioned in the store page then it's definitely worth the investment.
sick af
au top
baya eglenceli ama tek sorunu oda public olarak illa arkadas
rhenj
180
10 10
yes
amongus
2
fucks sakes add a public server
Le concept est simple mais ultra-efficace : un qui doit entrer dans des installations pour collecter des objets de sauf que ces endroits sont de bien te bouffer. Chaque est une en pression, avec des moments tu te crois safe, et coup, tout part en vrille.
Ce qui rend REPO vraiment cool, son gameplay plus nerveux que Lethal Company. Ici, plus pour survivre : du matos, des gadgets, et surtout, une meilleure du mouvement. Mais veut pas dire que facile, loin de Si tu fais le malin et que tu fonces sans le jeu va vite te rappeler qui est le patron.
est : sons stressants, ennemis tu ressens une vraie tension chaque mission. Et en coop, encore mieux. rien de plus (ou terrifiant) que de voir ton pote se faire embarquer sous tes yeux pendant que tu flippes pour ta vie.
Bref, si les jeux la survie et la sont fonce sur REPO. intense, flippant, et surtout, hyper fun avec des potes.
Me really like Game
Double U Double U Double U Double U
CHANGE THE BANNER PLEASE THIS GAME IS SO PEAK
jeg e
best game
Don't touch the duck
Absolutely love the game. The art style is original and nice, the physics make the game much more immersive and using everything as a weapon is just absolute cinema. Only thing that should be added is a resolution setting, love the game!
Remove the emoji
:D
Es ist funny
ok hear me out the game is good and i plan to play it alot more. BUT, the game jus never saves to the cloud which leaves me on day 5 and going to sleep just to come back and lose the save. this is not my internet problems because my friend yesterday had the same issue. please fix this
11358/10654
Hard to play cause I can't stop laughing
Very funny game highly recommend playing this with some friends
i drop kicked my freind while calling him gay
Me: be professional and quiet this
Also me, 5 seconds later: screaming in terror as I drop the loot and sprint for my life
This game is a perfect mix of friendship, betrayal, and sheer panic. You think a smart looter until the monster decides the loot now.
i love bullying newbie friends with the big red nose ^_^
I've seen this game before on Steam, but because of the emoji thing, I thought this was some stupid game that a Russian guy made while he was drunk, so naturally I did not care. Then I came across videos of the game and looked into it. The game is INCREDIBLY fun and even in early access it's definitely one of the best of its kind
big jokes if your lads are funny
10 10
10 10
10 10
6
gs/';lgkrn;gopsdrhbtsfrobiujhdfgrolibsrtfg;bsdfhljkaghfad;lkgjhqwlkijfhweffglkerjihfgasdlkjhdsflkjhdflakjfhewoujcxbvnejlkhvbrkeiujrehldghdjhgedfe;dfeiadshdvnCXNv
Lepsze gry AAA
y comedia con amigos. Me que pusieran mas del personaje con ropa y accesorios.
Solo espero que no lo dejen morir y aprovechen la fama que ha pillado y lo enfoquen bien
linganguli
Lethal Company but made by a competent dev who understands the art of updating a game.
It needs a little more time in the oven, but I've got a good feeling they'll pull through due to the fact the dev's update logs have more effort put into them than Lethal Company does with its entire game.
Happy to see R.E.P.O. take the spotlight from the roblox dev, I give it a thumbs up.
Hilariously fun game, looking forward to more stuff
better than lethal
10 10
Mijei de leve na cueca de tanto rir, 10/10
No Skibidi monster but very funny game
10/10
+
)
9 hours in we hit level 4 finally. Good game compared to anything else at the same price, seems like one you could spend hundreds of hours on (so far). Best experience when played with a friend, lots of goofing around potential.
very funny
this piece of shit sucks big black hairy balls u can find the same shit in roblox for fucking free and this piece of shit costs 10 fucking dollars
Fun for a few hours, fun with friends, terrible movement mechanics.
Vraiment bien
11/10
nice
10 10
Nice game a long time!
OYUN
ducky is so cute and friendly i love to pet him <33
So good but needs new content soon
gra jest G chociaz moi teammaci mieli skill issue
pozdrawiam polecam gierke
ive never had so much fun like this in years, never laughed so hard, great fun with friends
net
absolute cinema
20
Yes.
worth it with friends
nrm
Great game, ignore the bad title art. Cute, funny, scary, this is THE game to play with your friends. Good mechanics, satisfying gameplay, creative (and hilarious) events
ww
Killed friend, put friend in toilet, took a screenshot. 10/10
1231346461346578976516
+rep
funnnnnnnn
best game for fun
genialidad
funny trashcan sing fetty wap
It's actually super fun despite doing the same things over and over. No matter how many times I play, I really enjoy each session. It's crazy how different the atmosphere changes when you're either playing with lots of friends or playing with one or two; It can get super fun and chaotic then go surprisingly scary so quickly. The sound design is impeccable in this game. I highly recommend to those who want to play with friends but you can definitely play it by yourself too!
I'm just about to hit 40 hours into this game. Literally the first day I logged in 14 hours of gameplay. Super addicting and right out of the box the game is fun with enough features to feel like a fully released game. This game is like Lethal Company but in my opinion I feel like this game is much more fun and creepier than LC. I can't tell you how many times this game has made this grown ass man scream like a bi^@h! Game is super easy to learn yet challenging to master! I highly recommend this game to every kind of gamer. especially for the memes!
-
Au top ce jeu
imba
I hate soundpad
ABSOLUTE CINEMA
HORRENDOUS
Muy chulo y divertido para jugar con amigos
passage of time
skibidi
Szczerze mega (a tak na serio to mega fun z gierki gra multiplayer i nie polecam jak nie masz nie
zzzz
love it
This game is just so good, and easily one of my favourite games to come out of this year already. It has a similar setup to Lethal Company, where you grab scrap to meet a quota, but this game does so much that makes it unique and amazing in it's own way. The creatures designs and mechanics are amazing, and never cease to unsettle or amuse me. The items (especially the ones that effect the player holding them) are super creative and fun, and the requirement for more players to hold heavier more expensive objects is very smart. The game is incredibly hilarious, each round had a noticeable highlight that made my day in seconds. R.E.P.O is such a fun, innovative and overall great experience.
Lets get the cat out the bag first. This is a game very similar in nature to Lethal Company, however I would say this is much more casual and less sweaty than Lethal Company. It has a bunch of quality of life mechanics, for example:
*You get a cart in each run, to dump multiple items you are sent to scavenge
*Monsters are easy enough to deal yet unpredictable at times
*Fun physics and audio systems that keep the game engaging and fun
*Quirky graphics that give it its charm
*meaningful upgrades that actually help
All in all, its worth getting this game. Have fun!
Fun game to play with ur friends extremely funny
rawr
is it just me or is the ambience scary as hell
very funny and you can become an baby
Tellement entre amis
best game ever
trop
10 10
10
so troll and funny, great game to play with your friends
This game is my new favourite text to speech simulator.
Just need to get rid of that bloody emoji mascot. Or at least replace it with pictures of the robots you play as.
Overall a great game you should pick up and play with ya friends.
-100/10 10
waka waka
-{ Graphics }-
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☐ Good
☑ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
-{ Gameplay }-
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
-{ Audio }-
☑ hot
☐ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
-{ Audience }-
☑ Kids (Drakes Victims)
☑ Teens
☐ Adults
☐ Grandma
-{ PC Requirements }-
☐ Check if you can run paint
☑ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
-{ Game Size }-
☐ Floppy Disk
☐ Old Fashioned
☑ Workable
☐ Big
☐ Will eat 10% of your 1TB hard drive
☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it
☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data
-{ Difficulty }-
☑ hot
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
-{ Grind }-
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☑ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
-{ Story }-
☐ No Story
☐ Some lore
☑ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
-{ Game Time }-
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ To infinity and beyond
-{ Price }-
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
-{ Bugs }-
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
-{ 9.5 / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☑ 9
☐ 10
-{ Overall }-
☐ Refund it if you bought it already
☑ Great playing with friends, Buy it if you want a scary but a dumb game.
:)
greatest. simply unbelievable
the only down side is that you need friends to play multiplayer sill vary good game
good game!
^7
funny as shit deadass
grate game for frient to fight and have arguments on would recomend for the price
JBL
Nice
GG
100x better than lethal company
really worth buying yes worth it
uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
grg
funny and great game, over all 8.2/10 not perfect but great
hi guys! I really wanna play this game with a group. so if you wanna play together just let me know. I would be very happy :D I speak english enough, also turkish too
Lingang guli guli guli wata linganggu
lf
jbl
trop la deconne
-2/10,
10
A part avoir des bots difficiles, le jeu reste drole.
<3
yes
jbl
det er fucking fed og sjovt spil
will leave the cat here, so that everybody who passes by can pet it and give it a thumbs up and awards
| _ _ l
/ |
/
| | |
| | |
|
Awesome game its really scary when you play it alone though
I don't get the hype surrounding it, Lethal Company is better.
10
100000
10 10
Pretty fun game to play with friends but the only flaw for me is spectating, spectating takes half of the gameplay. I would love if they added an item to the shop that you could revive your teammates instead of waiting and putting them on the extraction point, like if you need them to carry something just use the item and back on but only 1 use per level or something like that.
This game is great, but my friends don't want to play with me anymore. They asked me to buy this game, and now they've decided to forget about me. Now I won't even be able to get my money back, and I don't think I'll want to log back into the game.
great game
I like it.
absolute cinema
Very fun game, works very well although still in alpha, don't let the emoji fool you. Just try it out!
10/10
Algo bellako
definitely a quick and easy bit of fun to have
25 rx 550 120
The replayability and fun of the game never dies just like my hate for the blind man in this game, definitely recommend for all the funny moments with friends and sweaty runs that i've had playing this game 10/10 no matter how many people you have!
good
nice
super goofy and fun!
R.E.P.O. to jedna z tych gier, dobrze znane mechaniki, je z unikalnym klimatem i w takiej formie, nie To horroru, czarnego humoru i gry kooperacyjnej, sprawia, sesja to miks adrenaliny, i chaosu.
Troche o R.E.P.O.:
Wcielasz w windykatora od spraw niestandardowych, czyli zajmuje odbieraniem rzeczy z nawiedzonych Twoim zadaniem jest odzyskiwanie ale nie jest to takie proste, bo w czai masa upiornych duchy, demony, a czasem po prostu dziwaczne zjawiska, solidnie (albo
misja to losowo generowane wyzwania, co oznacza, nigdy nie wiesz, co czeka. to szybka robota, a prawdziwe na ziemi, gdzie dom nagle zacznie
Zalety:
klimat i humor horroru z absurdalnym humorem sprawia, gra potrafi straszna i przezabawna.
misji to inne wydarzenia, nie ma mowy o nudzie.
Idealna do grania ze znajomymi Kooperacja tutaj to gdy nagle wpadnie w albo zacznie wbrew planowi.
Mechanika odbierania Brzmi prosto, ale kiedy masz na karku ducha, wszystko staje razy trudniejsze.
Unikalne nawiedzony dom inne, czasem totalnie zjawy.
Styl graficzny Prosta, ale mega klimatyczna oprawa pasuje idealnie do dziwnego gry.
Wady:
elementy chaotyczne Czasami mechaniki fizyki zadanie staje cyrkiem.
Brak misji Po kilku godzinach nowych
Nie podejdzie balans horroru i humoru liczysz na czysty survival horror, to tutaj znajdziesz bardziej w stylu ale z
Podsumowanie:
R.E.P.O. to idealna gra do nagrywek, i grania ze znajomymi. lubisz chaotyczny gameplay, losowe momenty grozy i czarnego humoru, to ten jest dla ciebie. To w stylu Lethal Company i Content Warning, ale z unikalnym twistem.
9/10 Horror, windykacja i totalny chaos w jednym czego
Gam gud
Scary game at times
Way too silly every time you need to not laugh
All around, great game, worth the price, basically Lethal Company, but with the Android smart phone guy looking at you funnily.
top
its great with a MASSIVE friend group
Es como letlal company pero bastante mejor, momentos divertidos, sustos comicos y epicos, un sistema de tienda muy bueno. En general el juego esta de 11/10, estoy deseando ver lo nuevo que van a meter
I'd sell my copy of Lethal Company for this
10/10
Para jugar con amigos es perfecto. Terror + Risas =
- 100 10
R.E.P.O. R.E.P.O.! Seriously, go play it!
i suck
pill people rob elderly people
Buy it for you and your friends NOW
2-3
good
funniest game in existence
I am android
2 boludos, memorias.
MARMOK
perffect
8/10
oyun sounpad
2700
3
I install game.
Friends install game.
We start playing.
No, not the game but music on youtube.
10/10 would recommend.
dewffewfwefwf
jbl
385
7/10
GOTY 2025
This game is awesome.
Please play this with a group of competent people
Mucho vicio al juego, simplemente no aburre.
Ultra funny game to play with friends, especially if they share same sense of humor as they can troll you as well :)
I almost pissed my pants in the first session I played.
fun monsters
80
+ -
Baller
really funny and interactive
Lethal Company but better.
good game especially when u play with your friends my suggestion is add a public room.
Juego muy entretenido para jugar con varias personas, espero que no lo dejen tirado y le vayan metiendo nuevos mapas y nuevos monstruos.
holy peak
This game is hilarious if you play with your friends. Every aspects of this game can be made into a joke.
You can take an entire piano if you work together, and I think that's inspiring.
This game is so fire my ninja's
the most hella fun ass game ever and the most funny. GET IT!
it,s very fun and I hope the game gets every more fun
best CO-OP horror oat and one of the funniest games ive ever played
[Suggestions/ideas included!]
This is BY FAR the most fun I've had in a game in a long time, especially when playing with other people. The atmosphere is surprisingly tense and creepy for a game with such a simple premise and cute playable characters.
I adore all the little details added in (like the voice pitch-shifting, getting flushed in the toilet, the love potion etc.) and shows a lot of love and passion went into this game!
There are some issues I've noticed however, like singleplayer is REALLY hard and overly punishing when it comes to death, and starting from the beginning every time seems a bit unfair. I'd like to experiment with how I play but I always end up being overly cautious because I don't want to die and lose everything.
If there was an option (or "easy mode" lol) so you just restarted the level rather than your entire playthrough would be a thoughtful addition to noobs like me.
[Also I'm not sure if this is intentional but is the Trudge supposed to be able to kill you through a wall? I've died 3 different times this way.]
There are a couple of things I wish were in the game:
- More level variety (which is something I see they're working on in their newest announcement! I can't wait!)
- Health packs (or other health items) being available naturally in the levels to some extent. Doesn't have to be much, just something that can give you 10+HP to help you in a hard level.
- I wish that the stamina recharge time could be upgraded. Either as its own upgrade or it could be improved as you stacked the regular stamina upgrades.
- A way to temporarily track a monster while on a map (especially in the harder levels). A tracking drone (with limited energy) you could attach to a monster could be another neat addition to your arsenal.
- An "extra life" item/upgrade. Could function like being revived at an extraction point/in the truck that leaves you with 1HP, but still gives you a chance to finish the level (especially in single player).
I look forward to seeing what comes next!
GOOD GAME
i got beat up by gnomes :(
5
5
yep
ze
very haha with friends! play play1! dont forget be silent!
I like riding in the cart and being pushed around
like when I used to ride the grocery cart as a small child
very good
horror game with friends, survival game alone
good good good
Hands down one of the most funny games of all time. If you got friends to play with buy it now!
No paran de salir Gnomos, NO PARAN! Puedes meter a tus amigos en el vater, Good cabron
good
10\10
very good
funny game
)
funny
There are 3 phases while playing repo
1 hahahahahahahaha.
2 guys fount something. WE RICH
3 shh.
more similar letal company game, is funny only for a little time.
R.E.P.O
who needs murderous monsters when i have friends like these
PRETTY GOOD
Lehet is akkor mutogatni!
hi
so funny
can we get ranked?
- ?
- Ima Make You Pop Like Dat (dance)
-
very fun
game is hillarious
the big head gives you head
Jeu sympa en coop
10/10
i was the last alive and there was a man with a shotgun he tripped down the stairs and did 4 back flips and broke a pot it took all 43 facial muscles to hold in my laugh but i was unsuccessful as i could not hold it anymore i started laughing he held a gun to my head as i pleeded for mercy as he shot me in the head. btw those guys have aim bot. good game
LOVE IT
385
Beutiful game. its fun, but not scary (but it actuallly is in singleplayer)
funniest game of it's kind imo
YIIPIE
Very funny, banner though
Holy fricking Physics! SPOOKS!
If you haven't already bought this game you lost the game
very fun.
6
200
200
8
250
250
100
2
3
100
100 170 30
Joker kentishka dunul v paravoz
to my pleasant surprise, this game is NOT just a lethal company clone!
if you're looking at base level, sure, there are similarities, but anyone directly comparing the games and trying to decide which one is "better" honestly misses the point and does them both a disservice. if you liked the vibes of lethal company and are looking for something to play alone or with friends that's a little more sophisticated mechanically and has fun physics, spooky ambience, and cute little trashcan robots, you should pick this game up.
Android version of Lethal Company but you can use a player as a JBL speaker, 10/10
Simply put yes
WELL for this game i love the concept of it it seems really fun but i have played level one 6 times getting instantly killed with no noise let allone here is your tutorial and here is two enimies right off the gate before i have a chance to get through the third door and also for this being a sand box sucks opps you died start fully over all upgrades gone weapons start over from nothing again absolutly makes this game a dive to not being popular qwickly and loosing players fast please add like level choice or something or to keep your upgrades in sand box so you can get somewhere for the next time i see potentail to make this an amzing game and dont get me wrong but i did have fun for like the first 30 minutes but it died out super qwickly if i could getr my ten bucks back i would but im not able to soooo i expect major improvements to this game
I got decapped so much for friends
no
true comedy when played with friends
I made a 5 year old walk on a landmine in a rich guy's mansion 11/10
The game is great and has a great future. I would like to see different modes: PVP, the player plays as a monster, and so on.
very fun
A very fun game, very much like lethal company but has it's own charm to it, the bosses and monsters are unique in their own way and the gameplay and mechanics are absolutely fun. There can be at times where the game is rage inducing, but nevertheless, that's part of the fun, what's good of a game without a challenge? And this game is fun and challenging and really funny at times :D
hell yeah
Android gaming.
20-30
For the first hour or two you'll be too busy laughing to notice that looking for valuables and dragging them to the extraction point while hiding from the occasional monster isn't all that interesting an activity. Good hype-of-the-week type fodder though, and priced accordingly. If you've got friends to play this with, it's worth the money. If not, move right along.
5
10/10
50/50
bardzo smieszne
The GOAT extraction game
Honestly.this is the best way to waste time with friends and cause a little chaos. We have really enjoyed it and its become a part of a daily ritual for us at this point.
13
> start game
> try to figure out how to sell the shit youre collecting
> hear noises in the hallway
> take a lil peek
> immediately hit with death laser from grotesque clown
Very cool and fun to play with friends. - I love collecting taxes from poor families
a baby threw a pocket watch at me. 10/10
Y'know what? I'll say it. I think I prefer this game to lethal. It still has a lot of growing pains to get over, but overall I like the gameplay loop just SLIGHTLY better than lethal, and the physics means big sillies can happen.
REPO Lethal company content warning 8 500 1 2! 3! 4! 1
C'est cool sauf APEX PREDATOR
absolute blast. laughed so hard playing with friends. most highly recommend getting this game.
This game cures depression
2025, Lethal 385
I swear if i see that fucking baby ever again I'm gonna hunt it down. Call me the child predator. wait.
cool game.
este juego me hizo darme cuenta de lo mucho que quiero, aprecio y odio a mis amigos
me cambio la vida, esto sin duda es el sexo 2 que tanto esperabamos 10/10
Kesinlikle oyun tafsiye ederim kesinlikle dil gelsin
fun ;)
funny game i like
The funniest game I ever played! xD
fun
GOOOOOOOOOD
funny game. the thing that scares me the most is the emoji banner whenever i press play on the library
if you have a soundpad then laughter until you gasp is guaranteed
SU PUTA MADRE EL PAYASO DE LOS COJONES UNA MONJA CON LAS DE MI SUEGRA UN CAZADOR CON AIMBOT BICHOS TOCA PELOTAS MAS DIFICILES QUE UN DIA SIN PAN y muchisimos mass Mapas totalmente aleatorios con cosas parecidas pero sin que sea siempre igual 10/10
No 128 tick servers
Great game had a lot of fun with my friends. Beginning of the game was scary but later on it was funny and dramatic.
silly ahh game lol
I LOVE FRIENDSLOP!
Buen juego
10 10
10 10
10 10
10 10
10 10
10 10
10 10
10 10
10 10
10 10
100
in my pocket euros and dollars
drole
fist
great fun love this s dude
Friend pushed me into a pit on accident, revived me, then I died to a flailing doll that did 2 damage to my 1hp. He subsequently gave up and let a monster kill him.
Peak.
Encounter blind huntsman that reacts to sound by shooting in the direction with a shotgun.
Sneaking with friend trying to get past it.
Line myself up behind my friend and scream.
Great game.
tlqkf
I'd play with friends
5
Esa divertido jugarlo entre amigos!
Recomendado!
10/10
Great game. Unique mechanics and a wide variety of monsters. The atmosphere and music tie everything together for a horrifying yet funny experience. 10/10
6
a partida em 3, e no final com 1 de fez 3 objetivos diferentes, e no final consegue ressuscitar e salvar a partida. Eu e meus amigos: Absolute Cinema
T
got shot in the ass
10/10
Me and a friend out of a party of 5 friends were in tears trying desperately not to laugh and alert the monsters all cuz the monster tripped and hurt himself right next to us xD
Some of the funniest stuff we've seen in years.
Very fun and funny. Also I love that you can pick up your friend while they are crouching.
Worth it every time I open it up.
it is basically lethal company with Garry's mod physics gun. Absolutely a blast to play
The best lethal company like game. Dont let the emoji banner fool you into thinking its slop.
Great game lots of fun :)
john repo
AMAZING GAME
muy buen juego, nunca pense que un juego donde eres el monito del android sea tan bueno,
I'm narrating it, I'm narrating it, aaaaah, so good. (Use soundboards for this game, it enhances the experience)
s
ES BUENISMOO, mucho mejor que el letal, se nota mucho la al detalle, tienes muchas opciones para jugar e interactuar con los objetos y cada nivel se siente y se ve diferente, es de los pocos juegos que me han logrado asustar genuina mente, ALTAMENTE RECOMENDABLE
top
bean
fire abd funny lol
SI
2
this game is a pure gold lethal clone
Basic game design principals are being ignored by the incompetent developers. The old man, for example, isn't supposed to shoot at you unless he hears you walk, type, or talk, or bumps into you. with my microphone HARD MUTED, crouched, sitting completely still, standing 10 feet way, he abruptly turns toward me and shoots me. These devs need to go back to year one of game dev studies since it's clear they can't even get basic true/false statements right.
I have been killed through walls from across the map more times than i can f*cking count. It has crashed and BSOD'd my computer more times than I can f*cking count.
This is basic collision detection, BASIC *SS SH*T that these incompetent devs can't seem to make work. This game is on par with Sonic 06 for how broken it is.
10 10
10 10.
Very fun, hilarious face animations.
BEST
360
This is a very funny game, especially when they open their mouths. Funnach game, I recommend playing with friends)
sadas
this game is like what if lethal company had the gmod physics gun and silly little robots instead of company employees. and it's so damn good
fun
This shit is straight GAS
r.e.p.o
this game is peak bro!
GOTY
fkadcjhawvdfkuyqavfdkhgavcsdkhjcgavskuyfas
Juego sencillo pero muy entretenido. Si juegas con amigos esta mejor
hourglass funny
jak to czytasz to jestes
100/10
- joga
- chama os amigos
- rouba a casa}
-quebra o prato
- corre do
- morre
- rirem da sua morte
- revive
- derruba o amigo
- mata o seu amigo o derrubando do buraco
-tudo mundo morre pelo aimbot do velho, capa
a dos amigos
- amigo se mata com basebol e voado para longe
- amigo te joga para o fim do mundo
- de novo.
muito bom.
Not sure the pure hatred coming toward the emoji banner, I mean, I do understand it but it's more of a meme to hate on it than anything. Other than that game is a 10/10 even on its initial release with 0 updates so far. Excited to see if these devs have the sauce to keep this going or if its going to just die out after an update or two. I believe in semiwork
play die rinse and repeat
This game is SOOOOO FUN! If you like lethal company or hell divers this is def the game for you but also different enough so it doesn't feel fresh. Been having a HOOT playing with friends. 10/10
everyone is on fent
goty
:)
very fun. very cool game. enjoy.
I like this game a lot
q culiao juego 5 strella
add a server browser
haha ahahaha ahahaha ahaha so funny
peak gaming
This is peak nothing else to say
They should replace the goofy emoji with one of the little bean guys
i saw people playing the game alone and i wanted to try. I dont usually like games that you play solo but this is enjoyable
jogo tao bom q tenho de nao jogar
awesome and fun game
: )
GOOD GAME
Pros:
+ Up to 6 players unmodded!
+ Impeccable aesthetic, with enough configurability if you don't want to deal with the lens distortion or pixellation effects. Design of the player characters is chef's kiss, 10/10, no notes. I could entertain myself for an hour just playing in a small sandbox level that lets me throw myself around and use the text-to-speech. Monsters and environments are good too.
+ IMO the first direct competitor to Lethal Company that may have actually surpassed it in a few areas. Excellent "horror party game" fun, and still at a reasonable price.
+ Also surprisingly viable solo! Up to a point, anyway. I've actually clocked more time solo than as a group so far, and it's just about as tense in both modes.
+ Haven't encountered any technical issues so far, what's here is very, very polished.
+ Instead of super-strict per-player inventory you get to deal with super-strict gmod physics trying to handle a bunch of valuables that are apparently all made of crystal with how easily they break. It adds some legit novelty.
Cons:
- That stupid fucking analogue horror emoji banner. As everyone else is saying, that is genuinely the biggest mark against this game and makes it look like some absolute shovelware production.
- Steam Friends invite-only, no public servers as of yet while the devs figure out how to implement a votekick system to deal with scoundrels.
- Only 3 environments so far (though a fourth is already underway). The levels do start to feel just a little samey before long; unless you actually manage to make it to level 6 at which point things start getting kinda bonkers.
Easy recommendation, especially if you like(d) Lethal Company, and maybe even for the solo experience.
blablabla
blebleble
blublublu
Bueno con amigos
This is probably one of the best games i've played in 3 years, this game has cured all current and future friend-group boredom. best 10$ ive ever spent
Watched my friends play one night and literally cried laughing at the way the people in the game talk. Love the HUB/GUI and the voice chat is hilarious. Easily some of the most fun I've had on a game in a while. Glad i got the game for sure
i love repo we should play repo guys i love repo we should play repo guys i love repo we should play repo guys i love repo we should play repo guys i love repo we should play repo guys i love repo we should play repo guys i love repo we should play repo guys i love repo we should play repo guys i love repo we should play repo guys i love repo we should play repo guys i love repo we should play repo guys i love repo we should play repo guys i love repo we should play repo guys i love repo we should play repo guys i love repo we should play repo guys i love repo we should play repo guys i love repo we should play repo guys i love repo we should play repo guys
muito bom e divertido, entre tanto acho que deveria ter de jogar com outros jogadores que nao fossem seu "amigo" na steam, q isso limita muito pra quem nao tem amigos
i THINK I LIKE THIS GAME
Super entretenido, divertido e ideal para jugar en pareja
10
Hui
Delete duck
horror funny haha! bazinga
Really fun with friends.
Goofy ahh game
probably the funniest game I've ever played with my friends. PEAK GAME
that duck is a menace to society
Suffer with your friends.
Extremely addictive. This is one of the few games that are fun to play with friends while being as equally entertaining solo. My only complaint is that upgrades are *severely* expensive, especially when considering they aren't shared with the other people in your lobby. But! HIGHLY recommend playing :p
WHERE ARE THERE SO MANY DUCKS?
so shit
yes
Shoutout DEV's. Don't remove the ammo glitch <3
this game had me and a group of 5 friends spontaneously all lock in and kill a baby for throwing * everywhere. 10/10
scary and funny
way better, scarier than Lethal Company, and its supper funny. hopefully mic problems get fixed. great game
muy divertido
very sigma
Abbastanza buona cooperativa horror, molto divertente e vario
Be me
-find really expensive item
- to push GIANT object through tiny door
- so close to extract and meet quota
- jackpot
- Giant head says otherwise
- chaos ensues
- everybody is dead and fallen in the pit of despair and death
10/10 will play again (especially with friends)
11111111
10/10 recommend to play with friends.
lethal company
100 10
Clip farming simulator
pog
I got possessed, stabbed, shot, poisoned, murdered, kidnapped, and eaten. All to pay the Tax Man. 10/10
This game is just perfect love it!
Run like a maniac on various amphetamines
lift like conan the barbarian on PEDs
Destroying Slackers
me love
amazing game, I left my friends for one minute. and then came back to find their heads on the ground with around 5 gnomes and a floating skull. very very very good
veri vun but scari at sam tiem
This game is a great mix of funny, scary and challenging. Its a blast for a group of friends, but I do wish they would add a feature to be able to play with random lobbies. If you're looking into getting this game I would highly recommend doing so, I always have a blast.
O.P.E.R
dumb teammates make game fun
kool
better than lethal league blaze company but not better than the progenitor carrying-like Pikmin. oh well
tek oynayacak kadar keriz oynayan eklesin
SIGMA GAME, ME WANT MORE TTS
this game is clip farm its great
SE LAS RECOMIENDO ESTA MUY BUENA PARA JUGARLA CON AMIGOS
I wish I could rate this mid. It's not great and it's not bad.
What it does is take Lethal Company and Content Warning, shoves those together and adds a little physics twist. It's not very new to me and feels like the same old same old in that genre, but it's still okay! Huge bonus for it being 6 player, but maybe wait for a sale or play Lethal Company or Content Warning which do the concept much better imo.
blind man shot me after his guard duck alerted him to my presence while I was escaping a geriatric demilich
Great game
PLEASE CHANGE THE EMOJI TO THE ROBOTS I BEG YALL, YOU COULD STILL HAVE THE EMOJI IN THE MARKETING OR BANNER BUT JUST HAVE THE ROBOTS BE CENTER PLEASE
recommended by Summy.
I LOVEEEEEEE THIS GAME. Me and my boyfriend play it all the time and it is so fun!
Fun and addicting I can't stop playinngg I love being a small robot just doing my job of REPO
esta de pelos
cinema
I bought the game for myself and 4 other friends to play and we love it <3
10 10
INCREIBLE, ALGO ME DICE QUE ME WA A VICIAR
after a mere 12 hours I would 100 % recommend this game the idea that im sitting under scared to my bones brings back a lot of memories plus the amount of creatues that show up is horredniesly funnny ( recommedned if you have friends or if you dont bit more fun with fren)
this game is a blast and a half with friends. fun filled horror and hilarity.
fire game
This game gave me the biggest boner ever, would recommend to all people!
buen juego de su genero 10/10
lethal company,
This game with my friends haz me WHEEEEEEEEZIIINNNNGGG with laughter.
It's like Lethal Company if it was awesome sauce!
ok yea this game is very expressive and fun to play with friends, could do with a random public lobby system
100 10
i love screaming and laughing
VERY FUN VERY POPULAR. Join the official discord to find full teams easy.
game of the year
My review doesn't matter, you'll get the game anyway.
is fun
It is fun, but I really wish it was controller compatible. Hopefully a future update!
this game is blast with idiot friends 10/10
Lethal company if it wasn't scary or funny and risk was replaced with grinding
me love i just wish there were random lobbys i could join
Very fun with friends :D
I'm the type to just hide in a corner in fear haha
Otherwise, I love the goofy physics and smacking a frying pan on my friends! Love the tumbling animation too, it's so cute!
Just buy it
(Although no public matches yet)
its fire
stuff.
i pooped my pants because the smily face emoji, so it lives up to being a horor game
do recommend if you want to dumpy your cheeto stained jeans like i did
Lethal company but funnier and scarier, this game is worth every penny
got sacrificed to a man with a shotgun
10/10 would play again
100% buy this, shit my pants but I love it :D
Audio in this game is a bit buggy sometimes I can't hear some enemies behind me and I just get instantly killed but overall the game is good with friends
very funny game
Great game with friends!
fun asf, great to play with friends :)
PUTA JOGO BOM VTMNC MAIS COMEDIA Q TERROR
very funny
Cool game fr
hola si lethal company pero mejor
nerf the eye it's fucking annoying when it instantly respwans when you're trying to extract, it too op
i really enjoy this game it gets even more funny with the more people you play with and i love that it has more upgrades than other games like lethal that require mods.
BERY GUD
i like this because i can throw myself at people
ble b;e b;e bambl bal blal; blulbullbulbulbllbululbu lingan ngiola7y guly guili wahgtya lingsg gu ;laonmjga gu ligna guiolp gukli guli whatasd lingan gu linag gauh
damn. '_')"
The
Love the game altho should consider maybe adding customizations for skins like hats, glasses, etc it would make the game wayy better!
RAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
This shit needs a timer cause waiting 40 min fucking sucks
Great game to enjoy with friends
spooky game and jumpscare monster scary! :0 haha moment with friend(s) make for laugh. Also Ducky is best friend :)
It's hilarious, completely over-the-top with humorous moments during game play and everything is made out to be way less scary than it is because you never know what to expect. Honestly 10/10 and personally, I'd say it looks to be more fun than Lethal Company in my opinion. Looking forward to seeing where this game goes after early access.
This is a very fun game and it is very good with your friends
Insano
its really fun if you have a group!
very fun, you'll love this if you love lethal company
play this game! ignore the losers who say its bad
game with stuff in it
10/10
I hit my friends with a frying pan into the void more times than i can count, can't do stupid shit like that in lethal. would recommend to anyone who loves to abuse their friends and throwing themselves into toilets.
berry berry good, ha ha funny
Pros: My HP Spectre x360 intel i7 can run REPO
Cons: My discord cannot open
Good Game
very good
Diamonds are not very durable in this game.
i hate my friends because they are the reason i die
ta bien
Jugar con amigos se vuelve divertido, y es entretenido no recomiendo mucho jugarlo solo, en caso de jugar solo que sea para acostumbrarse a los controles delo juego
VERY GOOD
g
Amazing with friends! Prox chat is really good
MUY DIVERTIDO
me gusto
pog after pog with friends
1 of the best games I ever played. Never let this game die, although it does need a server browser.
Gran juego para pasar con los amikos, literal muchas risas y equilibrio de comedia y terror :D
I backfilped into a landmine
NO ACHIEVEMENTS IS CRAZY
Fun game, terrifying monsters
it's fun it's a game and it's fun
Absolument ce jeux est consommer sans de avec un groupe de potes.
Fou rires garantis
fun game with friends
I thought I could trust my friends
fun fun fun would recommend
aASDASDA
funny
-
- 4 -
Jogo maravilhoso. Muito com amigos e desafiador de jogar sozinho.
very fun with friends and by far one of the best games to play in 2025
bueno
Con este juego, las risas aseguradas (Si tienes amigos, si no, solo. MUY solo.
Most fun ive had in a while
rawr uwu
:3
Very fun game to play with friends.
I thought it was brain rot until I watched some of my favorite Youtubers play it and now I'm hooked. It's so funny I haven't laughed this hard with a game in a long time. My GOTY so far.
This game is very fun with friends, highly recommend it!
Jogo e mto bem feito
TTS the best shit about this game
very funny physics based stealthy treasure hoarding game where you have to be careful not to damage and break the items or they devalue enough that you won't meet qouta and loose. avoiding monsters and buying upgrades in between stages feels like a lethal company like built off a more realized concept from the ground up ( no shade towards lethal )
Been playing duo with my friend for a few days now and getting better at the game every run, the chance to experiment with the randomly selected pool of items to buy from the shop keeping every run fresh and getting more cool / harder / bigger tiles in later levels also keeps the gameplay loop entertaining. highly recommend this game feels pretty fleshed out so far for an early access label. Devs are locking in because the game blew up i expect great things to come.
Looks are deceiving with this game its more than meets the eye at first glance (game "logo" and trailer) i honestly thought it looked like a cheap throw away youtuber / streamer bait game that would be worth a few cheap laughs, now me and my friend are main lining this game every time we hang out for the last few days its much more than first meets the eye.
fun fun fun
In it's current state? I can't recommend this game.
This is just a flat worse Lethal Company. There is no audio warning for you as the player to attempt any form of counter play with the monsters like in Lethal Company. The health bar is pointless since most of the roster of enemies can kill you instantly or near instantly, The stamina is abysmal, so running is rarely an option. If you're caught off guard, which easily happens given the monsters can sneak up on you, you rarely have a chance to escape to survive.
Additionally, the game doesn't heal you at all when you revive a player, forcing a considerable amount of funds going to Health Packs for the FEW enemies that don't instantly kill you. Additionally since rounds take so long to complete, you can go 15+ minutes before getting revived. There just doesn't seem to be ANY consideration on the negative game play experience when you sit out for large swaths of time.
The only enjoyable feature of this game is the TTS chat. But at that point, play Moonbase Alpha or an objectively better game: Lethal Company.
Lo que me la paso riendome con este juego cuando estoy con amigos no tiene tipo de sentido. Toltamente recomendado
Good game
this is funny as shit
d
Yes
very good yes
Melhor jogo do munduuuuu
w
Overall the game is really well put together, the fun and silly interactions you can have with the enemies, objects, and other players never get old and always find a way to make me and my friends happy.
Also love the physics in the game .3.
rigged but fun
awesomeness
repo
I's fun
mamalon
ggs
FUN WITH FRIENDS
df
R.E.P.O takes multiplayer horror to the next level, offering an unforgettable experience best enjoyed with friends. Imagine the chaos, laughter, and pure terror as you and your crew try to outsmart relentless enemies while working together (or betraying each other) to survive.
The game nails the balance between teamwork and tension, making every decision a matter of life and death. The AI is smarter, the environments are more immersive, and the scares? absolutely even more fun when screaming alongside your friends.
Whether you're strategizing together or just watching your squad fall apart under pressure, R.E.P.O is packed with moments be talking about long after you finish playing. If you thought Lethal Company was fun, wait until you dive into this masterpiece. Highly recommended for game nights!
is it to gooddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd\
my friends are the JBL speakers and I am the underpaid transport worker
aeiou
best game ever ;)
A ton of fun. A friend says it's a horror game, but it's not really.
Great game! So much fun with friends.
-PLEASE ADD INVERT MOUSE SETTING -
its fun if you have friends
brings me joy
PEAK
no
really fun
Fun and intense when the collection become more the mayhem starts.
Hayden said something really bad about sister
Aveces me duermo pero buen juego
BUENAZO JUEGALO
10/10
Playing R.E.P.O. with friends was pure the best way possible. We were screaming one second and doubled over laughing the next. The clunky physics and spooky surprises kept us on our toes the whole time. Honestly, it felt less like a game and more like a wild adventure with a lot of unexpected twists. Unforgettable!
game good, its a better lethal company :p
this game is so fun to play with your friends, and usually games like these give me motion sickness but this one doesn't. 10/10
PEAK!
gud
bat is OP last loser standing needs a nerf
Poverty is the real enemy, please just let it trickle down on me, please Reagan, PLEASE
Lethal company, but with a ton of improvements that make it super fun! Well worth downloading
please give a raise to the guy who programmed the eyes it adds x10 more enjoyment to the game XD
juego muy recomendado para jugar con amigos
im repoing it oh yes im repoing it so good oh yes repo it for the company
tremendo juegazo
this is goated fr bru its good like i like creepy stuff!11!111!1!
WOW
I usually hate games like this. but for some reason this one is really fun :)
My kids played games in genre and always wanted me to play. Well after watching drea, igp, and skilly play this i wanted to play.
I havent laughed this hard in so long! great game A+ in my book!
Good games everyone!
gbv hjn
passt sag ich.
shit sucks
me gusta
R.E.P.O is a blast of a game, if you like the wackiness of Lethal Company, this amps it to 11
super fun
me encanat
This is the shit
sanook mak
FUNNY WITH FRIENDS
JBL speaker
I threw up on my friends
porfa necesito amigos para jugar esto.
pdd: no tengo micro
Incredible potential here. What we REALLY want to see in the future:
a. PLEASE ADD MULTIPLAYER LOBBIES AND MORE PLAYERS!
b. Desperately in-need for a progression system or scaling rewards which add REPLAY VALUE! Starting from ground zero every time feels less like a fresh start and more like a chore.
c. Options to make the difficulty feel less brutal and the game less rogue-like. Perhaps add lives, or more HP, rechargeable shields, more shop items for less $. etc? These options should add less rewards though.
i have a major bug about not even loading in the game. I got a save file saved before the game was release called team simooeeets (more e's). Whenever I go to host game it sends me to single player and then I cant even click to play a game until I spam click then it might open after a while. Deleting the save file doesn't work as it just comes back and I have uninstalled, deleted everything related, downloaded it, and still had the same file appear. I don't know why I have it as I just bought it but I cant play with friends. rlly hope it gets fixed! seems like a fun game.
I did get the save to load once but it was a lvl1 despite it saying it was lvl100.
theres no way to play this with randoms and none of my friends play this. it looked super fun but sadly i just cant play unless its solo. im just going to refund whoever didnt implement that was stupid
Le picas a la Q con tus amigos y al segundo te agarran y te ponen en un puto escusado y te dejan toda la partida 10/10
ye
10/10 would recommend and best with friends
Muy bueno, con amigos es genial
game cool
fun and funny, love how clumsy the players are. Definitely better with more players, solo is not nearly as fun. But very well done overall, if you have 3 or 4 friends to play with i would definitely recommend the game. Great price, Great time, and low pc requirements.
The fundamental flaw of physics-focused games is that they're incredibly gimmicky and their mechanics get super old really fast.
This game is no exception. This game is the definition of a game that you play for 3.5 hours with friends and then never pick it up again.
Just play Lethal Company, it's pretty much the exact same game but better.
made me scared of emojis
yes.
good
i dig it.
absolute cinema.
Very fun
funny
Mosters are too op
I love getting shot by Blind Joe Biden! :steamhappy:
entretenido y es muuuuuuuuuuy bueno para jugar con amigos
very fun and makes every one voice actors
trailer did not lie, pretty good at what it does so far
awesome
this game is so much fun i love creepy games to and this one is the best i play this game with 5 friends and it was so much fun best horror game i have played in a long time
nejlepsi hra fr xd
V. good
This game is fucking awful
goated
YES FREAKING AWESOME.
I love this game BUT I do wish there was a MAC download, I have a gaming PC so I borrow my steam deck and TIRED of it! Awesome game though!
KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
super funny to play with friends, super worth it
googy
super fun to play with friends, the more people, the more fun you can have,
Bombe
didn't think edward scissorhands would make a cameo
This is truly a peak game.
I'm here because of tiktok. But it's fun.
bao
BUENISIMO
a
I love the goofy dudes!
Ta fino
bata eu bata
Good.
Definitely one of the most funny games i have ever played, my friends make this game so much fun and even in solo mode its a good challenge
Emoji mascot
Everything else
You talk like a muppet 10/10
Juegazo, GOTY y GOAT si me apuran
Despite the stupid cheesy emoji icon, it's actually a pretty fun game if you have good friends. It's similar to lethal company but different enough to be it's own thing
to have fun with friends :)
juego divertido ya sea solo o con amigos/desconocidos. es barato y muy recomendado si te quieres sacar unas risas (si no tienes amigos pues mandame solicitud y jugamos xd)
very funny to play with friends but it is also a great game to play by yourself
fire
It's aight.
topp
Fun Game To Play I Love Stealing Things From People In Real Life Now I Can Also Do It In Game Thanks R.E.P.O
se quiser rir, esse eh o jogo!
Good
Amazing.
good
I die for the company
my friends sang fetty wap and watched me get shot in the face
EPICARDO HAY QUE JUGAR CON AMIGOS SI O SI O TE VIOLAN
I laughed, I cried, and I shit myself on numerous occasions, this game has been some of the most fun I've had in any game.
muy bueno
GAME IS SUPER GOOD, MONSTER MECHANICS ARE COOL, AND MAPS ARE GREAT!
psps is monkey
me and my girlies we gon party till it early
good
funny and scary
love it
Game of the Year
That's funny
FUN SILLY BIG GAME
bueno
fun
I love this game already. I also love what little lore I found out about this game as well. 10/10
excelente juego para jugar con amigos, mientras muchos mas, mejor
Hay sexo robotico
every single time i go to a shop i have to stop myself going to the grenades like the damn fucking green goblin mask
Would!
No he entendido nada, pero lo recomiendo
Its really great!
very good. great with multiple players.
funny with friend
si
Great game to play to relax and decompress.
Stressed AF got shot in the face by the grounds keeper and melted by a monster I never saw.10/10
this good game
amazing game with friends :P
The emoji is stupid, but the game is good.
good game
good
its fun
gyd
ptsd sim
fun
hilarious co-op to play with friends. 10/10 recommend.
ty
i can pour so many hours into this game its so fun
ok so the first thing. ummm. so like. first. ummm. well. Game yes
Very fun. Playing with others makes it a little comedy-horror-game. But solo is just as fun.
im canadaian
Com certeza kkk matei meu time inteiro e joguei granada varrias vezes, morri porque um amigo bateu o dinheiro em mim quando tava com um de vida kkkkkk bom de mais, a parte da loja caos e o melhor kkk o velho cego kkkkk
Es muy divertido jugar con amigos, es un juego que no es tan sencillo, si pierdes comienzas desde el nivel uno en el caso de multijugador hasta donde sabemos, no hay screamers lo es bueno por que si es de el juego pero no te asusta jugarlo.
best horror 2025
yes.
buy gun
Game lacks an invert mouse Y option. About 10% of gamers naturally play with Y axis inverted, and it's such a simple thing in unity (literally just let the mouse Y sensitivity go negative). Thank god the issue was apparent within the first few minutes of the game and still within the refund window.
stamina takes forever to regen and items love to take damage for the smallest of bumps but that's a small price to pay for funny moments with friends
si
super bueno excepto cuando tu amigo te explota
aint these the guys from that netflix show
Game is great but early stages if any monster chases u, u escape because they move so fast and u have so little stamina that by the time u run to hide ur stamina is gone and there up ur ass. Like it seems like way to hard of a thing to do for something that is kind of the point of the game. Like for one, the laser clown. Shoots his laser up or down so when ur hiding he just randomly chooses to shoot straight or down and usually whatever ur position is he just kills u every time. The blind shooter snipes u from 1000 miles away. Ya outrun the headmaster in the slightest to be able to hide when he sees u. The scarecrow thing is just beyond. the point of the grenades and shockwaves if they do anything to the monsters lol. just a lot of things that have to get polished and balanced. The game would be a masterpiece with the right balance
this company is lookin extra lethal
silly bean robot
good game :)
i like it you can have the text to speech say the n word and you cna have fun
rePOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
its cool
this game is so good it felt so good being put in me
FUN
Itsa scary
great game
col and funny
good
10/10
bata eu esta bueno no me pienso esmerar en la
20/10 y god
simulador de fletero, esta bueno
Demasiado weno
GOOD
Esse jogo o suco do caos. morri para um pato que virou um mutante maluco. levei 20 minutos para conseguir transportar sozinha um quadro enorme por paredes estreitas enquanto meus amigos estavam mortos provavelmente me julgando. ainda tive a oportunidade de fugir de uma perereca com duas facas tramontinas da Britney.
10/10
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA -greatest function in the game ty devs
Great Game, lets of memorable moments that can be made on the game. The only thing this game needs right now is online matchmaking. if you don't have friends to play with you will not enjoy this game.
bom
pretty repo,
Fun game with friends but single player mode need some scaling to make it feel more fair.
Fun
is fun
funneist game ever
zaebis, luchaya koop igra
best game since 1943
cute!
good game
la cabeza me exita mucha
10/10 game
Muito divertido melhor ainda com mod recomendo jogar com uns 2-4 amigos
so fun with friends
heheheh funny robot game
es divertido
385
2
top
Coming back when i have 160 hours cause I know I'll still be playing
super skibidi
love this game, i love the physics and the silliness to it. the monsters arent immortal and can be beaten (unlike a certain other game) so yeah really good fun lots of fun with friends
best game no things i did not hate
great fun and awesome game
This game is sigma skibidi with friends ohio gyat
What a banger, all i gotta say
I like this game. This game is fun.
este juego me da una sensacion de que estoy en un paraiso, la mezcla de terror con el grito de tu amigo hacen un combo perfecto y mas si ves como un sapo mutante lo asesina mientras el lo unico que hace es correr, gritar y mover la cabeza para arriba y abajo, le doy un 11 de 10 y god, dos palabras, 14 letras, 7 ABSOLUTE CINEMA.
absolutely spectacular.
I love watching my friends perish before my eyes :)
zajebiste
Dieses Spielen ist ganz gut. Ich mag es. Aber den Emoji ist ein komisch.
i have no friends
Good gaem
good game
Perfect application to check your friends IQ and capability of thinking
its goated
Great game right up until you get knocked down or have to sprint for more than 10 seconds. Made by devs who were scared of getting sweaty. Might try the game again, but currently, the deaths have my blood boiling too much to contemplate it.
This game is so much fun! I love playing it with my partners and friends! :D There are so many laughs! Even just at the character's faces! It's a great time!
Silly fun time
We talk like the canadians from south park.
este juego me hizo apreciar la vida y los impuestos agregados, no nos olvidemos del IVA, aprendi a ahorrar y vender al por mayor, lo recomiendo demasiado, este juego es la polla
I got to quota 11 and then my game crashed and it disappeared losing over 10 hours of playtime
Might be game of the year so far.
It's like Lethal Company but better in every way. The worst thing about the game is the stupid emoji they decided to use as a logo.
funny sardine android looking robots die
Jogo muitooo bom, mas sou desastrado.eu quebro todos os itens e eles perder 80% do valor antes de colocar para vender.
w1w1w
Me hacen quedar hasta tarde estos hijos de puta y yo me quiero ir a dormir.
fun
amazing game
peak. Unlike other games of this type, there are endless possibilities for fun and more so with the updates on the way. 10/10, would buy again. Also, i bought it again. twice.
it is very funny
Tossed a baby into a pit and then was shot in the head by my teammate 10/10
la verdad, uno de los mejores juegos que he probado al estilo lethal company, es repetitivo pero tiene su encanto y con los mods es una joyita
juegaso, esta bueno para jugar con amigos y cagarse de la risa como buenos esquizofrenicos, como lo mas normal que es ver a tu amigo ser asesinado brutalmente por una anomalia? claro que si, es muy normal, viva este juego y que nunca muera papus
great
awooga
great game but for the love of god GET RID OF THE EMOJI BANNER BRO
Rep
The game is great but I would suggest wait for the matchmaking update as there will be more content and you can make lobbys private. As of right now the game is heavily modded in public servers in of which I have more hours than said mod abusers. So in simple terms there are mod abusers that join games and crash then spawning stuff and they love to use soundboards to shout racial slurs.
ta peola
pa wena
goo
gracias por el juego Gyrossa
fun with friend, if u dont have friends u have to find zeus *
what text to speech does this game use
GIoco magnifico, specialmente con amici, tranne se presente Scott.(to mare xe n'omo xddd)
- Comprei o jogo pra mim e mais 2 amigos
- Rimos pelos bonecos
- Achamos muito dinheiro
- voadora aparece e destroi tudo
- Perdemos nossos empregos e vidas
Melhor jogo da minha vida
bom
juego de porqueria
very noce
Divertido, simples e interessante. :D
Perfeito para rir com amigos ou desconhecidos. Com sua gameplay intuitiva, permite partidas casuais ou A equipe de desenvolvedores ouve a comunidade e seus desejos, que o jogo receba com mais monstros, itens e
posso fazer nada de recomendar este jogo para o de pessoas
Even though my friends and I returned the game we had an absolute blast with what was in the game. There were issues of course with it being early access we would constantly crash out of each other servers and had to rejoin and then it would get better all of a sudden. It seems most of the enemies where able to get you even if you were proned under cover but it was fun. Here's our response and reaction to it all
Good game, but it needs matchmaking 100%.
This game is amazing, I have never laughed so much. So entertaining! Love playing with friends.
R.E.P.O. es de esos juegos que te atrapan con su tensa y su terror cooperativo bien logrado. Jugar con amigos es una mezcla de risa y puro ya que el chat de proximidad y las de realistas hacen que cada partida sea impredecible.
great game with friends
10/10! chorar de dar risada jogando com os amigos.
Recomendo demais
Eu e meus amigos fizemos uma de um arremessador, adorei, recomendo
10/10
ta bueno
w
One of the funniest games I've played
Hilarious, 10/10 buy it NOW!
I think most of the games in this genre don't really hold up to lethal company, except this one. This is the only game in this genre that I think has truly taken the lethal company formula, and done it better in every single way. Just the icon/banner kinda sucks that's it.
I don't think I've made it out of a level without dying at least 3 times. 59/59.
muy gracioso
I LOVE this game. It is fun and I haven't stopped laughing.
LOVE THIS GAME IM MAKING SO MANY FUNNY MEMORIES WIT MY FRIENDS
Awesome game! It's so funny and all the animations with the monsters are great
absolute cinema
yuh
Everyday my son (14male) wake up at 7:00am to the American Dad theme song EVERY SINGLE FUCKING DAY I can't take it anymore it's driving me insane its driving his siblings insane he set his alarm tone to the song and I just can't take it anymore me an my wife's bedroom is right next to his we hear it everymorning a the fucking crack of dawn GOOD MORNING USA I GOT A FEELING THAT'S IT'S GONNA BE A WONDERFUL DAY can someone please give me advice to stop this
8
Skibid Toilet
Make sure to pet the duck when you see it guys <3
Never laughed this hard
It's really silly
funny robots go boom boom, but I wonder if they are breedable ?
horrible game
we need monster sex immediately, just imagine the blowjob from the vomit monster bro I swear.
fookin great aye
So fun with friends.
R.E.P.O. is honestly so fun with friends. Couldn't recommend it more!
Fun especially with friends
good game, very scare, beware invisible man
Gud Geam
YES
the cover is accurate. funny game
no jews
its hood but please add mods
What a blast of a game!
kill them all.
E EXTREMAMENTE DIVERTIDO, COM UM POTENCIAL ABSURDO![/h3]
Recomendo!
Muy chuli
This game is insanely fun with a group. Only thing I would like to see changed is ressing fallen friends. Should just be like $500 and their head on the platform to bring them back. Sucks when your team is dead and you just solo and they have to watch for 15min trying to finish
Jogo e muito divertido kkkkkkkkk trollei meus amigos e fui muito trollado, me acompnahe nas redes sociais BoraPraPlay <3
okjandad
I've only played this game for 2 hours, and i really enjoy that it is like lethal company with physics.
ye
This game is good and FOR SURE fun with friends. For something in early access it's not too bad!
My only real complaint tho is the monsters, as there's not much you can do against them without having to buy anything like weapons, grenades, and traps. For example, the alien who has the power of telepathy: I think it would be a better encounter if you could pull teammates out of the alien's telekinetic grasp instead of just sitting there and watching them get slammed to the ground (same thing for items too btw). Other than that, good game as of right now!
Best played with friends. Lots of shenanigans to get up to. :)
fum
Pretty amazing multiplayer horror game. This game is similar to lethal company and other lethal company-esk games like Content Warning. It has many differences tho so It's definitely worth trying. I reccomend having friends to play with because it just makes it funnier and more fun, but the game in singleplayer is pretty fun too.
amazing game to play with friends, most of the time they're more dangerous than any monster
"Hi Grandpa" (shot instantly)
"uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu"
WONDERFUL
awesome game
The perfect game to bully your friends while also being as stupid as stupid comes
silly little noise boxes go brr and die
bao pa krl
good
very fun but you need friends that have the game, there's no public lobby's
Lethal company 2.0
10 crocodildo penisini 10
Tuff
Hilarious and fun to play with friends. 10/10
my friends are lacking in the brain department, so am i tho so go scream with em
lol android robot
its peak i guess
funni
Best Lethal Company-esque game so far. It feels very polished but it could use a few more updates worth of content to really shine.
it fucking gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooon
A few days ago I played this game for the first time with some friends. We played jump-rope with the body of my (still alive) brother and someone slammed a money bag into me while I was at 1 health which caused me to spontaneously combust. Highly recommend
Geil aber wann Multiplayer?
He's right behind me isnt he
spooky
iyi bir oyun ve tavsiye ederim fakat tek zor
best game everrrrrr. Overrall a very good game with scary but not too scary.
funny
Cause: Exception
berker salak salak
Fun game with friends!
Fun!
i like watching my friends perish
Absolutely hilarious! 10/10, would recommend.
its fun
nice game
Fuck ass shadow child doink'ed me into a pit 2 hours into a great solo run. SUPER FUN THO! :)
everything
South park Canadian robots reposing items
good game
MUITO BOM SO QUE EU QUEBREI TUDO E TRANSFORMEI A VIDA DOS MEUS AMIGOS UMA
10/10
soooo fun
as a first time streamer sweat i can say that I love this game, I got it as soon as it came out, i play it with my pookie everyday and we have so much fun, who agrees with me?
un juego desquisiante pero divertido con amigos
dasd
peak
A grossly uninteresting game with a grotesque game-play and characters, and cringe-worthy use of smiley iconography.
A game slop for the backward masses, as the good sales figures prove.
This is a nice horror-ish game that has capabilities for up to 6 people, the game is very fun since the proximity chat works well and the controls are relatively easy. I recommend this to anyone that is seeking a game that is fun with friends and alone.
GOTY
I wet the bed playing this
just like lethal company
insano de bom
i love it. everyone says pee pee and stuff. 10/10 would recommends for the immaturity.
An excellent game with cute character design, and funny interactions with friends, highly recommended to find somebody play with you.
yeah its kinda cool i guess idk
God shieet!
silly
la puta ostia tio me gusto mas que el toto de las abuelitas
its so funny and horor
Cara, foi uma das melhores que eu tive com jogos desse estilo.
Assim, para quem gosta de jogos em que tem que procurar no mapa e sobreviver todos os pontos de esse jogo para A coisa que eu tenho a adicionar simples: JOGUE COM SEUS AMIGOS OU SINTA MUITO MEDO! O jogo realmente te desafia a ser melhor e a continuar. O diferente de Lethal ou Content Warning, ele vai depender da sua furtividade e da sua (e, claro, ficar bravo quebrando um item de 7k sem querer).
Dito tudo, JOGUE
I LOVE DESTROYING 20,000 DOLLAR PAINTINGS!
Game Ngon Team Hay
I just recently bought the game, and I have one issue with it so far. A lack of actual controller support makes the game frustrating (I spent most of my playtime trying to tweak settings which sucked a bit). Steam's controller input isn't the best, and I can't use mouse and keyboard due to carpal tunnel issues. I would love to see actual true controller support come to this game in the future. I know a lot of people prefer controllers for accessibility reasons, so I felt it was important to point this out.
Otherwise, so far the game is fun. I haven't encountered any bugs or problems in gameplay, the audio quality for voice is great, it performs better than I could've hoped on an older model laptop.
I definitely recommend the game if you're looking for something fun to play with friends. I'm keeping my fingers crossed for an eventual Xbox port with crossplay.
Funi
funny
Krow farted and killed everyone by alerting the monter
Better than Amogus fire emoji
Very fun game with friends even when they break everything you are trying to extract
penar
Great fun with friends
like lethal company but doesn't take itself so seriously and is actually fun without 100 mods
its just perfect
gozante
hell yeah
fun with friends
i played this game high as shit with my friends and almost shitted my pants getting chased down dark hallways
i'll never look at a gnome or a duck the same again
g00d
yes
Imaginez un instant que vous et vos amis de former une d'agents secrets, non pas pour sauver le monde, mais pour des artefacts dans des lieux Bienvenue dans l'univers de R.E.P.O., un jeu d'horreur en ligne six joueurs, le rire et la peur se de inattendue.
Un concept simple, mais diablement efficace
Dans R.E.P.O., votre mission est de dans des sites pour extraire des objets de valeur. Le hic ? Ces lieux sont de effrayantes qui votre d'un outil de sur la physique, chaque tentative de saisir un artefact se transforme en une aventure rocambolesque digne des meilleures d'action.
BREAKFLIP
Quand l'horreur rencontre le burlesque
Si Lethal Company vous a fait frissonner et rire aux R.E.P.O. pousse le curseur encore plus loin. Les interactions sur la physique ajoutent une couche de chaos rendant chaque mission Imaginez-vous en train de transporter un artefact encombrant, sur une chaise invisible, tandis qu'un monstre surgit de nulle part. Le chat vocal en amplifie ces moments, transformant vos cris de terreur en de rire collectifs.
BREAKFLIP
Un fulgurant sur Steam
Depuis son lancement en le 26 2025, R.E.P.O. a conquis le des joueurs. Avec plus de 6 000 avis et une note Positive", il a des mastodontes comme GTA 5 et Apex Legends en nombre de joueurs Preuve que l'alliance de l'horreur et de l'humour fait mouche.
HTTPS:/ENSIGAME.COM
Un jeu accessible et
moins de 10 euros, R.E.P.O. offre un excellent rapport Les d'ajouter davantage de niveaux, d'ennemis et promettant une accrue. De quoi assurer des entre amis, chaque partie devient une anecdote
OUTSIDER GAMING
Conclusion
R.E.P.O. le pari audacieux de marier l'horreur et l'humour, offrant une unique en son genre. Que vous soyez un amateur de frissons ou un adepte des situations cocasses, ce jeu saura vous vivre des moments de panique hilarants, chaque mission est une aventure Enfilez votre combinaison d'agent, attrapez votre outil de et plongez dans l'univers de R.E.P.O.
Cette avis a par mes soins et non par ChatGPT, car je n'avais pas envie
TTOOOOOOp
TBH, its fine lol. Nothing ground breaking. The enemies are pretty boring, a lot of inspiration from Lethal Company
fun with friends would recomend
got touched by a fat white dude
It's fun a little scary and challenging would definatly recomend this game
El juego es una obra de arte a la modernidad.
Totally recommend playing RAPE with friends, trying to carry a massive, awkward object while sprinting from a monster is the kind of fun that makes this game remember my uncle molesting me. And when a teammate inevitably fumbles and knocks over something loud as hell? Yeah, when everything goes to shit.
definitely inspired by lethal company, takes the best aspects from it but still has its own personality
jogo divertido
good
P.E.A.K.
Played with friends and i have to say, i never laughed this much in a video game. It is really good and i see a promising future. 10/10 wait to play more! Good Job!
Mom
me duele la cara literal de tanto y eso que no tiene ni un mes desde que salio nah nah una maravilla ojala no lo abandonen como suelen hacer otras empresas con este tipo de juegos 10/10
SI
mto legal
goated
jogo incrivel. so poderiam trazer suport a controle e salas ja criadas so pra entrar aleatoriamente com de linguagem determinada
Yes
Funniest clips known to man, 10/10
so silly
linga guli guli guli wata lingan gu lingan gu
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
i like being a little trashcan that can trow things, plus the text to speech voice is hilarious
on skibidi bro goated game
esta god
All the monsters spawned on the truck and killed us all, 10/10 masterpiece
que riko
Super fun to play with friends! I know this is the most bot comment ever but its accurate
Watched my friends get their heads blown off as they cussed me out! 10/10
really good
yu
very cool
I got scared
i like
Pretty dope game with friends
so skibidi sigma rizzler gyatt
my friend got sucked off by a purple fish and then started to vomit everywhere 10/10 would play again
skibidi
ji
Kinda funny ngl but no sex
So much fun!
Use soundboard from discord and its amazing
terror 10/10
very fun. especially with friends. Definately has its "scary moments"
very nice gamure
bom dms, super divertido e com amigos mt legal
Yes very good and very scary big head guy stupid
Great game to play with friends, in-game VOIP is awesome and the mouth and eye animations when you speak are funny.
Nice gameplay loop where you try to extract with as much valuable stuff (which is very fragile so you need to take care of how you handle the items), while monsters are trying to get in your way or outright kill you.
Text-to-speech is also a nice touch. and you'll have plenty of funny and clutch moments. Can't wait for some updates!
I've seen this game before on Steam, but because of the emoji thing, I thought this was some stupid game that a Russian guy made while he was drunk, so naturally I did not care. Then I came across videos of the game and looked into it. The game is INCREDIBLY fun and even in early access it's definitely one of the best of its kind, but
THAT EMOJI NEEDS TO GO.
SI
jogo promissor, falta deixar ele mais leve e dinamico.
e uma em PT BR seria bom
Mega Witzig, kann ich jeden nur empfehlen XDD Habe mich sehr oft erschreckt XD
guapissimo, se lo puse a mi abuela y luego me eche unas partidas a este juego y me
its a good game but its like boring without other people and i don't have much friends on steam so please add like public lobby's so people without friends at least can play with other people when u add this I will be happy! i recommend this game if you got friends
fun game many laugh
bacon, egg and cheese
You can feed your friends to monsters and blow them up with explosives and bully an old man
This game is absolutely hilarious. Amazing with a group of friends!
el lol killer
35
The perfect horror/ comedy game to play with friends!
)
tuff
tummy started hurting I was laughing so hard
gud
jogo para jogar com os amigos, para jogo de terror muito medo pelo menos nos primeiros niveis
Scratches the same itch as lethal company but with physics based gameplay
fun game
Funny good game
very fun my friend very fun
QUE COMPRE SEM MEDO
My friend bought me this game, and I'm so glad he did, because the oooh scary emoji picture made me think it was just some crappy low effort game that wasn't worth my time. The game is great fun, multiplayer and singleplayer. Please change the picture, I guarantee you'll get more sales.
yes
R.E.P.O. um jogo de terror cooperativo para seis jogadores, onde precisa recuperar itens valiosos de locais assombrados. Com uma realista, cada objeto e criatura no jogo reagem de forma inesperada, tornando a e imersiva. O grande diferencial que os monstros podem possuir jogadores, mudando sua e voz, criando momentos de e susto. Com suporte dos desenvolvedores e muitas planejadas, R.E.P.O. promete ser uma assustadora e divertida para jogar com amigos!
harika ortam,
a weird doll tried to give me a bad haircut, very scary. would recommend not enduring frequent visits, i learned the hard way.
It's a crazy fun game with lots of aspects. There are a good amount of items, monsters, and tools. Overall just fun the downside is when your friends pick you up and kill you.
Lowkey, might be my favorite game that I've ever played.
i got to watch my friend get kidnapped by an invisible man then get lasered by some frog thing while also being hunted by a man with a shotgun
10/10 would recommend
Fun with friends, a little spook and a lot of laughs!
fun as heck with friends. simliar vibe to lethal company but with the scare factor dialed down a bit, something i appriciate as a wuss. fun vibes, fun physics, great meme potencial. a great addition to the multiplayer horror game genre.
repo
Erp
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
nice
(et terrifiant)
I called my friend a bitch and got instantly shot by a huntsman. I did not survive.
10/10
i love thi game i love thi game i love thi game so cool yes i love little silly robots
i love repossesing
the game slaps, its really good and really fun with friends
especially those moments where only one guy left, you just help it but to burst into laughter
the only bad thing is that weird emoji, i saw the game a couple times before but that thing makes it look like a weird polish game made by a guy in his basement while being drunk
[h1]CHANGE THE EMOJI MASCOT[/h1]
I GOT SHOT MY A BLIND MAN 10/10
spala a pak spadla bylo 5
YAS
clears lethal company
very fun with friends simple
Super Fun entre amis,vraiment incroyable (meilleur que content warning)
engeli olan varsa oyun
Great game to play with friends but it gets repetitive., alone its not that good
I like that the game is very good and i dont like that there is no monster book or guide that at least hints to how to kill or survive some monsters
cool and all but really should add a sex feature or mabye a monster that rapes you
Bellissimo gioco, divertente da giocare con gli amici, ne vale tutto il prezzo.
buenisimo xd
I can finally play this but I play it with family group, very sad about that :[
MUITO BOM JOGO 10/10
Amazing successor to lethal company
Es perfecto, lo seria si se pudiera jugar con mas personas y no solo con tus amigos SI o SI
+
Very fun game to play with friends (better version of Lethal Company)
esta bueno el juego me gusto bastante
11/10
i like this a lot 10/10
Have never been so scared to laugh while my buddy is getting mauled to death by a doll lady with knife hands 10/10
pwetty good
k
like
Je me suis fait
J'ai
Lethal Company-like avec physique G-mod et utilisation du micro fond, de quoi bien rigoler avec les copaings, juste un peu beaucoup trop dur par moment (le jeu te HARCELE)
Facilement 8.5/10
Stupidly funny!
funny
ghghffghhgf
ubaw po pachy
Kein Matchmaking?
Ich verstehe nicht, warum R.E.P.O. keine einfache Lobby-Suchfunktion hat, um mit Spielern (Randoms) zusammenzuspielen. Nicht jeder hat eine feste Gruppe oder Freunde auf dem PC viele meiner Freunde haben Konsolen, also bleibt mir nur die Option, alleine zu spielen. Und das macht bei einem Spiel wie diesem einfach keinen
Das Spiel selbst hat Potenzial, aber ohne eine funktionierende Matchmaking-Funktion es sich leer und frustrierend an. Ich will nicht erst in Discord-Gruppen nach Mitspielern suchen oder auf gut hoffen, dass jemand meiner Lobby beitritt.
Ein Multiplayer-Spiel ohne Multiplayer-Option ist einfach schlecht durchdacht. Bitte eine Lobby-Suche hinzu!
Bewertung: 4/10 Einsamkeitssimulator statt
fun game. cant wait for the updates taht add more stuff, i bet its gonna be fun af
Probably the best game to play with friends
Tipo de jogo que o drake gostaria
This game is just peak chef kiss from Mongolia!
its so funny
very fun with friends i love that theres no time limit
this is better than monster hunter 10/10
10/10 would tumble again
This game is pretty fun but i keep getting matched with these B and H dudes, they suck but besides that its super fun
i like a da funny game
good
Very cool very funny very scay
Get friends, get job, find loot, lose loot, fight to the death for a crown
10/10
alot of steps are missing and when can we have matchmaking with randoms
It's fun to play, work on fixing enemy mobs and items that get destroyed after being lightly put down anywhere. Enemy mobs see you when they shouldn't, e.g. in hideouts (under tables and many other things). Add the ability to join a game that has already started. There are many things to improve, but the game is great and has potential.
FUN BUT SCARY AND STRESSFUL BUT IN MY OPINE REALLY FUN THAT IS Y I RECOMMEND R.E.P.O FOR PLAYERS THAT WANT A CHALLENGE
esta bueno pa jugar con amigos si no tienes ni lo compres
you can throw your friends into a pit, 10/10
funny
this game is so peak i literally reconsidered killing myself
fun game :)
tabien
un juego bastante divertido un poco aterrador y entretenido. recomendado 100%
can you bless me with something? money-wise?
I was forced to play this
Ah yes i love grabbing a duck that looks super friendly :)
8/10 would play again
[h2][b]R.E.P.O. > Lethal Company[/b][/h2]
hilarious
MT PIKA
Entre a una habitacion agarre un anillo me doy vuelta me pegan un corchaso. 10/10
funny
=
Muy divertido!
game awesome cool cool game very awesome and cool
)
a very fun hilarious game to play with your friends!
FHJUI
drole et fun
wahhhhhhhhhhhhhh
juegazo
very fun
Fun AND hilarious
you can get in toilet 10/10
this game is fun with friends
i don't understand negative reviews for this game. even at this base state it gives me joy like games used to back in the days. pretty straight to the point and fun, although i can understand that people who don't have anyone to play with it looses its core fun. on the other hand you literally have discord channel where you can definitely find someone to play with.
and one more thing, people please please stop chasing THAT GAME that you will spend thousands of hours on with crazy progression and achievements and daily goals. sometimes games should be just that games, drop in drop out have quick harmless fun. i used to play cs 1.6 de_dust2 on and on and on and there was no leader board no end game. just pure gameplay. i recommend this game at full price and can't wait to see what they will make in the future <3
love it so funny
Very fun. Being able to break a cup over my friends head is amazing.
really good and scary game very amazing
very good
Perfect blend of horror and comedy. The proximity chat is amazing and hilarious. The core loop of the game is also really fun. It feels like I'm playing Luigi's Mansion with friends. 10/10 would recommend.
good
VERY GOOD GAME! LOOT EVERYTHING!
I like this game a tun, with the physics and everything, makes it so good, the game is more enjoyable with friends to
Gud game :]
tut ve at zevkli
yes
PLZ ADD A AK-47, ROCKET LAUNCHER, AND SELF DESTRUCT UPGRADE
best squirtgame ever, i gooned 10 times in 10 minutes with this one
Fun game. Many laughs were had.
jogo fino
I LOVE THIS GAME
A giant head tried to eat me and I got my face scraped by a scary doll. 10/10 would recommend to everyone who does not pay taxes
the ducks
FUNFUNFUNFUNFUNFUNFUNFUFNFUFNFUFNFUFNFUFNFUNFUNFUNFUNFUFNFUNFUNFUNFUN this game is fun i think.
rpeo
REPO. where do i even start, you saved me from going insane from march madness. after clemson lost, i was in a dark place. but repo saved me
funny
very sigma
abacate morno
MELHOR JOGO PRA RIR QUE JOGUEI KSKSKSK
W
very good very nice
best fun game :D
amazing game, nothing more to say.
its like the other game you know the one. but funner with more people and harder. very very funny things happen here
muy divertido, se nota el que le tienen al juegos los desarrolladores.
Me & the habibis are dumb fuckers, who would rather try and kill everything on the map then extract.
10/10 experience
Juegazo, despues de un rato se hace repetitivo pero no creo que sea asi por mucho tiempo, por lo menos hasta que workshop, por lo demas es un juegazo que da mas risa que miedo si juegan con sus panas
very fun
Die Ente ist etwas nervig aber ich habe selten so gut gelacht!
easily one of the best polished co-op games I've ever played
Funny moments rate: S+
Gameplay rate: A+
monsters rate: O+ (stands for OKAY+)
Item rate: A+
Weapons, Drones, upgrades rate: S+
level amount: inf
You can only play this with friends cause it's in early access.
Harika Bir oyun
Najlepsze piwerko
Picked up game didn't know much started a round with 6 people the other 5 died i was left alone I pressed Q and went small 11/10 Good Game
yeah
destruction madness murder explosives all the key things for a good game
I'm Repoing it
This game sucks ass. I hate it with passion.
Uno de los tantos juegos de Terror que buscaba desde que era
Que compartas espantos y a la vez en Multijugador, integren Multijugador Mediante Servidores para que podamos conectarnos y que los jugadores de 6 a 12 y que hayan mapas grandes y emocionantes!
Eines der besten und lustigsten Spiele der letzten Jahre. Nach 15-20 Minuten hat man die Mechanik sehr gut Wir waren zu sechst und haben auf Anhieb 4h gezockt :)
This game is pure chaos, in the best way possible. If you want to laugh so hard you cry, then play this with your friends.
its lik lethel company but funnier
A cracking laugh
tons of fun to play with friends
Perfect game for playing with your friends, You need to give a chance to this masterpiece. Every time I play this, I'm dying of laughter.
BIG SCARY RAD
Jogo simplesmente sensacional! enjoa, divertido e principalmente,
ter o modo de busca de partidas, que pode ser adicionado brevemente ;)
Mas tirando isso, 10/10! Jogo perfeito.
Ngl kinda just makes me want to go play Lethal Company. I get that some people are saying its "funnier" than Lethal Company, but I still want to be scared shitless with funny aspects.
Really fun game! Got it as it was only 10 bucks and it is a blast to play with friends! Solo is pretty hard and not really that much fun so I would encourage you to get some friends together for it. Can't wait to see what becomes of this game as they continue to develop it. Really simply graphics and design but that adds to the humor and fun of it all.
Funny little game that has WILD potential. They definitely make all the enemies make SOME SORT of noise idle so we can at least hear them when silent.
bumass friends don't wanna play it at all
not my issue they suck
good game tho 9/10
So much fun if you play this with friends
good fun
yuh
si
LMAO PISAN
verry fun game that i hope could get a workshop later on
Absolute cinema
love
This is the best game of 2025 me and my friends have never laughed so hard in a game before it beats lethal company even. I would fully recommend you buy this.
I like this game its pretty cool
So fun
its chaos but fun
romania sim
rogue like,
Most of my experience with this game is I'm the only one left alive and I'm learning to play golf by putting along my friend's head with another friend's head to get them to the resurrection point and then creeping along like a toddler who has yet to learn to walk in order to try to meet the quota which we're at least short on. Then when this is done and they are all bought back to life they are immediately killed by a shotgun wielding grandpa who heard them breathe too loudly.
If you don't die to grandpa then the next deadliest place to be is next to a friend holding a mine in the shop.
10/10 I've never been so stressed.
pretty neat
The Game is fun (most) of the time.
Un juego para pasar el rato entre amigos, jugarlo solo pierde su personal), pues lo mejor es poder jugarlo en cooperativo, yo lo recomiendo mucho ademas la dificultad es muy buena y llevadera en mi personal siento que los desarrolladores le dan mucho al juego pues siempre tratando de que nuevas cosas al juego.
god con amigos
bien
Really good game + every aspect
ik zeg doen
mt resenha
I love this game but needs a bit of work in my opinion if you want a long lasting player base.
I often play in 2 to 4 player mode with my family and Husband. We inevitability mess up along the way and game over.
As a group of 4, we can't get past level 3.
I would absolutely love some Progression saving. I hate getting all these upgrades and tools only to game over. I would also like not to just 100% game over if we mess up, Like another chance to beat the same level. Reviving before extraction would be nice too, I hate watching people play for 30 mins while were all just chilling dead. My husband and I finally got to level 4 - lots of upgrades, doing great. Only to get spawn (truck) camped by ALL the monsters and lost. Please add these features! I bet people will stick around long term if this is fixed! Awesome game though! 100% glad we bought this game!
goddddddddddddd
awsum
fun asf
SUPPER
FUN
govno
Metaforikh Kardameik
Fantastic. This game has followed the formula of Lethal Company and enhanced it to separate it from the game and make it less like a 'clone' and more of an inspired game within the same genre.
Pretty fun game! 10/10 the monsters, and the objectives are rather easy but do get tough as you progress through every level. Your best bet do upgrades worry about weapons later!
its so fun! maps are fairly easy to explore. i wish respawn gave you more than one health because sometimes its nearly impossible not to take any damage, but overall i love the gameplay
"Quirky Lethal Company" - my very large friend
I love the feeling of getting my ass eaten
the random eye movements are the best
much good very wow
juegardo
Queria ter amigos pra jogar, o jogo em si mas tenho amigos pra jogar.
good game :3
Haha
Very entertaining and a lot better than Lethal Company as you don't have to travel far to get to the area you need to be.
sim muito bom ver seu amigo ser um robo puto da vida caindo no void depois de ser atacado por um pato fofinho
buen jeugo
fena
Great game
So sigma, bashed my skull into my friends body and we both fell into a deep pit of death. Would recommend
I came, I played, I laughed my ass off, I highly recommend it.
However, get rid of the goblins
10 10
UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
it's like lethal company on crack and i love it so much
Fun, haven't laughed this much in a long time playing a game.
hermoso juego te re cagas de risa
Lots of laughs have been had with this game and we didn't even get very far. Totally going to try and get more of my friends to get it and have them join. xD
I find it more enjoyable in multiplayer than playing on my own.
Android guy funny yum yum
un juego muy divertido y gracioso para estar con tus amigos me agrada la idea de que cada mapa es unico y no se repite tanto el mapa como la ubicacion de los objetos a recolectar ,pineso que asen falta mas en los mapas ademas de el laboratorio ,la masmorra ,y la casa abandonada o asi los veo yo ;sugiero un edificio abandonado con maximo 12 plantas (pisos ) segun en nivel que sea y mas enemigos ,de diversos tipos (ejemplo ramdom ) un asesino en seria con cuchillo o motosierra
es el tipico mierdijuego q vale cada eddie que cuesta. Para que comprar el Call Of Duty nuevo si puedes hacer el pinga con tus amigos por menos de 10 pavos?
this is how the emogi represents the game, it is fun, way to funny and it will make your teeth jacked up and see in your eye sockets. the last part was a joke.
Incredibly funny totally recommended worths every penny
8/10 KEKW
fun to just fuck around
Me parece muy entretenido es un juego que me llamo la por su y por ser multiplicador mas que todo para jugar con amigos, solo me falta jugar con amigos, pero trabajo y estudio :(
soy muy cooperativo y empatico.
Yes.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAACHHHHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
the blind guy right beside me
I called my friend a fruit salad
FUN
w game
bla bla bla ble ble ble blu blu blu HAP!
lingan guli guli guli wacha lingangu lingangu lingan guli guli guli wacha lingangu linganguuuu
SELAM ALEYKUM ALEYKUM SALAAMM
Gra nie warta tych
I accidentally farted whilst hiding which was a dear mistake because I then proceeded to get my ass ate by a bunch of gnomes
10/10 would get molested by gnomes again
Palle
If you encounter the giant head be sure to pull is hair strand. It kills him immediately
385 200
Muy buen juego para jugar con amigos, un cago de risa
muito
goated game
ok
fun game with the boys even better with mods
better than lethal company imo
this game is so funny i actually made some crazy sound effects with it
100.000$
A very good game made by a very small studio
probably the best game
Me guta REPO poque ta bueno y ya
I can't have sex with the gnomes
Absolutely great game so far!
blyat huiny: clen", SYKA YEBAL
Pode comprar sem ter medo, o jogo e divertido do bacana kkkkk, se tem amigos, tem grupo no discord BR desse jogo que tem salas infinitas pra jogar.
amazing game. Definitely better with a group of friends, and preferably when you are all cooked. But yes great game, worth every cent.
Devs seem like well rounded people as well.
Will recommend, especially with a party of friends
Similar to lethal company, gameplay loop wise. But wayyyyyyy better. I only enjoyed lethal company for a short period. This game has way more replayablity IMO.
would be nice for a long term progression system, even if its just cosmetics. Just so people who like to grind, have something. But ya its a great game overall
This is the most stupid, bizarre, funniest, amazing game I have ever play.
In between the laughter you will be screaming
Thanks for making this game
this game is so fun
Es la respuesta tan positiva que este juego. Al principio dudaba si adquirirlo o no, pero con ver un reel de unos amigos riendo a morir, dije: [i] intentarlo!" [/i] y supe el por su rotundo en etapas tan tempranas y siendo un juego en constante desarrollo. [b] No se van a arrepentir. [/b] Es un tipo de juego parecido al Lethal Company; Debes explorar una zona desconocida con criaturas enemigas desconocidas para recaudar cierta suma de dinero con la diferencia agregada de por medio gracias al aspecto de los personajes, las zonas, la constante y exhaustiva cautela que debes tener con los objetos y la inesperada experiencia PvE contra los enemigos que puedes tener de manera y divertida. Sin duda, un gran juego a un precio muy accesible a cambio de horas de calidad en de tus amigos. Por y no menos importante, hacer a [u] semiwork [/u] y su constante chequeo en los comentarios brindados por la comunidad; este juego se siente como un abrazo de jugador a jugador, donde verdaderamente se toma en cuenta la de los mismos jugadores y se notan los cambios tras cada
Bien hecho.
[code] 10/10 [/code] :steamhappy:
Yes
This game hands down is fun and scary at the same time. Running around collecting valuables sounds easy, but when you bump into walls or players, the value like life, deappreciates. Repo brings amazing content and great laughs for all. This game is easily by far the best horror genre game to date. I have already made a lot of tik tok vods and can't stop playing. If you are doubting yourself, don't. GET the game it's worth it.
Gioco magnifico
fun
This game is way better than lethal company 10/10
le jeu est trop top
bien
peak
game of the year
very good game, i kill myself with a shotgun
Jeux incroyable bonne achat rentable de bz des fous rires
QUACK i hate that DUCK
Really fun, with few flaws. 8/10
Compared to other similar games in that co-op horror genres, the differences are.
The upsides:
-Way more fun monster interactions. You have a phase where you have to escape, so you'll always have to face monsters. They're creative too, with different abilities.
-No flashlight batteries! Also no time limit!
-Crouching and getting into that small form is a fun gameplay mechanic. You can hide in places or get carried by other players. But it also means players can bump into you and push you.
The downsides:
-No lobby, you need friends.
-When you don't have any more objects to sell you're just softlocked. You can't escape or end the game, we had to disconnect.
-Physics and moving objects is challenging, but "clunky" sometimes, objects don't seem to rotate well. Sometimes even when focusing in a calm situation, without monsters, you can break a lot of value from an object due to the voluntarily janky physics. (It's fair when you need to hurry though.)
Cuando tienes fuerza 20 la vida se te hace mas facil
kill them all
fun with friends
OMG stupid fun with friends! love it
my balls are huge
Skoro 40h a nelituju ani minuty, co jsem hra a a opravdu komunitu a na 100% aby hra byla a se
10 euro na steamu!
Lachflash auf jeden fall Garantiert Leude und deer Nervenkitzel is crazy
well, yes, but also no. But idk bcs its like yes, but im not good at game, but nah, but i will review positive, but in realityness i want to vote no, buit i like so is ok. yep? ok. my friend tell me buy, lol.
ummmm yes
Goated, great for getting your friends to yell at you.
dat game is amazing onley the bugs mack problem dat you die and dan life agan dats wierd
dope
Very nice
Excelente juego muy divertido 100% recomendado
-
super fucking fun especially with friends
konnte meine mates vergewaltigen und in den void
It's a very fun experience with friends. Not bad either for a game that is cheap and holds little GB. I recommend that more people buy this game.
tipi topi
skibidiskibididibidiskibiditoilet
Great game with friends what lethal company should of been
Fun with friends
THIS GAME IS SO FUN! I 100% reccomend it
polecam fajna gra ze znajomymi
GTA VI wont beat this
gut
imma a R.E.P.O your kids
Gra jest tak o wiele lepsza niz phasofobia oraz lethal comapny
FIRGGIN TUFF AH GAM!
Es ist ein sehr lustiges spiel, dank dem proximty chat macht esviel mehr spass mit freunden und es macht es auch realistischer.
Es wird auch nicht langweilig da die Level immer schwerer werden und die herausforderung steigt.
very funny, with friends.
gaming is amazing
At first I thought it was just another Lethal Company clone. but after two games I realized how fun and surprisingly in-depth the game is. Worth your time for the price if you have a group to play with.
fun
it good
Its more funny than scary
great
yes yes very good
Imma make you pop like that
Fun game with friends.
Definetly worth a buy.
The game is good, but ts pmo :(. The mechanics of items losing value needs much work, you can barely drop an item and it loses almost all of its value sometimes. I dropped a skeleton worth 22 (very lightly) and it lost 7 value. When enemies are involved, you could just lose the entire run because the enemy attacked your cart. This game has so much BS but it's still fun kinda :)
good game and very fun
he's behind you
its a fun game but i think they or you maybe should add online servers so people can make friends online and new people dont have to play alone
like it
jees
The duck when you're trying to hide.
jogo mt bom principalmente com amgs fica mt aperta "Q" perto de algum amigo q ganha vida
Macht richtig Bock, den Preis absoluter No-Brainer
samuel is a pedo
If you have friends that also have the game, im recommending it 10/10. This game made me laugh like never before. The bigger the group, better experience.
Fajna gierka do pogrania ze znajomymi, minusem cena ale chyba warto te na sporo godzin dobrej zabawy z ziomkami(czubami)
20 5
Buen juego
meh the first couple of weeks was fun. Don't buy it if you plan on playing with randoms.
pepo
fun with friends but no matchmaking yet
makes my balls tickle
Veeeery fun
absolute peak
so about this game really good but there is one thing why does the diamond break in one hit a diamond is one of the storgnes mat in the world not real life me sadd
Ok
dojebana
fun to play with friends, alone is kinda stressful :/
Nice and fun game! I'm really excited what this game brings in the future updates!
on numara
HHH
SARIYOR VAALLA
BUENISIMO PARA JUGAR CON AMIGOS!
Strenght only go brrr
Ya saquen REPO 2
imba
very funny good gam
IT IS A REALLY FUN GAME TO PLAY i have never got bored of this game yet which happens with a lot of other games but not this one
3-4 5 3-5
5 -
- -
Great game with friends. For the time being, its not that much to do. Looking forward to updates
6 son tam trucka gidecekken sirenini micin huntsmane 2 agalarla bu olaya :D bu arada o sevim :3
hell yeah its deserved positive review
cant play single player or multi player. i can play one game but after we all die i have to either restart my computer after each game or not play at all
szuper
the indescribable joy i have from killing my friends is amazing. you should buy this game if you want to be a massive friend :)
amusant d'y jouer avec ces amis!
ye
This game is so much fun & hilarious to play with friends! If you're a fan of lethal company, you'll enjoy this game!
Great game solo and with friends :)
es macht einfach immer mehr
funny android game
Muy
10/10 Love being the cause of death in the game
So far so good! Super fuun!
>Get game
>not online multiplayer?
>Join Discord
>Find game
>Survive 4 rounds
>1 HP
>Gnome
>They say smash it
>It smash me :(
10/10
I WOULD RECOMEND THIS GAME,ESPECIALY IF YOU HAVE THAT LAUGH ON EVERYTHING,EVEN YOUR OWN DEATHS
+ very swag
- you need friends
good game, bad teammates
+rep
Un juego que es una joyita con amigos
penis
what scratch said
funny
i be repoing it
komedi
Great however it needs public servers
very fun! love the voice, text to speech and the eyeball mechanics
Very Great
I didn't laugh like i did in this game for a long time, recommend
100/10 fun as hell
very funny, hi steph
it's pretty good
we love a good repossession simulator for the kids, teach em young!
REPO
funny af
Fun with friends, gets pretty tense at times. One of the better games to come out in a while.
Sune (but yeah buy this game, it's fun
Me see shotgun blind uncle me die
meowed then got my head blown off by an old guy would reccomend
What game so crazyyyyyyyyyyyy
Excelente, risas y muertes absurdas.
R.E.P.O. is a fantastic mix of spooky tension and laugh-out-loud physics-based chaos! Playing as little repo-bots, you and your friends must retrieve items while dodging terrifying (and sometimes ridiculous) monsters. The teamwork required makes for some truly hilarious moments, and the proximity chat adds an extra layer of fun. If you love co-op games with a mix of strategy, humor, and horror, this a must-play! Highly recommended!
TROP COOL
actually good lethal-like that makes the game more fun and interesting, even without mods. the devs are very creative individuals for coming up with tons of ways to make the game an easy fun time every time you play
You are bald, poor and like anime! Get back to work, scum!
lebron
Ojala sacaran mas rule 34 del juego o un mod p0rn0
Zjbs
Fun game with friends, kind of like Lethal Company but cartoonist.
Good friendslop :)
funny yes
its good brev
42 42
ta guapo er juego ya veeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
great game. add player customization (preferably unlocked through challenges/levels beat) more maps, more monsters and plz dont abandon it okayeg
mu weno
amazing game 10/10 very funny (but don't use loud memes)
lo de cambiar las voces en el juego es bien chistoso jajsjjsjaj
For sure
Greatest game ever
Canadians? I sure do love me some Canadians!
14/10 A real rib tickler if I do say so myself!
funny
hella fun
biegnij chocapiku biegnij, biegnij biegnij biegnij
good
LING GAN GULI GULI WATA LING GAN GOO LING GAN GOO
This is the funniest shit ive ever played.
Absolutely goated game, makes the most funny moments possible with your friends. And a responsible dev team that is in touch with the fans and listens to us. Very cool
a
bla bla bla ble ble ble blu blu blu HAP! blublublu blublublu blublublu blublublu blublublu blublublu blublublu blublublu blublublu lup lup lup lingan guli guli guli watca lingang gu lingang gu lingan guli guli guli watca lingang gu lingang gu lingan guli guli guli watca lingang gu lingang gu lingan guli guli guli watca lingang gu lingang gu
iyi oyun da o siksem
AMK SLENDIRMAN OLMASA MUKENMEL OYUN
This game is super fun, but one down fall is that you can only play with friends and not random people, so if you don't have friends that always play its boring. Also, I have a very slow computer and it runs this smoothly with just a couple settings turned down.
A fresh take on the Lethal Company "scavenger hunt for quota" format. While at first R.E.P.O may feel like a wimpier clone of LC with it's item durability mechanic and a seeming lack of self-defense, these features add to the immersion by necessitating tight team work. Varying weight classes for items and the ability for multiple-hands-on-carrying ensures cooperation and teamwork. There's still an opportunity for individualism with the mechanic of attribute investment. This makes each team feel more like a collection of personalities rather than cogs in the proverbial cog in the machine as with LC!
10 10
I know none of my friends are gonna wanna buy this game to play with me but it still is a good ass game, 10/10
amazing game, please change the game banner :(
Mad fun
Silly game :p
Great Game! only issue is i can only play with friends and they don't like this game. D: so maybe add online online? like, play with strangers online.
I JUST LIKED IT
This game made me remember why I love playing with my friends.
Good game
1 3 0/ 10
yenilmeden olmadan gel
Bu sonu kalbi kaybetme gel
da gel, derdi sil yeter
zulmedip yeter
geceler
Yerine beni koyup oldun mu sen?
Kaderine boyun sen?
kor
korku
sustun mu
Kal yerde mutlu ol
Yada gel kalbimde tahta sahip ol
Senin kurban, bu serseri kalbim
Ama karar ver
This game is fun with friends. Love the googly looking eyes on the characters, it makes it even funnier.
Also great to mess with the monsters and friends. Usually hate horror games but this one, I can play and still laugh
Muy divertido sobretodo con amigos, recomendable
ITS A VERY FUNNY AND FUN GAME I WOULD LIKE IF U WOULD ADD SOME GUNS AND A MONSTER TRACKER
let the stupid emoji face on the Steam page fool you this game is great.
I suppose if you had to nail down the genre, call it a Lethal-like, as in to Lethal And while it has similarities to Lethal Company, I feel like R.E.P.O. has done a lot to refine the formula and smooth out the rough edges of that game, and become its own thing as a result. Though throughout this review I will compare it to Lethal Company quite a bit, as I find it to be a great point of reference for a game like this.
It has a goofy tone, which is conveyed through most of the elements. Where Lethal environments resembled an abandoned factory - all steel, wires and concrete, R.E.P.O might put you into a quirky wizard academy. Where Lethal player models are humanoid, are little funny robot guys, whose heads move like a South Park Canadian when they talk. Where Lethal monsters are malformed giant dogs or a massive tree giants, are literal babies and frogs with knives (not exclusively, though). The game without its creepy elements, but it definitely has a much lighter tone than Lethal Company and other similar games.
mechanics are simply on a different level to something like Lethal Company. physics simulation is downright impressive for such a small project. Object and enemies behave in a way that you can expect them to, and can be manipulated with enough skill and game knowledge. Whether dragging a monster into a bottomless pit, or fitting a massive grandfather clock through a tight doorway, the physics work.
also the main provider of comedy, in my eyes. You can bump your teammates with items, or beat enemies to death with them. You can slam doors in faces, hide in cupboards, pick up your teammates and use THEM as weapons, etc. It allows for a lot of creativity, and is honestly probably the best part of the game. It really shines in those organic hilarious moments that are a staple for these games.
The gameplay loop is fairly simple. You go into a level and collect loot, you sell the loot at locations in the level, and leave. All while trying not to die. What I enjoy about it compared to Lethal Company is the lack of a strict timer. You can stay on the level as long as you like, just going to get harder the longer you stay, but you are never forced out or put into a fail state just because you took too long. You could argue it hurts the tension, and agree to an extent. There are fewer epic last second escapes here, but the game still has its tense moments where you can snatch victory from the jaws of defeat or vice versa.
The devs seem really down to earth and willing to take feedback from the community, so I imagine this game will only get better with time. Though it is more than worth a purchase even this early into Early Access, especially if you've got friends to play with. If you were waiting for someone to take Lethal formula, give it a new spin and really run with it, this is it.
gorp gorping this game is great
best game for fun with friends especially the prox chat
threw a grenade on the blind grandpa
10/10 would do again
imo ta gra jest jak niby horror ale z ziomkami to sama zabawa
This game is really good but one thing I do wish there was a sever browser to play with people you don't know
MUCHAS RISAS
What? Haha!
+
I gave my friend PTSD by using my soundboard to jumpscare him in this game. Best Horror game for 10 euro. Worth it.
(We made 50 clips already)
Very funny game!
me play game .sad.
me play game with wife. it good. game funny. game.
Best expirience.
Fun game to play with friends! try to keep your laughter for yourself otherwise you will be killed by someones grandpa :D
i got touched
the game is pretty easy to figure out without the tutorial and the text to speech is peak and unfiltered
make it so wwe can join other random servers i have no one to play with
2 12 10
Fun game to play with friends
11/10
Good Game
R.E.P.O. -
-
- dark ambient
-
-
+
+
+
+
-
-
-
- 8/10
- 7.5/10
- 9/10
- 8/10
- 6-8
R.E.P.O.
8/10
-
-
-
-
R.E.P.O.
genuine peak
-ragdolls
-friends
-ragdolls
2
Es muy bueno cuando juegas mal
Chum is fum
10/10 indie game, rivals lethal company
Super funny when playing with friends and can be quite spooky when playing solo.
Sometimes you die to some proper unlucky crap but it's still a fun game!
I am addicted to this game.
10 10!
amazing
amk oyunu niye bu kadar zor lan
Dodali dolaczenia podczas gry jak kogos wywali poprzez internet
very fuinny
En mi opinion el bicho que es una cabeza gigante deberia sacar la lengua al atacar me pone cachondo el echo de que cuando me ataque empieze a morder tengo fetiches con eso pero no me importa me encanta esa cabeza me gustaria meterle el pito y recordar cuando me masturbe con una licuadora pero esa no es la cosa me encanta que al atacarme se agache para morderme mas rico con su gran y preciosa mandibula es un muy buen bicho y deberian meterle en una pagina hentai o dedicarle rule porque es un bicho que me la pone dura al escucharlo pasar en frente mia gracias
20 10
Game ist total cool. (wenn man sich unbeliebt bei seinen Freunden machen will)
suger
jogasso ri demais low-key me senti feliz, foram as melhores 3 horas da minha vida
10/10
REPO stand for Rvery Egoodgame PO. sometimes when mosnter is attack,u attack back, he get defeated,good mechainc in gaming,.im once kill crawly dude with door, crawly dude get good stupid noob ,.overall GAMING is good and good but wheneverofgfffffffffokaspa
le jeu la
This is an absolute blast with friends. Highly recommend you get two or three of your buddies together and go try to rob. I mean, collect things for the taxman. I'm sure you'll be juuuuuuuuuust fine! Maybe. Probably. Anyway, go forth and steal everything!
oyunj gibi anneni yesinler
Nice game! and funny
az sum debela svinq
i obicham pishki
If you have friends who can afford to buy it, it's 100% worth it, the game is one of the most fun horror co-op games on the market right now and has great potential. If you don't have friends or who can't afford to buy it, it's still very good, but it's much harder and not the same fun as when you're with a friend and you'd be better off buying other singleplayer horror games. Overall, the game is very good and is 100% worth it for its price of and for the content it offers.
oyunu oruspu az tek
Pocos son los juegos de streamer que realmente puedes jugar mismo. Este funciona bastante bien, no hacen falta muchas personas para que se vuelva divertido y funciona bastante bien en todas las situaciones.
Bastantebien/10
funny spooky robots
muy bueno
Lethal company but enjoyable
Lethal company if it was good
10\10
Chingon.
gun.
Good game. Fun game. Stressfull and relaxing at the same time.
rigolo (le jeu)
Dommage j'ai pas d'amis (pas rigolo)
l'aide
Chicos, vamos a recrearlo: Es muy divertido jugarlo con amigos
10 10
this game is the best game in the big 2025 but the Babys are too powerful pls nerf
This game is fun with friends, but it's to difficult on single player mode. It's no fun when you can't get past the second area because you keep dying. You should be able to change the difficulty on single player mode or the monsters should be less and "squishier". I might as well play Lethal Company if I'm playing by myself as it's not that difficult on single player mode. All in all it's fun as long as you are playing with friends.
jugable, ojala mas cositas
excellent, de bonne barre de rire, je suis content.
j'ai eu peur mais maintenant va
essa
very fun with friends
Oyun ama ekleyin ekibe
In the quiet glow of twilight's grace,
There shines a light, a gentle face.
A friend so kind, with soul so bright,
Like stars that fill the velvet night.
Olek, you are a spark so rare,
A soul who truly knows how to care.
With every laugh, with every smile,
You make this world so much worthwhile.
Your heart is vast, like skies above,
Embracing all with endless love.
In moments dark, you bring the dawn,
A steady hope, when hope is gone.
Your presence is a soothing balm,
A steady force, both kind and calm.
Through every storm, you hold us near,
With courage, strength, and endless cheer.
So here's to you, dear Olek, true,
A friend like none, a heart so blue.
May life return to you, each day,
The joy you give in every way.
Repo
very fun
- 10/10
me la jale
absolute cinema
GOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUTED
It has Repo In it
Le veo futuro a esta vaina es mejor que lethal company
ser aut1stas el videojuego
this game is fucking hilarious
Extremely fun, the more I play and the further I get, the more the game continues to pleasantly surprise me with things I haven't encountered before.
FREAKIN SICK
very good game if u have friends ( i dont)
this might be the funniest game i ahve ever played.
deffinitally worth the 10 euros
very fun
gabi baga soundboard edi tipa petre e chill
COOL
-
-
-
-
-
- 30 360
10 10
good for game for throwing your homies around
I was having an normal conversation with a friend and then I hear a grunt and poof my head is gone! 10/10 would recommend.
The most funny moments I had in a game with my friends in a good while.
If you and your friends like to goof around, this will be perfect for you!
this game is amazing and so is the dev team
)
Whoever made that stupid emoji should quit graphic design it gives me nightmares
i love being thrashed around like a puppet by the monsters
10/10 would recommend
If looking for a game that brings a healthy dose of humor, creativity, and a lot of unexpected fun, then R.E.P.O is the game been waiting for. From start to finish, this quirky title is a refreshing break from the typical, offering something totally unique and exciting.
At its core, R.E.P.O throws you into a bizarre world where you're tasked with navigating tricky situations and solving wild puzzles. What really stands out, though, is how the game constantly surprises you with its playful tone and clever mechanics. Every level feels like a new adventure with unexpected when you think figured it out, the game flips things on their head in the most hilarious ways.
The art style is bright and lively, and the soundtrack? a perfect blend of funky tunes that just make you want to tap your feet. Combine that with the game's lighthearted humor and fun characters, and you've got a formula for one of the most entertaining experiences in recent memory.
The puzzles in R.E.P.O are just the right level of make you think without ever feeling like stuck in a never-ending loop of frustration. And with so many fun side quests, secrets to uncover, and delightful surprises scattered throughout, always something to keep you coming back for more.
In short, R.E.P.O is the kind of game that knows how to keep you grinning ear to ear. quirky, creative, and packed with absolute must-play for anyone who loves a good laugh and a little bit of adventure!
Kolega mnie na misji, wiec mu banknotem 600$ ( nie tego )
topki s oriz
Amazing Co-op horror game. love it.
such a addicting game that i can play for hours and not get board! best with friends so yell at them to buy R.E.P.O!
es como meterse a una casa ajena en latam
I love the little duck
when i see the clown i clench my cheeks (bottom cheeks), hands for into balls of fists and i just shove arm elbow deep into that clowns ass
game is so good im just bad
got ra*d by a duck 10/10 very nice game
insane
scary gam
THE GAME VERY GOOD YOU SHOULD PLAY also join its discord to start multiplayer games with randoms
Buuuuuuuuuuuu
Realistic shart reverb
game of the year
10 10
hra je super.lepsi nez lethal company urcite doporucuji
10/10
fucking shit
Es divertido para jugar con amigos y hechar unas risas
jogo sigma para jogar com os amigos
Maffice gooch
funny
Best game in the history of mankind.
3 110 10
Great game that is a lot of fun with groups.
I hope to see a few improvements as the game gains popularity:
* The ability to use controllers instead of m/kb
* In-Game multiplayer options (find game, join, etc)
Until then, there's always DIscord
si
Caca j'aime
fun with friends
Oyunda potansiyeli gayet Lethal company ve content warning gibi ama o sikik emojiyi Gen Z brainrot sahip random drunk developer oyunu veriyor
TRALALERO TRALALLA
fun
Looove the game. Would just wish for the option to save with multiplayer.
Un Coop extraction horror, Lethal Company Like que no trata de ser solo una copia de este mismo, sino que trae un nuevo aire a este genero de videojuegos que en auge. Su de arte, su estilo lo hacen ser bien a de otros en el mercado, la simplicidad y aun complejidad que posee el juego lo hace merecedor de estar en tu
No obstante recordar, es un juego de terror, bueno, bonito y barato.
Se puede jugar singleplayer tranquilamente aunque brilla y excede todas las expectativas en multiplayer.
10 de 10
Very Nice.
this set the standard for those generic PS2 visuals horror games. now everybody can stop doing them.
i highly recommend this game,it's very funny but might die out soon so i'll enjoy my fun before it won't be trendy anymore
Super fun gathering game. Big money numbers = neuron activation. I really hope it doesn't fizzle out like most indie games after a year or two because it has a lot of potential.
scared the shit out of me. 10/10
Petite gemme surprise pour jouer avec nos amis. un bon pic de qui arrive rapidement, le jeu reste amusant. J'en ai encore beaucoup apprendre et j'ai de voir la suite!
veri fun
very fun to see your friends dying in weird ways
ouiouiouiouiouiouiouiouiouioui achete car pote et toi egale rigolade
me like it so fun
Y'a pas de online, assez cringe
/
Bastante divertido para jugar con amigos
10/10, Very funny game!
Perfection.
Fun
10/10
Super silly fun times with super silly friends.
Muito bom um medinho ,mas se comprar upgrades de pode matar todos os monstros muito bom
real shi
Un peu trop bien pour moi.
schmutz
q juego tan bueno dio
360
oyunda androidsin, begendim
Sigma
ok
So I bought this game today.
I broke into a house with a friend
He got chased by a maid with saws
He died. I didn't
10/10 If the emoji goes.
I had to take it of my Main Screen! xD
This is a super-fun game to play with friends. 10/10, it is absolutely worth playing.
I FREAKING LOVE THIS GAME
AMAZINGLY AMAZING WOWOWOWOWOOWOWOWOWOWOWOWO
za yeah bumba
The game is just great, I advise everyone to play this game a lot of fun, especially with a soundpad.
bla bla bla ble ble ble blu blu blu
mejores juegos del 2025 hasta ahora
this is one of the funniest games ive played ever i love the goofy characters and how the monsters hear when you are talking with your friends and there is so many cool diffrent monsters out there, so many levels btw (3
180 10/10
funny ahh game
This is the best horror co-op game i've played!
BLA BLA BLA
BLE BLE BLE
BLU BLU BLU
Better than Lethal Company -> you have more diabolical moments here
Best game ever created, so much different aspect : Fun, tryhard, monster killer. Like if you don't have it you should buy it right away
so sigma
silly and goofy time 10/10 recommend
Great game with friends, pls add menu volume option.
juego extremadamente guapo y gracioso es la hostia
Really cool game if you have friends(the more the better)
saucesome
Played on ROG Ally.
This is a hard one to write, because I love the concept (10/10 character designs with the puppet inspiration) and the devs are very sweet people with a lot of passion behind them. The game has a ton of potential. It just needs some changes. My 3-person group has close to 300 hours in Lethal, so we picked this up for a fresh experience. focus on the positives first.
* Aside from the aforementioned character designs, the game has plenty of downright hilarious moments waiting within. The way enemies and items can affect your voice output has made me cry-laugh more than a handful of times.
* The base value of items staying consistent between runs is a huge win. If I see something, I know how much it will be each time I grab it, letting me plan an effective route.
* The ability to share health is a welcome addition.
* The map is very helpful in locating items and guiding you to where you need to go!
* There are some incredibly high production values on display for such a small, relatively unknown indie team.
* The devs listen and obviously care about their newfound player base with open communication!
Now, start touching on things that are somewhat in the middle. These are things that I feel get a little overlooked or the dev team just think of.
* The upgrade system is a neat idea in theory. With more players, they lose their value. You can bypass needing strength and health upgrades by adding more players. Compounding this issue is that no real way to tell how much something like the Strength upgrade really helps. Maybe the color of the beam coming out of the players can change to show how heavy an item is relative to their strength?
* no time limit. While I originally saw this as a great thing, it quickly becomes a problem with one person left alive. had several nights where one person was left and it took well over 10 minutes of watching them for us to revive. a LOT of downtime. That downtime only increases if the other players or cannot retrieve your head. immensely frustrating to watch our last one alive do everything correctly for over 15 minutes, then get killed by some horrible enemy combination. a lot of lost time I could be doing something else.
* a little minigame at the end of a run where the players fight each other. It was cute at first, but quickly became a bit of a time waster. There should be a toggle to skip it.
* The extractor begins its process the moment it hits quota. If you go over, you get a bag of money for the difference, which can be damaged. This disincentivizes stockpiling items, since carrying a large bag is a risk. The money bag should be invincible, or the extractor should have an option for manual extraction.
Now get into the biggest issues. These are things that actively hamper the enjoyment of the game that have no real fix at this moment.
* First and foremost, the enemies are wildly inconsistent. Some pose essentially no threat and others straight up end a run before it begins. For example, the blind hunter hears noise, but only reacts sometimes. jarring when we try to coordinate an attack on him and he react to one player screaming while another can take a step and get shot instantly.
* There also seems to be no real counterplay against some of them, grinding a night to a halt or forcing a reset. The worst is the Robe enemy. If it makes noise before it screams to kill you, I heard it. Combine that with an enemy literally invisible which drags you off, and a recipe for an easy team wipe while no one knows the others are dead. The invisible enemy gives me flashbacks to the Fox in Lethal, and it in a good way.
* Enemy health is insanely high. During one attack on our previously mentioned hunter, I used a freshly acquired electric saw on him to the point that it broke completely. He survived and killed me instantly. Some enemies can even survive a point blank use of the explosives you purchase. They also eventually respawn, which makes killing them essentially worthless.
* Being revived mid-run leaves you with a whopping 1 health regardless of upgrades, leaving you very susceptible to a death loop and
* Most enemies hit for 50 health, or hit so fast that you die super quick. Even those that merely fling you away can cause a death due to momentum damage. Giving players a full heal between stages but reviving them at 25 mid-run would made health upgrades and purchases stay viable while keeping players actively playing.
* If I spend a ton of time and effort to get a big item ALL THE WAY BACK to the extractor, it have a chance to be destroyed when being picked up, especially when the extractor seems to keep items from getting damaged when placing them down. The visible barrier idea is nice, but it solve the problem. If there, just let it count.
I know this seems harsh, but it comes from a desire to see the game succeed with a long shelf life. entirely possible just not good at it (two of us play on handheld PCs, without M+K) or have enough people. But still, I want to have fun with it.
Its fun if you have friends, if you dont have friends you can add me, ill play with you.
I have literally played this games with friends almost everyday, it is very fun and funny.
cancer em jogo otimo para corromper seus amigos, joguem muito bom S2
696969696969
15 - 6
I don't think I have laughed so hard on a game in a long while! It has Lethal vibes, but seems like the devs care a LOT more, which is really nice to see.
game fun with friends
ES MUY DIVERTIDO JUGAR CON AMIGOS
10/10 better with friends
niga
30 1 10 10 WW, 11
sonra mikrofon ve oyun bitince lobide mikrofon kapa yapmak zorunda buda olur
trash game
everything is perfect
repo my ass
Freaky game
should be only multiplayer
very fun
fun and engaging
it so boring PLZ more mobz
c
fun
this game is so funny
p
Super lustige Alternative zu Lethal Company!
very funny, first moments of gameplay "AHHHHHHH"
It's really fun to play if you like horror games and you can play with your friends together you're also able to communicate with others
funnier than lethal company
Zuppa Pepa Seminko
HOW DOES THE BLIND MAN SHOOT ME
dfgedfthd
Funny game
Syyyyykt kaos og skummelt
good
10/10
eu se divirto quando to de baixo de uma cadeira vendo meus amigos sendo molestados na minha frente por um sapo cozinheiro. 40/10
Lingan guli guli guuiiiii wacaaaaa lin gan guuu lin gan guuuu
meh
gostei e nao gostei, pq meu amigo nao conseguia ver o diamante do caralho
OYNAYAN VARSA BERABER OYNAYA
:q
Si hubiera tocado una teta creo que la experiencia seria similar a jugar este juego, donde jugar con amigos es lo mas divertido del mundo.
I shit myself while playing this game.
this game is so so good with amazing devs and lots of fun with friends but please god get rid of that emoji it can still be in the game fine but PLEASE IT NEEDS TO GO ITS SUCH A BAD IMPRESSION THE LITTLE ROBOT GUYS ARE SO MUCH BETTER JUST PUT ONE OF THEM THERE INSTEAD
Lethal Company, but with storybots
[h1] [/h1]
[b] 20 [b]
[u] [/u]
[h3] - DEAD. [/h3]
[strike] [/strike]
[i]
2-3 [/i]
[spoiler] FREE GAME S VASHIMI KORESHAMI [/spoiler]
Yeah
best game ever tbh
zajebista ez oreo
funny
lethal company
mukemmel oyun muzik guzel ekip
Gmoda?
gg
bir oyun lethal company bir oyun
4 player fetch quest
Buen
funny Moments but fuck the Duck
oyun cok guzel ama essek arkadaslariniz varsa biraz zor olabilir cunku tum elmaslari kiriyolar -2500 dolar
silly
Maneiro demais, monstros assustadores, como o o Genial, Slipknot, a o boquinha, pato Lil Nas X, o tenebroso e o meu pai
It's so fun to play with friends
git
repo hehe
tax man love me
2-1
A great game that perfectly blends humour and horror with funny robots, daunting enemies, and a chilling and eerie atmosphere. I would recommend playing with friends, but nobody wants to play with me.
I am so lonely. All the other Viltrumites are scared of me. No one talks to me. No one wants to be my friend- They think I am unstable. They send me from planet to planet committing atrocities in their name. And as I get better at it, they fear me more and more. I am a victim of my own success. Conquest. I don't even get a real name, only a purpose. I am capable of so much more and no one sees it. Some days I feel so alone I could cry, but I don't. I never do. Because what would be the point? Not a single person in the entire universe would care.
Seriously a great game, can't wait for them to add matchmaking and various other features!
The game ever
It really cool! Thanks for the emotions!
20 2025
5
meh
can u pls add public lobbies so i dont have to play single player
Das Game macht Abnormal viel
very much
great game dood funny asf lol
rep
nazi
apupeno, ya kakau
3
Super witziges Spiel, sowieso mit Freunden und einem Soundboard, freue mich auf weitere witzige Spielstunden
haha funny game
Peak Gameplay
My friends dropped me down a pit
Its a really fun game, but my buddy keeps getting a "client disconnect error". There are a bunch of people on the forums saying the same thing too. I hope they patch it soon.
Absolutely addictive game! I love playing this solo and with friends. The whole game design is amazing, graphics are cool, love the characters and the monsters. they are cool but I don't like them because they are deadly but that makes the game even more fun! Great work devs!
it is very good but please change the title card
I love the game good job to the devs
Just one suggestion, it would be great to be able to join friends when they are in a game, cuz the game can take a lot of time, so atleast be spectator when you join, and maybe the possibility to be put back to life after you join by having your head in the truck
Atleast spectator would be cool so waiting will be better
GOTY
Outstanding!
absolutely hilarious game, but absolutely scares the hell out of you. i came a cross the head entity for the first time and he spotted mean and just made a b-line for me, i threw my headphones 9/10 game. the 1 point missing is because i almost broke my headphones but yes amazing game.
Dude ever since I got the game like, 3 days ago as of writing this, I've had sooooo much fun!
This game is super addicting and I can see it becoming even bigger in the future
10 10, 42
Fantastic
funny
What makes R.E.P.O. shine, though, is how it thrives on teamwork. going to need every person on your team to help you move these heavy items, and it requires actual communication. The proximity voice chat feature is a game-changer here. It makes coordinating with teammates a lot of fun, and it leads to moments where one person is shouting directions, another is panicking, and yet another is just trying to hold on to their end of the piano. chaos, but it's the best kind of chaos
1. :
2. :
3. :
4. :
5. :
6. :
7. :
1. : 1. 2.
2. :
3. :
4. :
5. :
6. :
7.
8. :
9.
10. :
11. :
12. :
13. :
14. :
15. :
16. :
17. :
I tried to throw a dead teammate at the blind man. I died
Es muy divertido 10/10
Cool game.
Very nice.
So many scream, i love it.
best game ever. super funny with friends
I like very mutch this game! Is very funny with friends and this game released on my birthday :), but i really want more updates with new monsters, items and locations. And it would be good if there was a workshop too!
360 10 10
Hello, we need Simplified Chinese
This game is like so flippin firew because like yumy clip farm and like realy flippin funni
bad
funny robit 10/10
its fun and can run on my laptop
O banner do jogo quer dizer nada! O jogo bom rs
g
Physics ain't physicing
But I've been a bit harsh and I know the devs try their hardest
very good
finally a game where i can actually fight back against the monsters
best game for 10 dollars frfr
ME LO REGALARON PA JUGAR Y ES MUY GRACIOSO RECOMENDADO
PEAK
(i only it alone so my review can only say that much) its kinda creepy even tho i know some monster befor playing the game and its sometimes a little unfear when it comes to tracking the player or when the monster attacks, but overall i really like the game i would give it a very g.o.o.d 8.5/10
VERY GOOD PLAY WITH FRIEND NOW? = VERY FUNNY YES!
good
cock.
Za ping!
funny
R.E.P.O. - -
Funny
TODO
made me wheeze like a drifting car, even without mods.
The one thing I will say the developers of this game is please don't do what the Dev of Lethal Company did and just kinda sit on it and barely add any content. This game is a lot like lethal company, but it does everything they do a million times better.
I'm in love with the game and barely have anything to add, maybe the mechanics of certain items breaking could be tweaked, as there have been times with vases and diamonds where they are against the floor and they just kinda explode randomly. Another thing is to add some sort of logic, as I have been on the arctic base map a couple of times and it was literally impossible to get some super heavy items up the stairs, i had bought every strength upgrade up until that point.
I'd really like to see a monster compendium added too. Im kinda avoiding guides to this game as unlike Lethal company im really enjoying learning the mechanics of this game, as it isnt as complicated, but it'd be cool if said compendium gave info like how heavy a monster is so you knew what strength you needed to pick it up and smash it into the ground.
A microphone sensitivity option would be nice too.
Overall, this game is lightning in a bottle, and I really hope the devs pump out content at a good pace to hold interest (I get that Lethal Company has one dev, but its also been a year or two now and it doesnt feel like a ton has been added)
was abducted multiple times 10/10
This game is amazing, I jamp into my teammate and they fell into a pit, then they screamed at me for the next hour. 10/10 game
great game
iyi bir oyun (arkadasimin tabak ve cesedini <3
its a fun game
more lethal company type game (boring)
shit gets tedious for most people after a few hours
jump through a door and fell into a hole.100% recommended
please make the game available to play on mac! my friend bought it but wasnt able to play it
yes
10/10 but needs these 3 things ASAP
1. Public servers/matchmaking.
2. A better mascot
3. More maps
This is a great game, but has room to improve.
very good co op game
JEU EXCEPTIONNEL
c'est surtout si vous jouez avec des amis
Le chat est une de et les objets qui change votre voix sont hilarant
d'y rejouer avec mes amis
Petit dans les maps avec des trous des 2 de l'endroit pour sell si on mets pas le chariot au centre il peut arriver que la bourse tombe dans le vide.
R.A.P.E
very fun i rlly recommend
lf
]
:)
jag gillar de den gubben
chicken jockey
pandik
I keep getting bullied 10/10
yes
is good
Game of the year!
Un Gmod unito a Lethal company
Promette molto bene sperando non venga abbandonato.
[b] NON badate a quella emoji orripilante, fate finta che non ci sia e date una al gioco. [/b]
best
Kamelen Kjelle
amazing game loads of fun
super fun!
This game is extremely fun to play with friends. It's goofy and relaxing.
10/10
Very fun yep
it is very funy to play with friends
Very fun definetely entertaining
if you have friend, tis is so funny
JBL
HUFSA DUDE
100% BETTER THE LETHAL
Sadly no robot sex.
M
funny
this game is super fun and you have to play it and you can say what ever you want in the game also i think you need at lest 4 players to have a good game and it is also fun just with two or one but it is super scary and i think you shall get it i love the game and i play it alot and i just love it<3
<3
10/10 everyone should try it
The first game I had in this game was single player and when I left to find valuables I got jumped by an Duck and a Deformed clown angler 10/10
av
14,
e
Cool
game is a W
I just started playing R.E.P.O., and honestly, I have no idea what's happening and that's exactly what makes it so fun! My friends and I jumped in without knowing what to expect, and chaos quickly followed. The unpredictable mechanics keep every session fresh, and the sense of discovery is incredibly satisfying. As for single-player mode, I'm not sure yet, it could be enjoyable, or maybe not.
10
mega zabawa polecam z
vary funy
this game is fun and funny as hell to play i enjoyed it alot wkwkwk also i accidentally run over my friends two times with the cart its so funny seeing them fly off out of my sight because of being run over wkkwkwk the character we play in this game is so cute too 10/10 + 5 Stars + No Drama
:)
:D
Great game!
2
I want you to be mine again, baby
I know my lifestyle is driving you crazy
I cannot see myself without you
We call them fans though, girl you know how we do
I go out of my way to please you
I go out of my way to see you
And I want you to be mine again baby
I know my lifestyle is driving you crazy
But, I cannot see myself without you
We call them fans though, girl you know how we do
I go out of my way to please you
I go out of the way to see you
I ain't playing no games, I need you
Baby, can you understand I'm a young nigga living
Coming from the trap, all a nigga know is get it
I ain't chasing no pussy, girl I'm talking the digits
Big bank rolls in my pockets, all fifties
Turned a little check, then, I showed you I could triple it
Baby, it's zoovier, only want you
I don't give a fuck who cares, tats on my face
She don't give a fuck who stares, looking too good
Get you fucked on sight
I'm tryna finish this who I started with
I'm tryna spend it all who I got it with
She my trap queen, let her hit the bando
We be counting up, watch how far them bands go
Hop out my beamer, she jump out the lambo
Roll them bands up, smooth how the wind go
Dumping wood guts allout the window
Married to the money, I ain't never let go
Baby, it's zoowap from the bando
Dumping wood guts allout the window
Married to the money, I ain't never let go
Baby, it's zoowap from the fucking bando
I want you to be mine again, baby
I know my lifestyle is driving you crazy
I cannot see myself without you
We call them fans though, girl you know how we do
I go out of my way to please you
I go out of my way to see you
And I want you to be mine again baby
I know my lifestyle is driving you crazy
But, I cannot see myself without you
We call them fans though, girl you know how we do
I go out of my way to please you
I go out of the way to see you
I ain't playing no games, I need you
I hope you know I need you, ay, yeaah baby
I get up on my knees too, ay, yeaah baby
Do anything to please you, ay, yeaah baby
Top down when we breeze through, ay, yeaah baby
Know they call me zoovier
We living like a movie
And all the bands down to going up, girl, you know we ran through it
I need you baby, I ain't afraid admit it
Girl, I need you baby, girl tell me if you with it
Yeaah baby, all the bands I'ma spend it
Big zoowap to the finish
When I come through, they screaming out
Zoovier, baby scream it loud
I want you to be mine again, baby
I know my lifestyle is driving you crazy
I cannot see myself without you
We call them fans though, girl you know how we do
I go out of my way to please you
I go out of my way to see you
And I want you to be mine again baby
I know my lifestyle is driving you crazy
But, I cannot see myself without you
We call them fans though, girl you know how we do
I go out of my way to please you
I go out of the way to see you
I ain't playing no games, I need you
And I want you to be mine again baby
I know my lifestyle is driving you crazy
But, I cannot see myself without you
We call them fans though, girl you know how we do
I go out of my way to please you
I go out of the way to see you
I ain't playing no games, I need you
EXCELENTE
very very cool hehe
Muy entretenido y gracioso
Very good game
Buckshot,
-
Tem bicho dos e que abre a boca quando fala, preciso falar mais nada
10/10
nice
this game is amazing and i love it
20-60 7 (8-11+ 3
fun with friends
^kaufen
fun
this game fun lah
This game is honestly one of the best party games I've played in years. The ONLY problem I have with this game (and it truly is 100% negligible) is that when hosting it says to make sure you're the person with the best pc and internet, even though you yourself don't actually host off your pc, thus being misleading for some. If I'm wrong, i propose the question as to how I have 60-90 ping on my own pc, but my friend has 20 ping. Either way it's a non issue cause ping hardly effects the game (and sometimes is helpful to have worse ping). 9/10 for the price, add matchmaking and its a 10/10
master class
1
lethal company. tik tok YT Shorts,
lethal company. just as silly
the duck can die
i got touched and died by big black man
very peak game would play again
please remove the emoji mascot its so bad
Juegazo, lo recomiendo con amigos,
20.03.25, 4-5 6 5
soundpad
10/10
Peak
reposession
very very good game but graphics are is bad
NICE GAME
Gold
Meilleure que Lethal Company ? Largement mieux, c'est tellement un plaisir d'y jouer avec les coupaings, bref, masterclass le jeu.
es uno de los mejores juegos que e jugado
OI OI BAKAAAAAAA
You can blame your friend for anything
very funny
i peed myself
muito bom
Lethal Company but even funnier
ABSOLUTE CINEMA
abi tutun sikin
cookie
I pick things up put them down make the money and bully monsters HELL YEAH
very fun game
gives Lethal Company a run for life
cause: ClientTimeout
mt bom de jogar tanto solo quanto multiplayer mas bem mais divertido com os amigos
-
10
#
4
10 / 10
imagine tu met une statue et elle se casse a cause de la porte qui embarque les objet.
10/10
Dunder spel dig och dina
mymyymymmymymymymymymymymymymymymymymmmmmymyyyyyyyyyy
Como pode um cego atirar bem?
Dear lord this has to be one of the most fun and hilarious multiplayer experiences of my life.
funny game. give it a try
review before playing the game hope its gonna be good
will update this review after playing the game
after a 3hr gameplay with the boys id say its worth it and u should definitely try it out
better than lethal company 9/10
-1 bcs F#K THAT DUCK IT SUCKS
No me he reido tanto en un juego en mi vida
not a bad game
pretty nice, itll need work to set to aside from other lethal company clones though. Excited to see where it goes.
'
Funny ass game.
Es una obra maestra, muy divertido y gracioso.
4 jbl
scariest part about this game is not the monsters but your friends putting you in the toilet your friends are the monsters
autistic game
Esto mina bitcoins pero como me cague de risa las 3 horas se la dejo pasar
lethal company type game its so much fun
w game
ugly logo
I love the sound of my friends screaming.
W game
10\10 40 1499
It's a fun experience solo but with friends, its even BETTER! You gotta try this game.
1.
2.
3.
fun
perfecto
lethal company walked so this game can run
gfgdh pizdec
.)
axueno
10 10, 10 10!
best game to play with friends, and to betray them
oui
Un jeu vraiment sympa faire seul ou plusieurs. Je ne vois pas le temps passer quand j'y joue.
its funny if with friend
SoundPad
PS.
Change the fucking banner. Otherwise 8/10.
Pls add stuff like phasmo where u can join public or private by code me and my friends play
Really good game, but please change that emoji icon.
funny games buat aku lesal
me estafaron, me dijeron que este juego tenia monas chinas encueradas, resulto ser mentira, la neta estoy muy decepcionado, los mods que vi tampoco contienen ese contenido que me prometieron, y por si fuera poco, antes solo salian 4 pinches nomos, ahora lo jugue solo y fuera mames me salieron como 12-16 pinches nomos de jardin rompiendome los pinches items, ya me diras tu q hago yo ahi xd, y estaba la pinche sobra, me raptaba junto a 4 nomos, cuando me soltaba los nomos me madreaban sin q pudiese hacer nada, eso si tienen q arreglarlo la neta xd, y algo que no me gusta son las pinches armas, apuntas a un sitio y la bala va a uno completamente diferente, pareciera que el esta torcido para apuntar 5 metros mas a los lados xd. y por si fuera poco, lo jugue con compas y al dia siguiente me dijeron q se les callo el pito, a mi no se me a caido, se me a encogido, ahora q chuchas hago yo con esto?
buen game, lo recomiendo.
Thought the count down was automatically done when we completed extraction and one person got into the truck. Apparently I have very funny cremates. 10/10
11 10
gitara
super jeu
-
- 1 2
abavaba
Fun when playing with a group of people the reactions from the NPC's to any sound is hilarious.
7 8 -
Semiwork is a swedish indie game studio which makes the game a 10/10 instantly
La puta ostia
R.E.P.O. builds upon the horror co-op genre to create something entirely new. While it's obviously inspired by games like Lethal Company or Content Warning, REPO manages to add a level of polish that isn't really present in those games. It manages to feel like a cohesive experience from start to finish and is full of fun little details that just make the game fun. I'm looking forward to seeing how the game expands it's content and systems.
I'm Going to say hands down this might be the best multiplayer online game of the 2025, First of all The game-play is amazing though following similar aspects of lethal company is unlike anything I've seen before with the idea of hauling stuff and searching for stuff to extract while at the same time searching for different extraction points, And at the same time You can create so many funny moments with your friends, Finally how it feels is great they handled the movement perfectly, And I love how everyone looks like story bots with the addition to optionally buy stat upgrades like stamina and strength, I think this is the Best multiplayer game of 2025 I would 100% recommend this to anyone that likes to get in groups with their friends online.
better than lethal cumpany
The game is blast. Fun solo and amazing with friends.
Can't wait to see what the devs cook up with future updates.
[i] "tHe EmOji Is ruInInG tHe LoOk oF tHe gAmE" [/i]
Then don't get the game? :) If an emoji is triggering you.I don't think anything else needs to be said.
Probably one of the most underwhelming games I have ever played. Refunded Immediately.
Game is good but what the fuck is the icon and banner.
5 ducks that murder you
kaif
bom pra krl
10 10
Enjoyable to play with friends, and also to get them killed for fun.
This game is so stinking funny and even more fun. Been playing almost every night since getting it and every night it never fails to keep my friends and i laughing. I absolutely believe it needs to come to consoles and be crossplay so everyone can play together. I play on my Rog Ally and had no issues mapping the buttons to my controller. I can't wait to see what the future holds for this game and what new content will be released.
very fun, challenging, i love it
This game is very cool for co-op games
i fucked my friend
soundpad
:D
The game is fun I recommend it
Very fun to play. Loved lethal when it came out and this is giving me the same enjoyment. I haven't tried solo only with a party and there is never a dull moment. Wish there were more maps and more monsters because it does get pretty repetitive but I understand the game just released and hopefully the devs add stuff quick so the game doesn't die. One thing I think it needs ASAP is matchmaking.
cool
PEAK GAME
SI
rigtig sjovt for voksne menesker
good
shits so funny GOTY ongod
Blind people are my mortal enemy now
nearly threw up from how much i was laughing, 10/10 so so fun with friends, feels better than content warning and lethal as everything doesnt one shot and you can fight back. and you can res so it makes it 100x better and easier to progress.
I can yell at my freinds while they are screaming for help because i am feeding them to a monster
8/10 just needs a bit more content but 100% worth it for an experience
nice
GET IT CHEAP AND FUN AND FUNNY
soundpad
very fun
tamponi
za JBL jest
nice game lad
360
Play with friends and not randoms. Try hards ruin the game experience 100%. Internal jokes are what make this game so dope lol
imba
L'un des meilleurs jeux auxquels j'ai fun, plein de monstres et des rebondissements chaque partie. les 10 balls les plus rentable
muy bueno
compre
King of the losers x3 what you know bout dat
TONS OF FUN WITH FRIENDS
This game to me is pretty much Lethal Company and Content Warning combined- and yea, its an amazing game. Currently haven't played a ton of it, but I have really enjoyed it so far. These type of games always get me laughing every time i play them and I condemn them for it. I will say the amount of people playing this when I check stems from 110k to 200k people which is absolutely insane. It's a great game but that amount of people consistently is so shocking to me
*meow*
Its like Lethal company number 3, so good
es ist mega cool
This is one of the best games to come to steam
GOOD
Muy gracioso
amk
360
fun
Jogo bom a unica coisa que a partir do nivel 7 ou 8 o jogo vai perdendo a mas como ta acesso antecipado eu relevo espera vir novas para torna o joga mais e legal
180
GAME IS AMPLIFIED WITH THE RIGHT MUSIC.
SONGS THAT MAKE YOU FEEL COOL LIKE A FLOCK FEATHER RUNNING WITH 0 STAMINA BUT WITH 100 RED BULL LIGHTNING SPEED
REPO PLAYLIST ON SPOTIFY WITH LYRICAL GENIUS GAME RELATED THEMES
I like the game! Its very funny to play with friends.
It's kind of cool but it's just worse than Lethal Company at everything it's trying to do.
w game
es muy buena para pasar un buen rato con tus amigos el jeugo es algo repetitivo pero si juegas con amigos no te aburriras
5
LoVe IT <3
This is honestly one of the most fun multiplayer horror games.
It has the horror factor but has that silly feel when playing with ur friends would 100% reccomend this game
ckbirjv vfkj ltytu
meaningful
Hab erst 3 Stunden bei diesem Spiel, aber meiner meinung nach hat sich das Spiel komplett gelohnt 10 Euro. Es ist so lustig mit anderen leuten zu reden und gleichzeitig zu spielen! Falls ihr keinen habt dann joint dem Discord channel! Spiel ist ansonsten Mega! 10/10
is nen
jogo insano de bom, bons graficos, suave, muito bem otimizado mas por favor coloquem servidores publicos
miku miku beeam
very good and funny game but should add where you can join random servers
10 10.
HAHAHA
ts good
Goty
Amigos, que sin ellos el juego una mierda, terror y mucho humor. Empiezas una partida a las 22h y, sin darte cuenta, ya son las 2 de la madrugada.
bengjer
its not dota but its ok
Hell of a game, love the monsters and the levels. Playing with friends is a blast. The horror aspects of this game are really good. Would highly recommend giving this game a try.
Yea this game is FAR better than Lethal Company. Its not perfect but its in a very good spot to be not even a month old yet.
ME ENCANTA, HAGANLE SERIE EN NEFLIS
It currently needs some balance changes, but it's fun as hell!
Fun asf, funny with friends. Careful with your mic around certain monsters.
A game about playing thieves in abandoned creepy places. The goal is to kill your friends for more laughs
iszonyat
It's ayt
buen juego
A game. Definitely a game.
boss baby throwing hands fr
estupendo juego, me hizo cagarme de la risa en muchas ocaciones. :D
Love love love this game. Hilarious more than scary. Few jump scares when monsters pops up unexpected. Even if it's a " rince and repeat" kind of game we just can't get enough. Laughing to tears can't get bored of it Can't wait to see the final version, already smooth and enjoyable in early access.
I don't ever write reviews for games but THIS GAME is AMAZING. Like your telling me I can just pick up my friends and shove them down a toilet?!?!? SIGN ME UP!
Si
game
REPO is a game for those who enjoy the co-op horror/comedy genre. They know their audience and extended the base player capacity to 6 (usually it's 4 people). They gave methods to fight back almost immediately against mobs, through their physics system. They made the game play loop interesting by having each map get larger as you progress, changing layouts as well.
Enough about what they did, if you look online and view REPO videos you can see people having tons of fun, and that in itself should speak volumes for why REPO is a must have.
10 10
Un cague de risa
Probably one of the most fun games I've played with friends recently. It's so simple but has a lot of humor. I would recommend playing it to all friend groups if you want to have fun or just want to have a good time!
HAHAHA
Amazing just amazing
10/10
Loic t gros ( ptdr moi aussi )
Love this game, haven't played a good horror game in a while and this game makes me jump. Like last night I am playing solo and i turn around and BAM giant skull in my face
i got shot in the face by a blind old man 10/10
you should play with friends
10
Alrighty fella be that way
Bit dumb that you're doing all of this just because I didn't feel like hopping on today. I'lI keep you on steam for now in case you want to re add me.
But I'm leaving the group.
Hopefully this isn't the end of our friendship but if it is I guess it is what it is but like you said before we've known each other for 10 years it would be dumb of you to just remove me over a joke
big monster woman got her ass wooped
da
This game is like lethal company but infinitely funnier. Don't take it too seriously it's much more fun to lean into the funny aspect and play around with the physics than to get too paranoid of the monsters and dying. You can always restart, and the Last Loser Standing minigame is a ton of fun.
1000$ ( 1
best game
10
are you gonna fix your servers?
are you gonna fix your servers?
are you gonna fix your servers!
I swear guys if they don't fix their servers im gonna break my monitor I swear!
fun horror game,yes
Not as frustrating as Lethal Company change my mind.
using the text to speech feature to call my friends rude things is fun
Very fun game and better with friends
i found that my friends is a idiot
juegazo lo que es mas divertido con 3 o 4 personas. Por 10 euros renta
the best coop game i have played in my life
if you liked lethal company you will love this game
nice. pog.
Biri korkudan her dolaba katil meydan okuyup kesiyor. birlikte ortam tam bir kaos ve komedi mekanikleriyle keyifli.
Jogo maravilhoso
es ist ein Lustiges Spiel aber mann sollte ein Funktionierendes Team haben dann hat mann auch den maximalen :)
gg good
There is nothing like watching bro get blasted to bits by a shotgun, just to take his head and do the most despicable activities with it.
10 10
Funny, Hilarious, madde me have a good hard chuckle. Oh also scary as hell :)
4
-
-
-
-
#addukrainianlanguage
9
Was soll ich sagen? Einfach gut
dark souls of capitalism
hjb ghj
10 10.
no es de terror pero te echas unas buenas risas
its more fun than lethal.
Lethal Company.
ahh all the misery you can submit your friends to <3
100000 10
fun game if u have friends
Very fun and scary themed game (not recommended with 1 player or 2) its insanely good but maps are little.
We struggled with going to bed. We constantly had to play one more game
R.E.P.O
I have PTSD
10/10
This game is Like Lethal company in A way, I just think It's way better and fun! Can use some more Updates though, But this game is still Great, and I'm thankful for this game's existence. But I disliked How Easy the items Can get destroyed, Idk, Just don't feel right.
10 10
FUN GAME XDDDDDDDDDD I AM A GIRL BTW I LOVE EMOJITITCONS AND FRIED NIGHTS AT FREDDYS ALSO LETHAL COMPANY BLOWS.
Yes
Me cago de la risa con los indigenas q llamo amigos
realising that all your friends are dead hiding under a table hoping that you live than a few seconds later you in the shop killing all your friends with grenades this game has some of the most funniest moments ever.
iyiiiiiiiii
very entartain
good
funniest game ever
Quite fun and can be quite challenging. I like the designs of the enemies and maps. Mechanics are quite unique as well
Love it.
The game is awesome, the devs actually listen to the player's feedback and are very kind, the physics are very funny, monsters are creative, you must just think "This is just another lethal company rip-off" But it has SO many different things that you can barely tell.
10 10
1
Great game, however so many monsters spawning after extraction and RIGHT by the leaving bus. it ruins the expierience a lot.
funny android game
soundpad
water
add partner looking to the game, for example, if I don't have any friends or someone is looking for a partner.
Point Confirm Button
dieses spiel ?
it's nice
ootd
Co-op 1
Q
buenisimo
like
[h1]Lethal Company but better[/h1]
This game manages to build off what Lethal Company does well but also expands off of it. It's not quite the same but definitely similar. Very fun with friends and definitely worth it for only
10
sos junto a tus amigos unos robots que se mandan a chorear a las ubicaciones mas turbias que te podes imaginar. Nunca chorear en una casa normal o al mercado "Lo de Fernando - 50% De descuento en verduras".
Podes robar hasta tazas y platos, haa pero en el shop?, se acuerdan de ser ciudadanos legales y pagas lo que compras.
Tremendo juego, te matas de la risa (y del susto de jugar solo y casi pongo a la venta la pc, te haces pichi encima si escuchas risas de nenes, golpes y tiros estando mas solo que la una. Con amigos es GOTY total, verlos morir por un diamante y un de payaso te hace reflexionar lo dura que puede ser la vida. le un de 5k a un amigo sin querer, casi me aniquila. Compren este juego, lo vale totalmente 9/10.
Highly recommend this game. Played lethal company and think I would laugh harder playing a game. I almost died last night from wheezing. Get a group and get your REPO on!
1 3
this game is so silly but spooky at the same time. I love the sillyness to the game .The game is just epic I would say everyone would love this game 10/10 game
Game of the year
goofy
I am not sure upper my option whether correct or not.
please make we can play without only steam friend inviting game
inviting friend is very long time and difficult
because i and someone similar to me is not have together-playing friend.
Eu boto ou boto, eu com medo, piripiripipiiiii kkkkkkkkkk
3
Bought this game to make a video with my friends, unfortunately they handle being in front of a camera for more then 2 minutes without saying the most vile things known to mankind, but playing solo is pretty fun:) the proximity chat is fun, but kinda hard to learn how to counter the without a guide, maybe enemy guides could be sold in the shop or smtn? fun game, play it
funny game. make laugh
=)
i love watching my friend actively go insane its quite fune :)
hilarious and scary is the greatest combo in my life
Awesome Game
Muy divertido para jugar con amigos. Los creadores suben videos muy divertidos y originales en su canal de youtube sobre actualizaciones del juego, de que se les ve con muchas ganas de que la comunidad les de ideas
Currently you have to join a lobby with your friends, there is no public lobby system. This massively limits the ability to play the game for people with no friends.
i love grandpa
scary
Probably one of the best co-op games to play with friends. Highly recommended
this fixes a lot of the downtime that Lethal Company has. Faster, funnier, whatever. who even reads these? If you are the dev reading this, then congrats on the audio. this game has some of the best audio i've heard in a while.
Very fun game, fun to play with friends!
However, they should release an update with support for ultra-wide monitors. It's annoying to play without using the entire monitor.
10
gud games
Very funny game
ta gra jest zajebista pistoletem DZIECI :>
We were able to say the forbidden words.
you'll cry laughing
I hit my friend with a money bag and killed him
meow :3
Please, for the love of god, pick a new picture LMAO. I ignored it in my queue because it immediately looked like a meme game from 5 years ago. I never would've played if my friends hadn't forced me to actually give it a second look. I even like the emojis in the game, it's really just the steam pic that makes the game look like an asset flip
jbl
20
kocham ta gre, a szczegolnie ten czat
great game
Terrence and Philip approve this game
peak?!
ce jeu est extraordinaire je le recommande a tout ce qui aime les jeux d'horreur avec tellement de de s'amuser
Game is fun as hell. But now it seems that at the last extortion of the level every monster in the game come into the map and knows where your hiding. The clown just steps on you when your hiding in a cabinet l, even though it see you go it. Monsters will stake you out while your hiding and pace back and forth to almost not let you win that level. This game is getting to be very frustrating with these kind of bugs as well I know in early access but another monster should not aggro another one and then that one come and attack you. The dam duck being for example. Another monster hits the duck, duck turns rabbid and comes and attacks you. The eye ball in the ceiling every room after extract. Devs fix this shit! Update come sooner.
goated game
not bad.
-{ Graphics }-
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☑ Bad
☐ look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
-{ Gameplay }-
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ A bit too repetitive
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
-{ Audio }-
☐ Eargasm
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
-{ Audience }-
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma
-{ PC Requirements }-
☐ Check if you can run paint
☑ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
-{ Difficulty }-
☐ Just press 'W'
☑ Easy
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
-{ Grind }-
☑ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☑ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
-{ Story }-
☑ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
-{ Game Time }-
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☑ Short
☑ Average
☐ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond
-{ Price }-
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
-{ Bugs }-
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
-{ ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☑ 9
☐ 10
-{ Commentary }-
A perfect to play with or against your mate (trolling is probably the funniest part of the game, with the game physics very well represented)
:) )
nicee game really funny
I haven't had this much playing a game in a long time! I never got into Lethal Company but always wanted to play it, so when this game came out I was all over it. Been playing it late at night with a group of friends and it's been super fun. No one game is ever the same and with the addition of mods there is plenty of replay value to be had! Highly recommend!
I love gravity
8.5/10
g
W game
jbl 10
Las risas no faltan, muy buen juego
Fun game to play with friends.
Supi
gim
boleh bergaduh kalau main ngn member
R.E.P.K.A.
I LOVE PLAYING THIS GAME WITH MY FIRENDS!
nice
I will literally repossess my friends for throwing me down that hole!
A great game to play with friends! Been playing all night long and its been more fun than lethal company
11/10
10 10
fun game, better than lethal for sure
10/10
This game is really fun to play solo and multiplayer. If you want to play for goofs then you can get fun mods but i like to make it a challenge for solo plays so i play without mods. I highly recommend this game.
really fun with friends. must have. kind of like lethal company, but BETTER
If you're looking for a game that's perfect for a casual evening with friends, R.E.P.O is the way to go! It's a step up from Little Company, offering more dynamic gameplay and engaging mechanics. The teamwork aspect makes every session exciting, and the mix of strategy and humor keeps things fresh. Whether you're playing for fun or aiming to master the game, R.E.P.O guarantees a great time. Highly recommended for co-op gaming nights!
fire
10/10.
Bueno, Bonito, Barato y es un cague de risa.
10/10
2
ludzi z
We need chinese!
Fun game
change the icon please
kolega i czy oddycham tym samym powietrzem
Chwile mnie w kiblu. 10/10
ve eylenceli oyun
-
3 r.e.p.o
so fun
Playing solo can be a Hassle and a bit lonely, but seriously if you have friends and want something to scream and laugh your guts out, THIS GAME WILL DO IT. Most fun I've had in years.
maak hem voor de mac
got a good tiktok of my friend screaming would reccomend
R.E.P.O
have friend
1
Zajebiste
I don't want to compare it to the *other games* of similiar genre but it's heaps better than them.
Lots of replayability with the randomly generated levels, has so much depth gameplay wise. The upgrading system gives a reason to get as much money as possible, not just for objective purposes. The
risk factor such as breaking things and the enemies of course. You definitely get more of a chance of survival and killing the enemies against than the *other games* not to be named. Not sure what the multiplayer player limit is but I got 4 other friends in a party and it was a blast. 10/10 It's great, get it. Hope it gets updates for more content.
so fun
this game is so good I kill all my friend using grenade in shop
its great if you have friends
i like the duck
JBL
I Recommend play this game with a soundboard
it makes even funnier, and if u die, blame your friend
and beware there`s Kurt Cobain with his shotgun loaded.
~LOAD UP ON GUN BRING A
1715
not too much to really say besides the fact that it's just a really funny game if you have friends
GREAT GAME
marmok
Naturally dismissed the game when I saw the emoji banner as it just looked like unity asset shovelware but the game is absolutely nothing like that at all. It's been said countless times before but its Lethal Company with physics and a lot more fun. Not usually big into this type of game and only played LC when friends wanted to but this seems like there's more to it and the devs have already planned content updates. Please keep it up devs and please god [b]use something other than that emoji[/b]
10
Got hunted by a fucking frog while my friends were delivering a big ball to a laughing emoji
10/10
[h3]I am a sprinkler uckckckckckckckckckckckckckckck[/h3]
Try this in chat
GOTYYYYYYYY
Crikodildopenisiny
honestly the best game ive played in a while, recommend for those with friends or communities as it is a communication kind of game. still playable solo, but the dynamic is designed for multiple people for coordination, laughter and chaos.
3
amazing experience with your friends make sure they dont spoil anything for you learn on your own because thats authentic
Jedna z lepszych gier by ze znajomymi i z czekam na kolejne mapy, potwory czy przedmioty.
Es ist sehr geil und macht mit freunden
taxman needs to be fired bruh
game is fun for maybe 5 minutes then its boring, repetative and ANNOYING
hands down favorite game of the year already!
fun to play with the homies iss gooda widawee
I really recommend this! This game is really great and im excited to see what else eventually come in the future!
10/10 would recommendings
Lungan Hulu Hulu
uncool and cringe fr
zzzzz
hey guys try this game its fun
10000/10
One of the best Co-op games. I would highly recommend this game
Soundpad)
yes
If you enter the konami code in the store, you actually earn one million dollars. Try it out!
Nobody reads reviews for sure, so i'll say i'm gay
10\10
If it's this much fun with what it has, it'll only get better with more.
Not really into coop horrors, but enjoyed this one a lot. Everything about it is great and looking forward to updates that make the replayability much better. Just a better lethal company in my opinion.
10 10
repo
a re po's but a hawk tuahs
A true masterpiece of co-op Horror!
REPO - it's not just a game, but a dose of excitement and adrenaline!
My friends and I took it for fun, but we got so caught up that we forgot about time.
Watching your friend trip and fall down the stairs or accidentally pushing each other in panic.
Darkness, eerie sounds and unexpected appearance of monsters create the perfect balance of fear and fun.
The variety of enemies and levels makes each mission feel fresh and you never know what to expect.
Cooperation is key! One mistake and it's over! We were screaming in voice chat so loud that our neighbors probably heard us.
What's even better, the creators of the game are constantly improving it, adding more content.
I recommend playing with friends!
yes
Beware the duck.
\
very funny game make sure to use in game chat
One of the best lethal-like games yet. It's a lot of fun with friends and very easy to troll and gaslight them.
Bla bla bla ble ble ble blu blu blu :)
10/10
P.S.
I have a very strange save file that doesn't let me have another save of my games.
Every time i get in a multiplayer game all 5 other players would be stuck on the loading screen (specifically right after the car flips backwards and crashed into the location). but i load in, but none of them would.
On top of that, every time i alt + f4, the game would immediately load and they all get in.
Tried uninstalling, deleting all of the files and restarting, checking the integrity of the files for the game, deleting steam. nothing. Im done.
With the same Steam account i play R.E.P.O. and this problem disappears.
Ts shit is amazing
10
Why haven't my money been returned? I've been waiting for 10 days. Why doesn't it show up on the card
10 10
game is funny af with friends
very fun to play with friends, if only my friends weren't a headache lol
6
Very good
why so fun
a very fun game that is perfect for co-op!
repo
10 de 10
innovants et
En pocas palabras si tienes amigos con quien jugar son horas de
10 10,
exelant game with friends
I don't like the monsters I just like to kill my friends in the shop (Im a great friend)
Funny as hell.
MUAHAHAHA
God
very fun to play with friends and if u type ckckckckckck in chat you become a sprinkler
fun game
in Lethal the timing gets you, in this game you can create ur own timing
h
360
pretty scary pretty funny and pretty fucking scary
Good game, but i don't know how to save levels.
very fun with friends but the cockroach monster is too scary bro
JUEGO ULTRA CHIDO
good
funy
THE NETHER
zizi
Incredible game which bounces back and forth from hilarious to terrifying when playing with friends.
linganguliguliguliwatalingangulingangu
es la rehostia
I farted and almost alerted the Hunter
X
10/10
Game fun
great shenanigans with friends. love how silly it is but also really intense in some moments. not too hard so it's easy to get into as a group, love the losing mechanic to fight for the crown too. well made and well thought out game. worth the money if you're looking for something to play with your friends.
where is robot sex
1 1
10\10
For 10 bucks its pretty fun, just make sure you have friends to play it with. The concepts like lethal company but after that it splits and has cool unique stuff.
I quite frankly do not like this game
made my kids come back
muito bom
yes
naa juego increible
Good game
It's pretty good.
good
its amazing its scary and fun i love it and i know that u will love it too
Muy buen juego, muy divertido.
This game is just the most funniest thing in the world and I love it
Spooky but not that spooky
Would Recommend for pure Shenanigans
Recommended with 3 players but two is fun
The Taxman comes for us all
I highly suggest this game for groups of people, it's extremely fun and my friends and I have made a good time out of using sound boards with the in game voice chat.
Muy buen juego, antes de jugarlo mis estudios iban mal, mi familia iba a peor, y mis mascotas se estaban muriendo, pero ahora que lo tengo nada a cambiado de lo anterior, pero soy mucho feliz, incluso una novia la cual se parece a susi de el asombroso mundo de gumball, recomendado.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
lab dis game xoxo
if you want to laugh with your homeis and make a great memory for yours play this game this game is the best game has ever trended in the gaming fun experience
Gas
Love this game,
its so unintentionally funny hahahha
BUT we need multiplayer server!
So we can play with randoms
Best game on steam this year, hands down!
Henry dropped the fucking vase but he kept blaming me, his dumbahh bitchass henry ass
yeah
FUNNY GAME HEHEHEHA
This game makes so much Fun!
1
4-3 10/10
i like the frying pan
Super gra jeszcze nie ale nie ma online +unrep
i mloove it add cosmetics
TOOOOPPP CHACHO GAME
simple 360 10/10
gud game
lethal company with physics and its own unique spin
big gud
Fun game, especially when modded
7/10
400
love it
Llegue al nivel 9 y no pase al 10 por culpa de un bicho, me quiero matar pero juegaso anashe de ruta mastodonte full bueno, vale totalmente la pena y obviamente si o si jugar con amigos.
This game genuinely brings me a happiness and joy I been able to experience since childhood, I laughed this much in a really long time. This is one of those games where you need friends obviously but the moments this game creates are so hilarious, earlier tonight my friend and I were hiding under a desk from the blind guy and I just said right and my friend got annihilated it was genuinely the funniest thing ever but since he can pick up on your mic and so can other enemies you end up having to hold your laughter which tends to make it even more funny. One of my friends started eating a bag of chips while we were hiding and I got kicked and launched and then kicked again. This game is so fun the developers truly have something amazing on their hands. Please abandon this game
Going in I wasn't sure what to expect as someone who never really cared about Lethal Company (just seemed like flavor of the month kinda thing, plus I've heard Lethal Company itself is bad unless you mod it lol) but so far from my experience with R.E.P.O. surprised me, alot more fun than I thought I'd be. The derpy bot designs make it a bit more charming and I like how random and challenging the game can be just makes thing more interesting while also keep you on your toes. There's also the cool challenge you can do at the end if you and your friends fail the run you and the others basically juke it out in a last man standing match to be crowned the king of losers it was pretty funny like most things in this game. Now would I say this is the best game to come out this year ? no, not really but it's a pretty decent 7/10 game something to play with your friends once in a blue moon that's only $10 but would I recommend it over something like Lethal Company or Phasmophobia ? yes, especially if you're really into those kind of games. Looking forward to see what's instore for the future of R.E.P.O. one of those games that's got potential unlike the other Lethal Company Likes.
it is fun to play with friends
great game
awesomesauce
Peak.
Just buy it! You won't regret anything :)
duck love forever
amazing
skibidi ben eating skibidi henry
I have to play on the lowest quality because my computer isnt fast enough for this game, (AMD Ryzen CPU and 8gb memory). However, this is STILL one of the BEST games i've played in a long while considering I dislike almost every game i play. 10/10, would recommend. I'm even gifting it to someone so they can have fun too.
gg
Everything is so random. Why are there 4 Mentalists in level 1? How do you expect me to pass? If level 1 is like this, how will the others be? Sometimes there are no creatures, sometimes there are a lot, and this has nothing to do with the level!
Ein echt geiles Spiel sehr zu empfehlen aber ich hab die letzten Tage nur Probleme das wegen dem Spiel mein pc Vielleicht kann mir hier jemand helfen.
great game with friends <3
im crying from laughing
orman eleman masa vurdu adam aq deniyoz onun iyi
this game makes me retarded
Game was fun the time that I played it but unfortunately the game gets repetitive but its overall its a great game, maybe I get again when fully comes out.
cool game i like how the robots can say the word n#a
bj
Esta chido poca madre 10/10 IGN
Como el mierda company pero mejor
yes
A game where your tasked by the tax overlords to rob others of all their valuables, or face the consequences.
Absolutely fun and hilarious to play with friends. You get screwed in the most funniest of way.
beautiful game with friends. if u have any
2
Very good game! Really. Fun and exciting.
However there is no inverted mouse option by default :D
Which is ridiculous tbh.
I cannot recommend until this option is added to the game :P
(Will change my opinion if it is added soon)
Garden gnomes terrify me now
Fun. Should make a moving simulator without the monsters. Just a moving company. Would be funny.
Game of the year
Tem bixo do capiro, quer vao comer seu toda, itens explodem, e tem como fude os amigo
At this moment i played only 2h. But i love this game. Just perfect party-game
gbcz
funniest shit ive ever played
Everybody recommends this game. It's a viral hit for a reason. Play it, play it now. It's worth every penny
fun with friends never a dull moment. only down fall cant quick play
i killed my friends more times than we got past level 2 it was peak (will be playing again tmrw)
repo koperasi, amat rekomen buat mabar. main solo juga asik2 aja.
Silly fun with friends
Fun game with the fam
so much fun!
bu yerde 6 kollu awq 12k hepsini si* bide oyunda aygaz
Amazing game. I would say this is one of if not the best extraction game EVERY (lethal close second) 10/10 game
5/5
Good Stuff
good
la neta esta re bueno el game. para jugarlo con amigos esta regood la neta lo recomiendo
-
tolko izza deda
diggas
siiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
ITS FUN BUT NEEDS MORE CONTENT
After sinking 17 hours into "Repo Game," I can confidently say it's far more than just a simple simulator. It's a surprisingly engaging experience that blends strategic decision-making with a satisfying sense of progression.
Buy it. Play with friends. Have fun.
fun
Fishing way too hard for the same moments as Lethal company funny moments unserious art style hurts it as a horror game
The physics engine is good in concept but just annoying in practice refunded
My friends and I LOVE this game! I can't recommend it more, such hilarious moments for such a cheap price!
its soo fun
;yes
quack
lethal company if it was made by straight people
yes
pretty fun!
esta chido
juego qlo weno pa jugar con amigos es god
stupid baby
HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME; If you love being silly with your friends and goofing off, this is the game for you. Silly little robots that have cute designs that look goofy when you talk. Text to speak chat that has multi-complex ways to use it looking up an down while using it makes the tones different. The lobby ,where you can see the silly heads move and goof off while you wait for the buddy that always takes the longest to get online. So many different mobs that all are strange and even spooky. The ever changing maps. For being just put out for early access the host servers run so smooth, very well done gents at semiwork. I haven't laughed this much at a silly game in years. Its bring my old friends back together for the most fun we have had in a long time. I can't wait to see what you have in-store for us semiwork. Please vote game of the year if it is nominated.
Juegazo pa cagarte de risa con los pibes.
si
I love the game play, the story line, the characters, the small details of when friends talk to each other is cool.
I love being able to chat and play with friends.
I know the game is still a W.I.P., I would love to see world lobbies, preferably matched with the same spoken language, as that would be helpful with tasks. Then I would love to have a progressive story mode, where bought upgrades are kept.
The game is great as is. It runs like Among Us, it has better qualities and is way more challenging.
better then garbage lethal company and content warning
yes
if you have friends you'll love this game. Never played it solo.
10/10 el juego esta tremendo
awsome game
meilleur jeu pour balancer des grenades sur ses potes
l;.
fun
silly ahh game
They just got it right. Wacky physics that lead to funny moments without losing fun consistent mechanics to improve on. The best extraction horror game yet imo.
600000$!?! 1000$~! 600$!? Ohhhh My Goddddd~! 7300$ be careful this is 1000$~ 2600$? OMG. Don't you know im a savage
Have already had countless funny memories with my buddies while playing this game. Highly recommend if you've played Lethal Company and enjoyed it.
simply amazing its the funniest the scariest and cutest game ever
funny with friends
Really fun with friends. I love how the robots mouth opens when you talk and eyes look around. Makes them feel so life like! I would like to see more cosmetics like hats and monicles, bowties, regular ties, empty holster, bandolier as rewards, for reaching high levels or money amounts/ speed at which levels are completed. Also upgrades to the flashlight. Using it so narrow makes me dizzy, even if it reduces range. I'd also like to see an overhaul of lighting in general. Something like deep rock galactic. Speaking of which adding throw-able flares would be cool too!
CO-OP
thumbs up
juegazo
yes
the best game of 2025
+-
Can rotate shotgun at myself 10/10
They game is fun especially with multiple friends. You arent completely helpless and can fight back against some of the enemies so dont be afraid to try, especially if you have high strength or a weapon
I love REPO!
Gameplay loop doesnt get old, and I really enjoy goofing off with buddies.
GEED
Best game
The game look so fun but I would wait till full release, I have had no luck booting up the game and can't play with anyone and when I got even close no one would load in until I quit the game fully.
tuff
Chaos ensues. 10 out of 10.
Was horrifying as in so many close calls, we had a straight quota that took us an hour 30 to beat because how risky it was and how many quotas we had to fill too
posi
Very fun with friends
tremenda obra maestra 20/10 y god
R.E.P.O.
R.E.P.O. 6
R.E.P.O. 5
R.E.P.O.
R.E.P.O.
R.E.P.O. 10
fun, scary sometimes + u can bully ur friends
WHAT CLOWN THOUGHT IT WAS A GOOD IDEA NOT TO ADD MOUSE INVERSION? ARE YOU ALLERGIC TO MONEY? OR AND OR YOU JUST STUPID? I'LL ANSWER YOUR DUMB ASSS. STUPID. ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSIONADD MOUSE INVERSIONADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSIONADD MOUSE INVERSIONADD MOUSE INVERSIONADD MOUSE INVERSIONADD MOUSE INVERSIONADD MOUSE INVERSIONADD MOUSE INVERSIONADD MOUSE INVERSIONADD MOUSE INVERSIONADD MOUSE INVERSIONADD MOUSE INVERSIONADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION V ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSIONADD MOUSE INVERSIONADD MOUSE INVERSIONADD MOUSE INVERSIONADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSIONADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSIONADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSION ADD MOUSE INVERSIONADD MOUSE INVERSIONADD MOUSE INVERSIONADD MOUSE INVERSION V
Buy now! Tax increase soon!
The game is easy to run and pretty simple. The enemies in this game aren't too crazy and are fun to kill with objects.
Good juego, solo para jugar con amigos, deberian de abrir servidores.
they should add anime girl monsters that trick you into falling in love with them and then they stab u to death
butt clenching
This game is the best of lethal company and the best of content warning. Cant wait for more updates! =)
-
-
robotssssssssssssssssssssss
are touchable
super fun and hilarious, idk why people hate the emoji mascot its so iconic at this point- HIGHLY reccomend its so fun, proximity chat and proximity TTS is so funnnn
Fun with friends
the head man can go van gogh himself
the headman should go van gogh himself.
very fun with friends.
10/10
The comedic timing and design in this game make it alot of fun to experience with friends
super fun and great game to play with friends, there is no random match or servers to join but if you join the discord server you'll find people to play with
BEST GAME WITH FRIENDS
si
Niceeeeeeee
De aqui saldran o muchos videos graciosos o muchas amistades destruidas.
te cagas de risa, juegazo
AWESOME GAME
juegaso saca muchas risas y es muy entretenido ala hora de hacer cualquier cosas y la mecanica del chat de proximidad es una locura siempre
extremly fun with friends
gooddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
GNOMES!
Ever thought you were safe playing level one on a video game was safe? think again.
Super recomiendo
Super Divertido con amigos
sloppiest slop to ever slop
Pa mi te lo compras, pero no te quiero presionar
gud
yes
no random matchmaking
lol funny horroe game
Got shot in the back of the head by an old man and exploded. Upon reviving, I was telling my friends about how i got shot in the head only to round the corner and get shot in the head again immediately by the same old man.
10/10 best co op experience for awhile; laughing my ass off and SO Clippable.
If Storybots had a child with lethal company. Perfection.
I ducky
IS SUCH A FUN GAME TO PLAY WITH FRIENDS
awesome game i love playing this
The best game to play with friends
w game
csaer'y
saw the gnomes and went "will they hurt me?", got hit by the gnomes, then started running to the other door only to be met with a shotgun guy, died instantly. goated
Tahle hra je ta v multiplayeru
Como romper tu amistad con un juego
0/10 bowtie blew me through the wall and ruined the run
COmpre este uego, no una, sino 3 veces pa regalarselo a mis amigos con tal de jugarlo con ellos. y esta super bueno
I love this game, with friends 10/10 too funny.
I played for a total of 63 minutes and this game is awesome
beep boop beep bop
THE GUY THE SKINNY LEGS
spooky fun game
said hawk tuah and got my friend killed by the floating head 10/10
ES MUY GRACIOSO
Funny game
I love this game and i think its so fun to play with friends
Incroyable, sauf quand vos amis soudainement leurs talent de basket avec des objets. 10/10
gg
it depends on other players but it can be really fun
hermoso
I really love that R.E.P.O. is more forgiving than some of the other meet-quota-co-op-horror games. As the group weenie, it's nice that I don't instantly die in this game and I actually feel like I get gameplay in.
Extremamente usem o chat do jogo com T!
my friend bought me this game to play with him and i must say it was worth the money. not mine tho, save a few more dollars and buy raft with the boys.
Funny game to play with friends
wow I real like this game
It's basically the same concept of lethal company, it will be dead as soon as it hits 2 weeks mark or more.
Great to play with friends if you guys wanna shit talk and fight about who buys which upgrade and stealing those upgrades from your friends. Love pissing your pants hiding from a shotgun-wielding blind man, tall tentacle baby or an alien with a big ass head? Great! Also love making absolute bank by tripling your quota just to die on the very next map? Fantastic.
10/10, worth the 1/4 carton of eggs the game costs
Lingangooligooligooli waka lingangoo lingangoo
GOTY 2025
es genial me gusta bastante porque me divierto con mis amigos cuando juego lo recomiendo solo que siento que a veces se repiten los mapas y tal o los enemigos pero despues me la paso muy bien
tehehehehe
MUCHAS RISAS
funny android horror game, where being quiet wins every match
i looove this game its so gof
The duck ate me :( but then i killed him horrifically in a vat of green slop
This game is super fun with friends. It is a looting game with funny mechanics anything from shrinking and having friends lift you up into hard to reach places to all the wild enemies that roam about and the different ways to deal with them. Find all kinds of loot turn it in and good luck making it back to the truck. The game also allows for upgrading your character at the shop between rounds.Also has a funny text to speech feature that allows anything to be said in a funny voice. I don't recommend much but this game is a must have.
100%
MIS AMIGOS SON POBRES Y NO SE LO PUEDEN COMPRAR ASI QUE NADA ES BUENO PERO QUE MIERDA QUE SEAN TODOS POBRES DE MIERDA AYUDENLOS ACA LES DEJO EL DISCORD JU4
NK_26 MattZyX Mexmen NICKSTORMY
didn't enjoy the game, I guess it just wasnt for me. Stamina decreases too fast but I did enjoy the nice little quirks like the text to speech and silly little guys
like
Sick very simple and awesome game. Make the devs President
it reminds me of lethal company but a bit more relaxed? Im not sure how to explain it you actually have a change of progression if you suck at it lol.
nada que decir, nomos qls
Uncensored text chat need i say more
This game is the best game and most fun game with friends but without them it be fun it would be scary but I wish they would put servers where people can like join and have a kick button in case if they are mean or something and i really hope they put console players to im looking forward for the new updates!
repo
:>
laik
Lotta fun to play, the randomness of everything and how ridiculous it actually is makes it a top tier game for me!
meow
ABSOLUTELY recommend. I think its most fun with just 2 people, but more is best as always for these kinds of multi-players. I think the graphics are stellar, despite being made to look "grainy" or "dirty", it still runs smooth and the settings are a breeze to navigate :D For me personally, it has what lethal company lacks if we look past map diversity.
Juegazo
Its funny
Its got unique ways to play
Mod support (lacks workshop tho)
ta bien
is gud
:)
SIMPLEMENTE LA PASARAS GENIAL EN DE AMIGOS
The game is good, but I will withhold my positive review until more items get added to the game.
cool game
"baaaaaaaaas"
game good
I played this game for 30 minutes I did not like it and I forgot to refund it. Can I refund it
It's a fun game but playing on the base cameras settings made me almost pass out because of how motion sick it made me.
so no head
FUN GAME!
PLAY GAME!
with friends?
great with friends alone not really haha
cried laughing watching my friend get murdered 10/10
The visuals on this game is amazing. I think what's great about it is that there's an objective and yea you want to advance when you play it but at the same time the comedic relief you get from the characters makes it where you don't feel stressed if you don't get further along. The design of the characters are great! The monsters are also amazing, still haven't figured out how to kill them yet but I'm having a blast learning!
fun
great fun with a group of friends scary by yourself
Brutal :D
hardest ive laughed with the boys in years
So much fun! You can be serious and loot everything and try to beat every lvl, or just goof around with friends. It never gets boring. I look forward to new content as its released!
i watched my friend get attacked by an army of gnomes 10/10 would recommend
Janking the blind man
repo my nuts
it's fun.
very fun and silly. fun with friends
increible juego, noams que el viejo cabezon no se le ve la tanga
it sthe funiest thing ived played
fun game, lots of yelling, play it with friends!
fuck that nga invisiman
luv the game :3c
bien
this game is a worthy investment if u like loud noises
i love the game its super nice and fun, but the issue i have the most is that if you kill all monsters past lvl 10 and complete the last extraction it seems that all the monsters tend to spawn at the truck location and makes it near impossible to get past them since they gravitate in that area and if you do kill some they just respawn again at the truck location not allowing you to get any closer until you die because of it.
I almost witnessed my friends get sliced up by four frogs and then my friend proceeded to die to a shadow man in the same room. This game is peak.
i love it, super good game
imba
Por lo menoos aca no tengo traumas como el lethal company
If you have a Focusrite audio interface of any kind, do NOT get this game. You will need to restart your pc every time you play it. Why you may ask? It will cut all of your audio out and you will not be allowed to talk in game to anyone or hear anything which kind of defeats the purpose of playing the game. Please fix this. As of right now, I give this a thumbs down.
Peak.
Especially when I got raped by a tall hooded man while i was tryna take a shit.
I love the game so much but I have weird bugs a lot, Like it takes a few thousand clicks in order to say Yes to do anything in the game. And when I play with friends it doesn't let me go past the shop in the first level it loads the game for hours and doesn't work! Idk how steam works enough to do a real report so lmk how to report bugs but basically I just want to be able to work the game with my friends, mine is the only one out of all my friends that lets us load in and play, I have the best wifi but it just never works past level one and it takes thousands of clicks! Any help would mean a lot!
a
Cara, que grata surpresa esse jogo KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
yes its good i just hope more and better enemies are made
fun with friends
buenisimo
:3
FAN-FUC*NG-TASTIC
lethal was better tbh
R.E.P.O
[url=store.steampowered.com]
i only play league of legends and this made me want to touch grass. very good yes
so cool and very cool and so cool game. its so cool and very coll and so cool and cool, it also pretty neat and cool and cool. cool
Started Game
Saw Cute Duck
Pet It
Dead
Disfruto de la chamba
fookin funny
Jogo fudido
WARNING: SCARIEST GAME IN YEARS | Five Nights at Freddy's - Part 1
Divertido para pasar una noche con amigos!
funny scary proximety chat just fun
very silly and very low procesing power need so 10 out of 10 very sigma
I can flush myself down a toilet or get murdered by a cute duck. I can have fights with toy hammers or get shot by a blind man who has a shotgun. I can hide under a bed while getting shot by an angler fish with lasers. But, I can crush that same duck. But, I can stab that blind man with a sword. But, I can kill that angler fish with a gramophone. That is why this game is amazing.
absolutely peak
BUENISIMO
yeah
Really great game but the emoji is cringe so I change the banner to the robots.
este juego me hizo crecer mi pelo, revivio a mi padre y me crecio 5 cm 10/10
Not really my cup of tea. Mechanically it's mostly playing hide and seek + scavenger hunt. Better with friends, but too many games these days create bland, repetitive environments and try to apply the Lethal Company formula and rely heavily on the camaraderie you bring to facilitate an interesting game.
this game is so fun that it makes me want to cry myself to sleep every night!
game is laggy and crashes alot PLEASE FIX THIS PLEASE FIX THIS otherwise i really great game
yayayyayayayayayayayayayaya fun
this has to be the best "fad" game ive played. it takes all the fun from lethal and content warning and streamlines it. cant wait for server support. good job to the devs :D
10/10 you always are the last alive if you play with someone with a mechanical keyboard, and stay far far away from them
What a good game! i played this game with my cousin and was very VERY fun, i can recommend this game if you have friends
pp
perfect
good game with friends!
juegaso 5v1
si, eso. ahi va
got my ass beaten by a diaper baby. my friends point at me and say go diaper baby go
fun
Bestes Game
amazing
cara, esse jogo perfeito pra quem tem muitos amgs e todos sao zoeiros kkkkkj
yes
its ok
Genuinely not fun, clip farming simulator
is lots of fun
its funny af
GOOD
after the novelty wears off its pretty boring
quem n comprou ainda ta troll, stroooo
big scary run away
friend yell in terror
me am like
another lethal company like game.
basically content warning if it was good.
there are some severe issues with the game revolving around the extremely primitive ai.
(the blind guy can 180 noscope you in less than half a second over making a small noise, i'm serious.)
other than issues like this, the game is pretty good.
carajo es gaming
_-_;_-_'"?><
FUN to play with friends and has very funny moments
Blind Grampa do be aim bottin tho. 10/10
its good
Muy divertido para jugar con amigos, lo recomiendo
el mejor juego de terror y comedia jamas creador en mi vida
lo malo es que es de paga aun asi es muy buenisimo el juego
lo recomiendo bastante si juegan con amigos o gente
jolly golly
very good
cool game lowkey overhyped tho
SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO good
game very fun. i like multiplayer aspect. new maps and new items and new monster will be good update to game.
hard carry my friends every s i n g l e time
Oyun arkadaslarla oynaninca cok sariyor arkadaslar ile en iy oynancak oyun
Extremely fun with friends a truly paranoid schizophrenic game of laughter!
uhhhh
Steal and screw over your friends while running from a needy duck, a blind WW2 vet and your nana's garden decorations!
GOATed game 10/10 on the goop scale
If you ever wanted a game to feel like assembling a lego set while in a active washing machine while also blind with the only directions being from your friends who's competence is questionable at best.
This is your game
Muy bueno
Tavuk yemekten daha iyi nerden baksan 20-30
thats a good $10 game
so spooooooky
Jogo muito bom, dei muita risada jogando com os amigos.
Quem estiver pensando em comprar, perca tempo jogo vale muito apena.
funny mouths
It is a lot of fun when you have friends to play along with, and that comes from someone who is scared of their own shadow
This ate not gonna lie
pica
i like it, very fun with friends
"Que dice Bob el Constructor cuando pierde su camion. Oe Donde esta mi camion" Ultima frase que escucho mi amigo antes de recibir un escopetaso en la cara. 10/10
Android mascot looking ahh
Definitely recommend with a full lobby for a fun time and lots of laughs great game
this games pretty cool but what the hell is up with the emojis they feel so forced
Honestly One the funniest games I have played in a while i recommend getting this.
i really enjoy spectating the entire game and then coming back and then dying again immediately its really good game design
the head is stupid for being able to perma stun
good game
Lethal company but on steroids, and with better mechanics.
FABULOUS
The game is so fun I can't wait until the release on the console so I can play with my console friends.
muy bueno
hell yea
10/10
This game is really fun when you have friends and I highly recommend it
Waiting for open matchmaking
I think this improves on the concept of Lethal Company in a way that is charming and fun for the family.
w
Great game to play with friends. Simple and hilarious
dagum, looks weird but fun af, super creepy creatures for sure!
Taxman has torn my riches away from me more times than I can count. Great game.
I have not played multiplayer yet, but even in single player this game is awesome
Rotate for the love of GOD!
1000/10 quality game with friends. shenanigans ensued, chaos reigned. Game of the Year already. nothing can top this
BEST GAME EVER, GAME OF THE YEAR!
repo
goon to apex pred
yes
no
funny ah game
gome bod
funny robot go brrrrr
Not a scary game but can be extremely funny when playing with a friend or 2. Love the jumpscares the game has to give some excitement and such to the game. Those dang gnomes lol be careful, they come in little gangs of 5-7 and feel never ending. But they make things super funny when trying to hide or leave in the ship
best "lethal company" style game on the market
Fun and good with friends
fun little game
good game
good
10/10 vary funny
you can be racist
its the best
irs simulator
Horas de cometiendo atentados en contra de la humanidad a por medio de robots android
only if you have friends
their is a duck and it is cute but as soon as u try to grab it,it turns into a beast and them proceeds to molest you for ten second
HAD 3 Babies in level 1 and they destroyed everything plz fix
love
really fun game, you will ahve a great time with friends
IT IS SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO FUN
Amazing freaking game! I love playing it with friends!
Extremely fun to play with friends. Died by the nun the first match I ever play because I panicked and couldn't remember how to crouch. 10/10
Entro, se me rompen los objetos, mis amigos gritan y me mata el escopetero, me reviven, 10/10
I have seen things.
Fun game.
This game is nuts in all the best ways. So many laughs and ridiculous physical humor. 5/5 for an early access game! Can't wait to see where this goes.
1
My friend found a large square hole and we all jumped in losing all of our progress without a single second thought. 10/10
this game is good. nuff said.
hagan servers, eso de invitar solo por amigos te limita a nueva pipol
CLIQUE. NO. PATO.
pan goes *bong*
Funny and scary and friends.
wirk
o jogo e simplesmente mt jogando com os amigos
e o e ate q
All the fun of being forced to help a friend move combined with D-tier streamer-bait horror!
AAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
muito poggers com os amigos
funniest shit since content warning
fun
gaem
N.U.T.
Ele muito divertido e super recomendo.
If i get cool awards my friend is gona spare me some beer yeeeeeeiii!
BTW its a very very nie game, i have awesomehours yellin with my friends!
Robot Crayon people grab objec for dolla dolla and avoid the moensterz
My first repo experience: I went solo to a manor, ran inside, found a fridge then hid inside the fridge, I broke the fridge door, then the blind man shot me. 1,000/10
Simplesmente o jogo mais divertido de 2025
250-300
GUD
vale o valor otimo
endless laughs and memeable
not being sure if your partner died or just hiding, and they are lefting you behind. so much drama.
Cine
Bom
it's that "yo bro we all gotta get this" game that you end up with 90 minutes on
O jogo MUITO bom, a unica coisa que deixa chato a quantidade de gnomos que atrapalha demais, importa quantos quebre sempre vem mais 3 logo em seguida. Tentem deixar o jogo um pouco mais simples, dificil demais depois da segunda fase
Fun
change this dumb ahh logo please
Love me a good indie horror game I can be simultaneously silly and scared with friends. It's fun, scares my friends more than myself, sometimes a bit irritating (but that's on me, and dying several times in one round from behind). Lot of fun, especially the larger the group.
fetty wap
grab big vase. drag big vase. break big vase. be sad. :(
Being a spooktuber didn't hold up very well
Good
Its fun with many people and the physics are great.
It is fun and interactive and changing at all times, one has to be constantly watching everything. Also I have a blast with friends.
like lethal company and content warning, but if you were a storybot!
si no te ries con esto mas 1 o 2 amigos no tienes sentido del humor
goofy fun entertaining all around a solid game
+
+
Gamer of The Year I might say
It fun
boogaloo
This is a really fun and unique game. The physics are awesome and give the game a really high skill ceiling.
Very fun
que jogo makes me feel racism about myself - rapa, 2025
Amazing
funny robot game
fire
Fun
I'm just a hater
fuck the scarecrow lady
I ABSOLUTELY love this game! its so much fun, especially with a group of friends. very hilarious and chaotic, but definitely one of the best multiplayer games to come out this year!
funy
please rebrand away from the emoji
Parecido com Lethal Company, muito top
R.E.P.O. The Funniest Horror Game Regret Playing
Mission was simple. Sneak in, grab the haunted furniture, and get out. Should have been easy. But then Kyle tripped over a chair, I dropped a grandfather clock down the stairs, and suddenly we were being hunted by something that did not appreciate home theft.
We screamed. We ran. Kyle did not make it.
Ten out of ten. Would absolutely rob a haunted house again.
360 10/10
bom dmss
this game is so fun i love it because it has funny moments and its scary and co.op
es buenisimo
great
all the bits
it good
game
im gonna say it, this game might be funnier than lethal company, also pls add a thing where you can join other peoples games, like someone could host a game, and there would be a quick join button where it would go to a random mserver
cool
the players look funny goated game
Invisible Man dropped me down a hole at Level 9
10/10
it is vary fun
funniest game ive played in a while
rape o
one of the best multiplayer games of the year
The game isn't fun. What is fun is playing with your friends, which you can do on any other multiplayer game.
si jugable
Such a fun game to play with friends. Little to no major glitches and my friends setups vary drastically.
It's one of those games that is just as fun to watch as it is to play.
I recommend!
scary and funny def type shi
= =
✅Bom
Witcher 3
frame foi pintado por Da Vinci
= Requisitos =
coisa que conduza energia
calculadora com 1 pilha
✅Um celular
pc de entrada
com CPU e GPU muito boas
da NASA
= =
✅Nenhuma
uma historinha
digna de prestar
boa
pelo Tolkien (prepare o
= Jogabilidade =
✅Precisa de dois dedos pra jogar
(4 dedos pra ser
bacana
excelente
= Complexidade =
da velha mais complexo
de entender
de aprender, de dominar
daqueles jogos que as pessoas ficam estudando
de, no 2 doutorados
= Dificuldade =
cachorro consegue
Dark Souls
Souls
o ser humano capaz de zerar
= Tempo de jogo =
jogar enquanto ouve 1
seu neto termina
= =
melhor jogar no mudo
✅Muito bom
escritas por Hans Zimmer
escreveu junto com Beethoven
= Bugs =
vi nenhum
✅Pequenos bugs
ficar irritante
estragar a gameplay
= Publico =
casuais
profissionais
✅Tudo e todos
= Compensa Comprar? =
FREE
justo
se tiver dinheiro sobrando
uma
demais recomendo
queimar seu dinheiro
= Nota final =
✅ 9.0/10
UuUUuUuUuUUuUuUuUUuUuUuUUuUuUuUUuUuUuUUuUuUuUUuUuUuUUuUu er
YES GOOD GAME
skibtastic
Ta
Nice game
Divertiddo.
Como persona que tiene mucho sexo a toda hora, puedo decir que este juego es 100% parecido a tener sexo con una mujer, como yo siempre hago. Obviamente este juego no me puso caliente. no soy gay, yo tengo mucho sexo con mujeres reales como para gastar de 15 minutos. Por otro lado me recomendar este juego a la gente que no tiene sexo (no como yo porque yo tengo mucho sexo con mujeres, mucho) como si hubiese una mujer desnuda y desnuda. Este juego se ve como una de mis varias novias con la que tuve mucho sexo. He tenido mucho sexo. soy muy guapo y las mujeres SIEMPRE quieren tener sexo conmigo porque soy muy musculoso y guapo y muy bueno en los videojuegos. Todas mis novias dicen que soy muy bueno en el sexo y jugando videojuegos y siendo guapo. Una de mis enamoradas me tener sexo con ella pero le dije que estaba jugando un juego de sexo y a llorar y se hizo lesbiana y se porque no tuve sexo con ella. Tengo sexo con mujeres, no con hombres, no soy gay. Soy muy cool y guapo que las chicas siempre quieren tener sexo conmigo porque soy muy cool y sexy. Mi pene es muy grande. A todas mis novias les gusta mi pene porque es muy grande y soy muy bueno en el sexo y lo soy, tengo mucho sexo. soy guapo y sexy y tengo sexo.
Fun with friends 10/10
someone gifted me this, i think.
it's the shit.
great physics based extraction game, spooky.
Buy the game. Have fun with your friends. Make money. Laugh your a$ off. Do it.
PEE PO
I feel like King Von playing this game ( im armed and dangerous )
isso com os amigos uma putharia danada
1/10
my cock felt like it was being milked! Very pleased experience would recommend to first timers!
For some reason I can't join my friends invites threw steam or with the link please fix this if you can
JUEGAZO
zay alful
is gud
this is actually peak
its amazing, funny, and scary at sometimes. Amazing to play if you have friends
Got killed by a cute duck 5 minutes in. 10/10 Highly recommend.
peak
I HATE THAT BLIND OLD MAN ISTG
goty
i can say fun words in text to speech
Ta weno, comprenlo
hermoso
Whoever made this Text to Speech in-game deserves a raise!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Good
sledgehammers are cool
thanks for the gift lunar
Hehe robit hehe spooky
amazing game to play with friends
Please make the eye less annoying to deal with and make hit registering easier with weapons
Siema fajna gierka ale kolega combo x3 kubek i
SIEMA FAJNA GRA FAJNIE SIE RZYGA ALE JEBAC DZIADKA ZE STRZELBA ORAZ MALPE ORAZ LATAJACA CZASZKE USUNCIE TO POZDRAWIAM.
bom
Magico
I enjoy bullying the homies with the cart.
Not scary but is fun to play with friends
ESTA BUENO CHE
es bueno con amigos si por tu ayuda se caen al Vacio o un barranco o monstruos es necesario sino no funciona
as a resident of Dallas i can confirm this is lore accurate
yeh
very fun
iyi,komik
An absolute blast with a good group of friends
muy buen jueguito muy divertido
Jeu fun et effrayant. Les sont bien il y'a un tas de "secrets" et astuces. Le jeu permet facilement de les et de les comprendre. Mention aux toilettes xD
Les monstres font peur, surtout lors des trajets retours et qu'il faut se faufiler parmi eux. Et en temps il existe un moyen de les qui est facilement des design (un mob avec les yeux et une canne vous aux sons.logique \o/).
de jouer avec la prochaine mise jour et le nouveau contenu.
cxbdfghasdfghsdYAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYY
bom pra caralho
jeu super fun entre amis
bien
Muito foda, Sozinho um jogo de terror, com os amigos pra morrer rindo
gogogo
el repo
bro just buy and trust me
Not sure if it is some sort of scripting error or if it is by design but every round I have played, the enemies of the map show up RIGHT after you sell. Any time you extract on any map, boom there are the bad guys. Did you rez your friends and now they have 1 HP? Welp, here comes the 1 shot floaty alien to delete you after you waited for 10 minutes to be spawned. Pretty flawed, I would think after you sell should be the one moment you aren't persistently hunted. Entertaining game, but needs some work.
awesome
Not a single player game, why have the option?
:D
This game is so funny, and so awesome! The mechcancs of this game is so amazing. I love the text to speech function, and its so fun with freinds.
ME EXITAN LOS NOMOS
good
w
Actual funny and with objectics and a rogue-like gameplay. A better, way better lethal company.
BEST QUAK EVER
hm
Nunca fui atraido por jogos lethal company like mas esse aqui me chamou a e curti demais
Another "Lethal Company clone", but it is indeed the good type. The game is pretty fun to play with friends and all, tho it feels a bit too annoying to deal with some of the monsters
Popokopf
es un juego bastante god para mi seccion de videojuegos
muito bom
pog
sooooooooooooo goooooooooood aaaaaaaaaaaaaaalllllalalalal very gud! but have friends before u buy
Absolutely love this game! Took my focus away from monster hunter for the time being. lol
wonderful experience, but i heard rumors that this is a horror game apparently
goty
En extremt uppslukande med super relaterade Det skulle vara att prata om spelets narrativa djup utan spoilers. i med industrititaner som Titan Fall 2. Den verkligen Elden Ring skam, och bosskamperna var Med tight snappy och boss move set. Det spelet har soundtracket som fick Lebron att Musiken verkligen och jag hade inte mig mittspelet Dragon Ball Z-musikvideon med My Sacrifice av Creed. Fick mig att Det spelet rik och topp. Nathan Fillion har verkligen ingenting om de killarna. Han kunde inte bra som VAs i det spelet. Spelet har en enorm Det spelet extremt Min fru gick och stal barnen och det var det spelet. -4 av 2,7. Jag en hamburgare.
Porno gay
good
very funny. love the feel and look of the game. i love collecting things.
i giggled
its pretty good
possibly the next lethal company fad, probably won't last forever. but it's goofy and fun.
sex
not wtaching the 2nd one
and i dont wnat u to spoil anything
so when i join back
dont talk about dune
its just super fun to play with friends, playing with people for there first time is the funnest thing.
An extremely immersive story with super relatable characters. It would be super hard to talk about the narrative depths of the game without spoilers. The movement is on par with industry titans like Titan Fall 2. The open world really puts Elden Ring to shame, and the boss fights were even better. With tight snappy sword play and excellent boss move sets. This game has the soundtrack that made Lebron cry. The music really enforces the mood and I wasn't expecting the mid game Dragon Ball Z music video set to My Sacrifice by Creed. Made me cry. This game is also superb at rich character development, and the voice acting is top notch. Nathan Fillion really doesn't have anything on these guys. He couldn't voice act half as well as the VAs in this game. The game also has immense replay-ability. This game is also extremely hard. My wife left and stole the kids and that was easier than this game. -4 out of 2.7. I eat a burger.
awesome sauce game if you have friends, dont buy it if your a loser!
funny and toopid
so fun mind blowing
Really fun with friends
freaking funny, scary at times but not that scary, goofy, and fun.
yes
fun times w/ friends
8
Its just awesome. To spend time laughting and goofing around is defenetly the price worth xD
lethal company 2
playing alone is scary but fun and playing with friends is the most fun ive had since content warning
funny
One of the best games ive played in a long time and well worth the 10$ i laugh everytime i get on XD
I received this game as a gift and I'm so grateful I did, it's so fun. It's all the best parts of Phasmophobia and Lethal company with the creativity and slapstick humor of Looney Tunes and The Muppet Show. It's derranged, and I've had even more fun with this than I ever had with Phas or Lethal Co. I like this, more of this please. More maps, more treasure, more monsters, and I'll keep coming back.
20/10 y god
Please keep updating this game, on god you guys are outstanding.
epic:)
The most funniest game i ever play
goofy as hell, fun as hell for no reason, easily wasting time on that thang
Let us pick up chairs to smash against the enemies plz.
meti a mi amigo dentro del
REPO me en una mejor de mi, no tengo amigos pero el momento que los tuve y con ellos son irremplazables, este jueguito me sonrisas que ella no pudo darme, cuiden a REPO que bien god.
Only really fun with more that 4 players or 3 really funny mfs.
very very fun
Mit den jungs zu viel lachkick
Ne ne komik gereksiz, ZORT daha iyi.
14 ergenlerin sapan bir oyun kendisi ne komik amk ne amk ne millet gidin zort
olhe para o Felca, se olhar ele te mata.
Its a really fun game
i love getting clapped by monsters and then having all of my hardwork destroyed while bossman is more worried about the quote being under so all of my teammates need to self destruct and we kill each other after.
realistic gameplay. 10/10
its funny af
amazing
it is good game.
si
it's like content warning + lethal company had a baby
and create this masterpiece
total recommend it
very fun
otimo jogo para quem gosta de rir! absolutamente perfeito. se tivesse uma versao mobile deste game eu com certeza jogaria :]
Super divertido y muy "digerible", no abruma. Es muy bueno para pasar el rato con tus amigos mientras te la pasas riendo. 10/10
This game is awesome to play with friends you can mess with monsters and have fun with friends. Definitely a recommended game for anyone of age above 10.
It's such a creepy and fun game! If you have a full party it's more social and silly but gets serious if you're down to the last person or two. If you start with less, it's downright scary and nerve-wracking to lose a player and you have to scramble for loot to get them up. It's created so many funny moments and I seriously recommend this game.
Junte uns amigos e divirta-se!
Mesmo na beta o jogo muito bem feitinho e legal, acho que o dele ta bem acessivel e de acordo com o quanto vale, o oficial e alguns updates sido um otimo investimento ter comprado ele cedo assim, o jogo tem muito potencial pra ser explorado ainda.
bro, 5.79 por este juegazo, valen TOTALMENTE LA PENA, lethal company con fisicas
SO FUNNY
ver fun
its a great game to play with friends
PERFEITO.
I want to kill my self after this, WHY THE HELL DOES ONE PERSON TRIGGER THE MONSTERS SO EVERYONE DIES
Game is really fun, but having 3+ players gives the best game play imo
muito maneiro maneirinho maneirao
i love stealing everyones upgrades after i do nothing for the team
Honestly it was funny at first.
But after dying for the 100th to complete and utter bullshit it gets real old real fast.
Crouching dead silent, not moving, waiting for the hunter to pass, only to get shot in the face when my partner talks from the other side of the room.
Same game partner moonwalks crouched inches away from the hunter nothing happens. Fucking priceless.
Wait behind a fully stacked shelf to ambush an enemy, somehow get spotted and killed by the enemy THROUGH the fucking shelf.
Miss a jump, fall down a couple of inches and die due to physics damage. Priceless.
Clown interacts with another enemy and lazers me from 2 rooms away lose my whole run, fucking amazing.
Clown comes into room un-aggroed when i'm dead silent. Stops still for 30 seconds faced away from me, then magically bee lines direct to me on the other side of the room and proceeds to instagib me. Fucking cool, makes sense.
Apex pred actives for no reason when i am standing still looking at my map and nearly wastes the whole run.
Rugrat takes 0 damage from a sword no matter how hard it's swung. Truly incredible.
Fuck this game. Seriously.
got double teamed by getting kicked by a clown and shot by a blind man 10/10
quase infartei com o jorgin da 12. n compensa
gm s gd icl lm
A mix of the popular games from a few years ago but you play as a bean bot to repay a debt to your creatures to pay off your freedom.
Took it's own twist on a decent game style. Doesn't feel like a copy&paste mess. I would recommend it for a few hours of really decent fun!
single player is literally unplayable, if i get caught, then my death is beyond assured and with no way to revive. yeah
still have yet to play multiplayer as joining lobbies of people outside my friend list is annoyingly hard to do
JOGO BOM DEMAIS
PASSO MAU DE RIR
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
R.E.P.O More like, AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA BIG BUFF BABY IS TAKING OUR DIAMONDS WHILE MEGAMIND ALIEN LEVITATES ME AND THE HEAD MAN IS SUCKING MY SHINY METAL A*
PRETTY FUN GAME
Perfeito para fazer um teste de amizade e de com esse jogo. Cada um teste diferente. Adorei
me gusto
better then lethal
Bla, Bla, Bla, Ble, Ble, Ble, Blu, Blu, Blu!
so much fun
HELLOOOOO
This game gave my gam gam type 2 diabetes, 10/10 would jerk again
It's just a more tedious, FAR less interesting or fun clone of Lethal Company. I'm not gonna repeat what has already been said a thousand times, so I'll say this: just stick to watching the YouTube and Twitch personalities play the game. That was ASTRONOMICALLY more entertaining than any part of this game. The only semblance of fun I had in this game was trolling (bearing in mind that I try to avoid trolling in 99% of games), but that was only for a couple minutes, then it went back to being boring.
este juego es muy bueno :V
(me mataron por que mi perro ladro)
video juego repo
this game is so fucking good
10/10 would get shot by a blind man again.
You can shoot yourself
Very fun and laugh a LOT. Lots of funny moments and much better than other similar games (lethal company)
Ok for one this game is DUMMY stupid like when you walk around and see your buddy fly across your screen.(happened to me btw) It also has many scary unique monsters aswell! So in simple words it has the horror of lethal company and the comedy of content warning. (both of these games are also good to play) Finally this game doesn't have matchmaking.YET just note this game has many updates to come! Adios this game is awsome.
awesome sauce
play it
it cool, very punishing on high ping
they never told us when sex update
god
I love this game, playing with friends it's a must. The price is extremely fair and the developers are actively looking for feedback to improve it and to add new content. The game is really fun and the semibots are really cute!
la mejor parte es cuando te encontras al viejo ciego y jubilado de No Respires
become the JBL speaker
This game is funny as heck so much fun to even play with 2 people its nice and unique I've never seen anything like it and the prox chat makes the game absolutely halarious so much fun and no restrictions on the talking through the actual robots 10/10
I'd stick my finger up the floating head's nostril.
Goated
I forced my friend into the toilet and brought up repressed middle school memories. 10/10 would do again.
lethal but pretty funny
Absolutely fantastic game. Definitely significantly better when played with friends but it's very funny played with randoms aswell. It's simple, yet incredibly effective, and fun for HOURS. I would like to see more maps, hostiles, and equipment but seeing as the game has been out for less than a month of writing this review, it's a great start.
fun to see your friends dying Infront of you
not very beans ass mf
Me and the fellas have toooooooo much fun, get you some friends like mine
<3
this game is awesome
type axxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx and get ready to lay some bars
really fun game, a lot like lethal company
10 10
10 10
10 10
10 10
very funny especially playing with friends
10/10 would recommend you can kiss the barrel of the shotgun
nacho si estas leyendo esto por favor matate amigo
Amazing and even more fun with friends. DO NOT judge this game as a horror game, it can be scary but mostly is really fun. GLHF
I wish there was a neutral option TBH but everyone is super hyped about this game and i feel it deserves a non copium review so dislike it is. The game is far more interesting than a lot in this genre has more mechanics and things going on. Feels more varied than other of the same type as well. A lot of the things in this game make for good comedy and the play on the proximity chat is pretty good too. However the game just isn't fun there isn't much that is enjoyable about the game its self. using any weapon feels nearly impossible and kinda like luck. that is definitely over come with time but the weapons are so expensive you will get more practice using them on your teammates than any enemies in the game (you will see what i mean if you play) thus you don't really get a chance to get a feel for defending yourself much. while it expands on the genre in several ways it kinda fails to feel good itself. Though playing with friends is better here than any of the other games in the genre because of all the new things to the genre and changes to expectations because the average player has a great time making the situations funnier and enjoyable for most people as long as people they like are with them. if you are easily impressed and don't notice many issues with videogames often this game is great for you. If you often see the flaws no one talks about in other games you might struggle to enjoy this. So thumbs up for normies and thumbs down for weirdos who evaluate things they experience.
El juego es bueno si te aburres y no sabes que hacer con tus amigos, pero siendo sincero es como un lethal company con menor comodidad y algunas cosas menos pero si quieres ahorrar tu dinero realmente no lo compres acabara muerto en pocos meses como todos los demas juegos de este tipo aclaro que no digo que el juego sea malo, si es divertido solo que simplemente es un lethal company mas solo que mas "amigable" porque este no tiene elementos que puedan asustarte como lethal company
funny
Funni taxes
fun and scary!
its good
/
freakin sweet
SE COMPRAN CHATARRAS, COLCHONES, PEDAZITOS DE ORO, VIEJAS-
very fun
This game is so fun with friends and they are always updating it!
big robot go small. look at sound. touch duck, die. make noise, die. exist, die. fun :)
yayayayayayayayayyayayayayayyayayayyayayayayay
auauauauauauauauauauauauauauauauauauauauauau
*gets shot in the head*
very fun and alot of funny moments with my friends
Saw Floating head walked up to him and he consumed me then percided to hear me friends dying of laughter in the background
Nice
COol
Features multiple female agents (WOKE) bombo
No ingame sex I want sex with blade woman! bomba
this game is so much fun with friends and on single player, over all its just a well rounded game
esta bueno pero si lo jugas con amigos es mejor
toilet
Pretty fire game ngl
100% buy it
much good
amazing game, only real complaint is most monsters one-shot and also really hard to find others to play with. i would add smth like the lethal company server finder
Game is yolo lit XD
principalmente, quando aparece um veio q mata todos no carrinho!}
ASMEI <3
Amazing game, From physics till difficulty adversity. Very funny and enjoyable.
I highly recommend.
It's just fun. Silly, hilarious fun! Random jump scares and shenanigans to be had!
absolute cinema
before I started playing this my life was simple, no trust issues or whatsoever, after playing this with friends I got trust issues, I have been ragdollen and thrown into the void multiple times, I got betrayed and got shot by the blind old man, my life is miserable now.
10/10 game, would recommand
This game is way more fun than LC. You have the quota and the scary monsters but the mechanics are way better.
Playing with randoms is fine, you can find several games if you join the official discord.
Plus: the eyes mechanics is the charm of this game!
VERY GOOD!
very good but when you die you do lose all your progress sadly not to scary but very dark great game!
It's a very good and fun game to play. With friends even more. A bit scary but not to much just enough to make your heart race a bit.
bom
It's a VERY fun game! i love it.
bi oyun komik ve biraz tilt edici bence herkes bu oyunu
oh
Initially thought it would be a lethal company copy how ever after getting it with my friends and playing I was very surprised. The game is so great, has so many original concepts and its honestly the best co-op horror game I have played with my friends so far! I cant wait for them to add more content and develop the game further.
Highly recommend especially if you have a group of friends to play with.
yeah man
vraiment un bon jeu entre potes. joue souvent avec mes amis Tek et Kino. Le principe est comme Lethal Compagny. Amasser des objets qui valent de pour pas sorte ou nous tue. Ce qui est original dans celui-ci, incarne des petits robots ressemblant beaucoup au logo Android et surtout ils des animations faisant penser aux canadiens dans South Park. Un petit la du jeu, il faut beaucoup se renseigner sur les patterns des mobs car nos persos pas beaucoup de stamina. Il a pas beaucoup de maps. Le jeu est fun mais si vous voulez les niveaux, il faut clairement des Le jeu gagnerait beaucoup en ajoutait plus de contenus il y a beaucoup de potentiels autour du lore du jeu.
FUNNY LITTLE ANDROID MAN
very good gam
Probably the most polished and fun/funniest of the 'Lethal Co' type multi-player games to come out so far. Crazy Monsters, set ups for crazy scenarios. It fun. You play.
Juste trop drole
Oh the unique feeling of being so scared you feel the need to laugh. The pure absurdity of it all is unmatched.
amazing fun physics horror game
yes fun
Market purna oluyor her seferinde
Very Sugoi Desu
:)
XD
Einfach der Hammer, Lachflash vorprogrammiert.
really fun with friends
jogo muito divertido, se interagir com o pato ele te da um beijo, recomendo <3
good
Silly antics, funny voices, cute characters, and just a touch of horror. This game is full of moments of laughter, followed shortly desperately holding your breath so you don't attract the monster's ire. I highly recommend playing with friends!
Horror a legjobb.
Extremely good game
chicken jockey
Um jogo caso tenha amigos, e divertido, a ser que tenha aquele amigo que tenta ferrar todos na partida
funny
Super fun with friends, or solo- Love collecting junk while being chased by crazy monsters! Just wish there were more than 3 different maps :(
nice game
I like screaming and running away from the monsters while also running away from my friends
repo
goofy game and a lot of fun with friends
Hay unos en que andan corriendo por para robarte tus cosas y en la cara.
molesto? Son lo peor del juego
Muchas
favorita? La vieja confiable pistola, y en su defecto pegarles con objeto hasta que desaparezcan. (como en la vida real :0)
En resumen, 10/10 y GOTY
I miss Tim. The games good but fuck man.
JOGO DIVERTIDO E TENSO AO MESMO TEMPO ME TIROU MUITAS RISADAS
muy bueno si buscas algo para asustarte y reir con amigos
muito bom,se quer muitas risadas e gritos esse jogo perfeito
With some adjustments, this game could become even better! Very very funny, especially with the right group of friends uwu
Cool game
good game, kind of repetitive, and i mean you can play the game solo but its not a game you're gonna be able to really enjoy solo
W game
good game
fun asf
sign to gamble
Pretty fun but needs some balance changes and new content asap
yes
funny game cannot get past like level 3 still good time tho
LOOK GUYS ITS THE ANDROID LOGO AND ITS BEATING UP A BABY WTF
juegaso hay momentos de terror y de risa 10/10
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEPOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
ODEIO MORRE PARA ALEMAO
uy k miedo
very funny,it's like lethal company but more stupid funnier.If u also love to troll your friends then this ,might be the game for you.
Un genere che mi piace, poi lo stile di gioco ci sta. Un simile di azione Lethal Company. Meccanica diversa. Stesso sopo di arrivare ad un luogo e recuperare oggetti di valore. Per poi dopo raggiungere la quota. Se questo gioco non vi convince al 100%. Pensateci e vedete che cambiate idea. Il gioco richiede molta Se avete poco tempo, e molta voglia di divertirvi a basso prezzo con i vostri amici. Questo gioco fa al caso vostro.
Motlo consigliato!
Fuck Gnomes
F.O.D.A
Great game
LOVE THIS GAME SO MUCH THE BEST TO PLAY TO PLAY WITH FRIENDS
ts(this) did not pmo
Do you feel it in your heart?
Do you, do you feel it?
Do you feel it? like I feel it?
Do you feel it in your soul?
Do you, do you feel it?
Do you feel it? like I feel it?
When you know when it's right
You don't let go
You don't let go
We've been through so many things
Ups and downs and in-betweens
If you mean for more love for me
I give you more, just let me know
It's like a love when you never tell somebody
Same love and put you through hell sometimes
You don't give it up to nobody when you love somebody
When you love somebody
And when it breaks your heart
Do you, do you feel it?
Do you feel it? like I feel it?
I took your haze when you're gone
Do you, do you feel it?
Do you feel it? like I feel it?
When you cry, you cry and try
You try some more
You try some more
We've been through so many things
Ups and downs and in-betweens
If you mean for more love for me
I give you more, just let me know
It's like a love when you never tell somebody
Same love and put you through hell sometimes
You don't give it up to nobody when you love somebody
When you love somebody
There's nothing off this few love
You say your kisses make you sugar
Give it to you, give it to love
When you don't really like it there
Can't go deeper baby
That's for my love again and again and again
Turn away more, not anymore
It's like a love when you never tell somebody
Same love and put you through hell sometimes
You don't give it up to nobody when you love somebody
When you love somebody
Let me know
Let me know
Cause I love you
Let me know
Let me know
Let me know
Let me know
Let Me Know
Song by Tamar Braxton 2014
This resumes my gameplay.
I LOVE ACCIDENTALLY BREAKING A VALUABLE ITEM AND THEN ONE OF MY FRIENDS BASH MY SKULL WITH A BRICK AND THROW ME INTO A PIT AND DIE!
fun game, emoji face is stupid
scary face man look and scream at me :( but funny haha funny
imba
fun!
You need it if you are in possession of friends
Orospu adam var sesine sikeyim onun
guzel
Resenha
great fun
Again
Such a fun game! I can't help but laugh
fun
played 3 hours died 8 times
seen people be shot into the ceiling by a potion
10/10 would recomend
A lot of fun
Great game to play with friends
super rioso
Where do I even start. This game, mwahh, it is amazing.
SO FUN! but pls add quickplay. none of my friends have it so i have to play single player
This format is amazing, the monsters, and everything. This game is a mixture with horror and hilarious, so I would recommend this. supa cuwl with friends.
OH JOGO BOM DA PESTE MENINO MUITO BOM GOD DEMAIS
Muy divertido awebo que
Amazing for playing with friends. You'll laugh, cry, shit yourself, shout to your friends, punch them with a frying pan and then you'll start playing this awesome game.
The singleplayer is a little boring, the first levels are kind of slow and then it starts being a little bit unfair (but nothing too infuriating). I'm currently waiting for new gamemodes for singleplayer like a boss arena where you 1v1 with each boss or something like that.
Overall good game, really cheap considering the amount of time you'll enjoy this game.
um dos melhores jogos para se jogar em dupla ou com mais amigos, recebi de presente nas team, mas eu com certeza compraria, pela experiencia acho que vale apena o recomendo muito se tiver alguem com quem jogar.
show
whys is so scary but not at the same time
good sigma
Lethal company could NEVER
Just a heads up you can't play public lobbies so if you wanted online action you can only do so in private ones.
Besides that it's pretty fun and silly. If you enjoyed Lethal Company then you'll have no problem finding joy in this game.
que good es decirle puta a tus amigos 100x100 recomendado
AMAZING
the second all your friends die it turns into an actual horror game
The mascot is just like me, very relatable.
Nice games
GOTY
Pedro
BRILLIANT GAME
es un buen juego, juegenlo con amigos y ahi esta recomendadisimo
Really fun, mod support, dont need a big PC.
peak game if you got
Very Fun!
Funniest piece of human code, proximity chat is the complete banger for buck and the tts.
VERY funny and just a good time with the friends
32.
El mejor juego jamas creado y divertido de la historia, la mala pa lethal miercompany
Fui runs ai com um mano, ele explodiu o cara cego com o e a dele rolou do meu lado, me caguei, 10/10
fromage
the thumbnail for the game can be misleading but honestly its stupidly fun if you have a group of friends or even just one other
PLAY this game
FUN AS HELL FUCK WITH YOUR MATES IS THE BEST LOL
ive died to unc(huntsmans) to many times
this game is part of the lethal company clone surge but in all honesty this game is better than lethal company and genuinely just feels way more fresh and way more fleshed out. excited as well that the devs are really on top of things. 100% give this a huge try.
better than lethal company
witnessed two of my friends get shot by that blind old bastard after spamming slurs in chat hiding under a table, peak.
taxman is so hot i love his teeth and eyes
I NEED MORE SILLY
silly robot
100hp+grandba shotgun= rage quit
great job with this game. It's really fun. keep up the great work :)
funny af!
This game is probably some of the best co-op PvE multiplayer I've played in quite a while. that steam banner tho. I literally skipped over this game on my steam page multiple times because it's terrible. If not for a friend begging me to watch actual footage of it this would've completely flown under my radar. Basically. please change it.
bom demaize
muy chistoso, mgto
Cool ^
Big scary monster kill me
funny
legal
do NOT let ur laggy friend handle the fragile items
Peak
1001
100/10
amazing game
liganguli
i shot grandpa, dodged gorlock the destroyer and almost clutched up on round 6 but the big brother eye had other plans. best ive ever spent.
absolute cinema
eu comprei o jogo, agora falta os amigos, por favor coloque salas publicas
Beginner's Guide to R.E.P.O.:
Game Objective:
Players take on the role of small robots tasked with retrieving valuable objects from haunted locations. These items must be carefully handled using a physics-based grabbing tool and delivered to extraction points for profit. While performing these tasks, players must avoid deadly creatures patrolling the environment.
Beginner Tips:
Use the Mini Map:
The mini-map is an essential tool that displays explored rooms, active extraction points, and the fastest way back to the extraction vehicle. Loot items and shops appear as points once you or a teammate spot them, so always check before extracting.
Interact with Enemies:
You can grab smaller enemies, such as "Bangers" and "Gnomes," and throw them across the room without needing a strength upgrade. For larger enemies, you'll need a strength upgrade or help from a teammate.
Take Advantage of the Environment:
Many enemies can be avoided by hiding under tables, beds, or chairs. However, some monsters can check these spots if they see you hiding, so be cautious.
Know the Monsters:
Each creature in the game has unique behaviors and attacks. For example, the "Apex Predator" initially disguises itself as a harmless duck that follows the player but transforms into an aggressive creature if caught or attacked.
Work as a Team:
Communication and coordination with your team are key to success. Assigning specific roles, such as explorer, transporter, and defender, can increase efficiency and survival chances.
Manage Resources Wisely:
Use the money earned to purchase upgrades and weapons that enhance your chances of success. For example, the "Tranq Gun" can be effective against tougher monsters.
R.E.P.O. is a really fun game, perfect for spending time with friends. I highly recommend it to everyone! It is an immersive experience that is sure to entertain anyone who tries it. If you are looking for a game that combines competition and laughter, this is the one!
Si.
this is so much fun. i haven't laughed this much in so long, it's some nice filler time.
baguette
Pure chaos.
Funny.
IF YOUR PSYCOPATH THAN PLAY THIS MONKEY GAME, YOU LOSE EVERYTHING WHEN YOU DIE 1 TIME, ITS A GOOD GAME BUT WHEN YOU DIE YOU GET SO MAD THAT YOU WILL PUNCH THE WHOLE PC.
Grandpa gets hostile when you try to give him his Ibuprofen.
ugly ass mascot(?) but surprisingly pretty funny, weaponizing your friends to knock each other down n such, and coop in it is pretty cool
10 10
Fun goofy game to play with friends.
da porra
11/10
el juego muy bueno pero el hiden como te toquen mas de uno en un mapa cerrado te jode la partida entera y mas si combea con los nomos eliminen al hideon o por lomenos nerfeadlo a un toque de vida con una recompensa de 50 dolares
juegardo
funny
awesome
It's an interesting game, but the shortcoming is that it requires friends.
I am a player who has severe 3D motion sickness, hates horror games, and always learns things much slower than others.
But I can still feel the charm of this game under the guidance of friendly senior players.
PS. My perspective is like a cat being taken out for the first time, and my mood is like a vase that can be easily broken by accident.
Suggestion: (I can wait~)
1. Added friendly 3D dizziness reduction (including being moved by other players while walking or crouching)
2. AI teammates with adjustable intelligence QQ
-
PS.
1.
2.
ni
Amazing game with friends
This game has provided hours of fun. The game controls are easy to learn and I think I have laughed as much playing any other game. For the price, this is totally worth it.
es un buen juego para jugarlos con amigos
muito bom pra jogar com os amigos kk pra quem tem amigo kkkk
SO GOOD SO FAR. BUT SINGLE PLAYER IS TO HARD THEY SHOULD make a server system
peak
Probably the best horror game of all time surpassing Lethal Company
legal
Good times
repossess items from scary monsters and sell them to get stronger 10/10
14 88
Divertido con amigos
good
great fun with a group of friends
semiwork my beloved you cooked again
It's great to play it with friends, lots of fun.
My friend want to finish the game later : I sacrified my friend in a fire after he kill me in the shop with a grenade Good game for brake friendship
silly androids break into a haunted house, break all the items and fight in an arena
truly the game ever
Very fun game, difficult at first but once you get the hang of it its great!
this is funny af
the emoji gotta go bro
good
hell yeah man
Esta brutal el juego, para jugarlo solo o con amigos, si alguien quiere jugar que no dude en de amigo que las risas no faltaran
opirhqj;we
Fun af
soooooooooo fun
This duck is pretty cute, I should pet it. DONT PET IT!
Very fun game, i love it
fucking good game with friends
steal from the limbless get rich
BASEBALL BAT
Why do the duck do that
W
This game makes Lethal Company seem like a beta but makes repo seem like an alpha lone wolf.
it's funnnnnnnnnnnnnnn and only good with friends oh yeah
Un gioco adatto per giocarlo con gli amici e per spaventarsi a vicenda!
I'm dead 40% of the time, but it's goated
zevkli ama
funny as hell love the love potion item
Very Good 10/10
Game is fun, hopefully content patches come soon
great with friends never laughed so hard
nice game btw
esta bueno, especialmente cuando te matan o matas
Banger game
YOU KNOW IT
the only thing bad about this game is the emoji
dog shuzz ah huzz guzz buzz light year
Funny
muy bueno pero para jugar solo no es muy bueno
Definitivamente um dos melhores jogos em grupo pra se divertir com os amigos, itens legais, armas e habilidades para progredir, monstros legais e mapas imersivos, muito bom o jogo alem de rodar liso. Vale apena
Very fun and chaotic with friends!
ds
got 50k extra money on level 15 and when i was in the car holding the leave button a duck jumped infront of my cursor and turned into apex predator and killed me ruining my run. Threw my mouse at the wall and broke both my mouse and my wall. 10/10 game would recommend
=pokjiohufdcg
tts is funny
big monster
absolutely amazing game with friends! I got it and within 2 hours of playing with friends i am hooked!
I will leave the cat here, so that everybody who passes by can pet it and give it a thumbs up and awards^
| _ _ l
/ |
/
| | |
| | |
|
pipa
i like it. it's fun.
22:40
super fun but enemy's can camp
Being an android robot trying to please an horrific emoji called the "tax man" by breaking into random places by crashing there van into the side of the building is surprisingly funny and very enjoyable.
3
The game is very fun to play with friends and requires teamwork, but hilarity ensues which collides with the survival horror aspect! 10/10!
AMAZING
its aight
Muy bueno el juego, re entretenido, te cagas de risa :V, por cierto busco gente pa jugarlo, que me escriban a dc 401882771657588747 o aqui por steam
jeu flippant
un joc mirobolant abia astept sa ii dau refund,dar este mirobolant recomand.
very good very nice
Don't bother
ye maaaan
Funny game. big recommend
ungaAADFW eafSDAS LOVWWWEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE YES
yes funny death he he
SO GOOD
funny game
can throw ur friends at enemies lol
thank you developers, very cool.
Testicular torsion
oynayin lan
Good game, funny physics and nice proximity chat. Some kind of quest for each round and steam achievements would be nice. Hope this will be in the full release. But for now, fun to play.
absolute cinema
Absolute cinema
Zajebista gra
bis
lasagna rabies
Muy bien juego, excepto por los amigos de mierda que tengo
as good as lethal company
NA CHASOK MOJNO
letal company but funnier
funny
I Like the robot faces
melhor jogo ja criado vsf kkkkkkkkk
LOVE IT
I have played for 5+ hours def worth it
juegazo
Its goofy and me and my friends love screaming fine beautiful words through our mic
this game is so fun and funny i love playing it with friends
no
add sex update
10 10
buen juego
i love it fun toplay with my butt buddies
Works great on steam deck after mapping controls. Love this game
10 10 2025
this is the lethal company competitor we were all waiting for.
Would recommend, you can pet a duck with friends what more could you ask for
5 manata eylence
It's very fun to play with friends, would really recommend. You shouldn't take the game too seriously because it's too funny to take it serious
0/10
<3<3<3
9/10, amazing with friends.
yes
Extremely fun and hilarious
wow
peak
fun
trop fun
Silly and spooky - which is the best kind of spooky.
Mizah
Oyun iyi de rastgele ile az var ve lethal company den baya esinlenilerek yani ama daha fazla item canavar ve yan olsa daha iyi olurdu
OYUN BAYA ARKADASLARINIZLA AMA BAZEN
Totally worth the ten bucks. Super fun multiplayer.
I really enjoyed the audio, the voices when people talk on the microphone, Maybe it is just my inner skitzo Anyway i DID IT ENJOY IT. My favourite part was the fact that a friend bought me this game, which makes the whole experience more romantic. In a strictly professional way. IT IS MISSING ACHIEVEMENTS. THIS GAME NEEDs them added just for the memes. all in all it helped me cry myself to sleep slightly better. #SHEOWESME60QUID
Una palabra:
JUEGAZO
bien.
Amazon warehouse worker simulator 2025
good game
fun game!
There was a time when my soul wandered aimlessly, devoured by emptiness, consumed by the boredom of a world too dull to accommodate my dreams of grandeur. Each day melted into the previous one, an endless cycle where the light shone only out of habit, without brilliance, without purpose. I was nothing more than a shadow among shadows, a specter condemned to wander without faith or hope.
That's when I discovered it. REPO.
Like a forbidden tome fallen into my hands, it snatched me from oblivion and thrust me into a universe where every moment is a struggle, where death dances on the edge of steel, and where only spilled blood gives meaning to existence. In this chaos of shattered neon lights and smoldering ashes, through dark, abandoned spaces devoid of the few remaining friendly lives, leaving behind only the abyss and evil within the walls of these austere dungeons, I found a purpose. More than a mere game, it was a test, a baptism into the furnace of exaltation.
I felt the fever of greed guide my steps, the fury of a ruined world resonate in my soul like an ancient chant I had always known. Every relic found, every enemy encountered, every moment of survival snatched from the clutches of fate brought me closer to a forgotten truth: I was alive.
REPO didn't just offer me a world to explore, it offered me a crusade to lead. It rekindled the extinguished flame in my heart, broke the chains of apathy, and forged my soul in iron and suffering. Today, I no longer lose myself in nothingness. Today, I am the scourge that walks among the ruins, in a world where its name is whispered by those who tremble in the shadows.
REPO is not just a game, no! It's an epic quest for the Holy Grail and a resurrection of my poor self, extinguished in the worst of all human nightmares: BOREDOM.
Dear Semiworks developers, you have my sincere gratitude for my liberation and the creation of such a fabulous universe. I hope to continue to benefit from your humble talents in the future in this fountain of youth for gaming that is REPO.
Respectfully, A simple lost soul.
peak
Up vote
gud game
imagine you go in to a room, and in the room its a person, the person is you, and you are in a room
10 10
they brutalized jayden
hits different
Horrifying. Hilarious. An amazing experience with a combination of great animations and fun game-play that really makes the game one of a kind.
Amazing game, got diddled by monsters. 10/10!
it is better than lethal company and funnier too i recomend this for those who wanna have cheap and fun expirience
funny robot game murder is fun
Jogo muito bom e com muito potencial, de estar vindo mais ao game, infelizmente a falta de pessoas para jogar me entristece, caso queira jogar chamar no pv, fico online todos os dias.
yes
The game is excellent and I highly recommend it, the only problem for me is that the 2560x1080 resolution is not available.
Esta bonito
yes
muito bom pra jogar com os amigos, altas risadas, e da pra ate perder amizades, cada parte desse jogo muito bom, como se lethal company e content warning se fundissem e criassem essa obra d arte, muito muito muito bom, recomendo demais, esta bem no e estou ansioso pelas 10/10 demais recomendo, comprei pelo cheio, mas se quiser esperar um descontinho dale
Devs, please make a gamemode that does not spawn enemies constantly, where it would be more focused on the cool character mechanics. A chill mode, if you will.
it's good
it and install it :)
hilarious solo and with friends
very fun inded
it's really nice to play the game for 10 minutes and then have the fucking lobby crash out of nowhere
simplemente GOTY, pasado 30 segundos desde que a jugar y ya llevaba 30 segundos riendome
Saw funny videos and content about it making it look super fun.
its terrible
slow, repetitive and boring, perssonal opinion.
Monster interactions are super base level enemy AI and require no thinking, go under bed, u good.
every time you restart at level 1, which means just walk through the boring first levels without seeing any monster and just repeat until you find smth that out of sight one shots you.
Only fun with fun people, game itself has nothing going for it. overhyped
jbl
This game needs some achievments
This game is peak fun.
R.E.P.O:
R.E.P.O
R.E.P.O
great and fun horror game! highly recommend! 9/10 fun playing it with my sister! and her kids!
one of the best horror games i have played of this decade! including Phasmophobia!
10 10,
Have to play as a Canadian. 1/10 would recommend.
360 20
epic gam
ts so funny istg would recommend for 3-4 players or 2
i realy like it but i dont have anyone to play with i wish it was online multiplayer or it is and im just dumb
nicu
)
very fun even tho my laptop sucks it still runs pretty good and makes me invicible sometimes
It's fun, affordable, not intensive huge potential. Honestly, add some new maps or something, listen to the community and the game will go far :D
so much fun.
you get to bully enemies and friends alike in sooo many diffrent types of ways!
the irs wont tax me here
JOKES
it is fun
dobry, nazywam zbigniew kucharski, jestem od roweru i mnie w i mi do ust, oraz na mnie pozdrawiam
funny
Symulator darcia mordy po zobaczeniu ducha
R.E.P.O
Fi fi fiu uh
Touched
absolute blast with friends, a solid 8/10 co-op horror game
great physics, unique monsters
like
you know it is kinda rare to find a game where you can fool around like this
10 10
I like the proximity chat and how the monsters can react to it to!
bardzo fajna gra jest sie jakims robotem i zbiera sie rupiecie w roznych zamczyskach no i koledzy lubia rozjebac czasem diaxa z szkla albo isc w z rybka zmienia i rzyga ci na pysk ludzie z cichego akurat je
funny
im repoing it. repoing it so good. so good.
A hilariously funny game with friends. I have yet to play it solo, but its also a supremely good horror game alone. Recommend to all sorts of people.
Pruebenlo
mejor que el sexo 20/10 y god
55555
overrated
game good
This game has been a lot of fun so far, some good laughs with my friends. It reminds me a lot of Content Warning and Lethal Company, but some how has it's own unique quirkiness to it. If you're looking for a fun/affordable game to play with your friends, this is definitely it!
-10000/10
this game is great and ive only gotten to round 4
buenardo
12/10
10 10
mint
This game kind of feels like analog horror lethal company, but I feel its much better. Also text chat in this game might be the funniest part and will never get old.
very funny game lmaoo
J'ai eux du plaisir avec mon amis Francis, Dany et Ian. Je recommande fortement ce jeux pour jouer en groupe avec des vrai amis. Mais faire attention de ne pas Glouton et Fr3nchFry deux tarlouzes le tutu rempli d'objet non et cela est contagieux.
:)
richtiges scheiss game
amazing game, please change the logo it makes the game so much harder to recommend to friends <3
this game it's very funny, until what you need friends for game multiplayer.
have never been so happy do get diddled by and blind grandpa with a shotgun.
Had a fucking blast
This was the best I had so much fun playing this with my friends
Very fun, almost * my pants playing it, but I love it <3.
love it better then a lethal company
1.)
2.)
3.) JBL
4.)
One of the best games out there its almost better than project playtime
1
fun
R.E.P.O. is like super cool or sum.
Es demasiado divertido jugar con amigos, abundan las situaciones hilarantes.
)
Game fucking sucks.
good
ok
Fun
no se
Gerade mit Freunden macht dieses Spiel unglaublich viel leider verliert es dann doch schnell an an sich wenn man nicht wirklich gute Freunde dabei hat weil man dann doch ziemlich gut heraus hat wie man weiter kommt und gegen die "Gegner" spielen kann etc.
Dennoch ich dieses Spiel immer wieder anderen Freunden empfehlen weil man auch trotzdem eine menge haben kann und es viel zu lachen gibt ^
bu oyun bir bence en birisi ve keyifli bence herkesin ile denemesi gereken 10 numara bir oyun benim fikrime bu oyun ile
100/10
Lethal'in populer sonra fazla oyunu ama bu kadar lethal'i seviyede bir oyun.
Mit denn Kameraden die nervigen kleinen Kinder in den drecks Kessel geworfen.
Sehr zu Empfehlen!
Ist echt super, du gehst um ein Eck und stirbst
Kann ich nur Empfehlen
I think this game has serious potential. The game is very fun and since it is only a beta game, I know there is more features to come like new maps, items, and functions. So far so good with this game! The graphics are okay, but it can most likely run on almost any computer. Mine is trash for example, and it runs perfectly. The game's content is great as well, so I would highly recommend playing if you like a coop game with proximity and a scary/funny twist. Can't wait for more to come.
10/10
Cuidado con el cabezon
2-3
fun
JAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
/
poggers.
yes
Very fun game, even funnier with friends, well of course if you have them. But yes I recommend this game if you like games that are similar to Lethal Company. For a game that is in Early Acces still, they have made this game so fantastic and immersive excperience! 100% would recommend for anyone.
game is extremely fun with MULTIPLE FRIENDS dont expect to have fun with one or no friends to play with
This game is hilarious and tons of fun. I highly recommend this game with friends.
funny
me gusta el queso
wallhack aim. Soundpad
Garret Bobby Ferguson
haha
This game is very fair. If you don't play with at least 4 players it's a miracle you can get to stage 3. Spawnkills are common here
Touhou is more fair
fun
A
10/10
La verdad que el lethal company nunca le la gracia, pero este juego es parecido y si me gusta, no por jasjsaja
yes i had sex in this game.
REGGIN
best game, even better with mods.
The game is a bad version of Lethal Company that constantly punishes you for making mistakes with loot objects, and all the monsters can destroy your loot.
You need at least four people for it to be somewhat fun, and even then, it's mid at best.
If you want to play a good game, play Lethal least there, you can use some strategy instead of just waiting under something for the enemy to de-aggro.
naughty
skibidi sigma i nutted
funny game
friendfarming friendslop
its alright 6/10 wish you could throw crates and stuff at monsters
Soundpad
Actually can't wait for more updates to roll. The game is already perfect as it is, imagine how it will be once it has even more content?
LOL
fun fun fun
Needs better voice chat and servers
gracioso
Is pretty gooooood
Funniest game ever created. 10/10
:)
10/10
juegazo
FIRE
I took time out of my very empty schedule to write this. That's how you know its a great game
Super serio la verdad
super skibidi bomba
top
10 10
its like if content warning and lethal company have a baby and the baby is beautiful (not like them ugly babies we all see but dont want to call it an ugly baby infront of the mom)
the game is under 1GB file size which is brilliant and the game is super super easy on hardware to run.
i challenge anyone reading this to get past night 10 weather solo or in a full 6 squad
very good
sigma
i went further for a second. my 2 friends stoped talking for 10s.
funny color man collecting trash. approved
wow
The game honestly at it's core is fun with friends, but the singl play experience is utterly brutal and just simply not fun. The devs need to change how punishing the game is on single players. Between not being able to access the secret items shop, and needing to grow eyes in the back of your head to keep track of everything past level 3 is incredibly anoying. As well as letting random chance decide your fate in the item shop. It's just impossible to enjoy this game by yourself.
saludos.granjuego.gracias
This game goes Crazy
11 jbl 10
teit! morsomt!
This game is great with a group of you or even 2 people. Some parts of the game scared me haha!
6
VERY FUNNY GAME
N
good
You start the game
You don't understand the controls
You start enjoying the game
Can't stop laughing
I was killed several times by the same friend.
I can only recommend the game
Mixed bag review. I'm 50/50 on it.
The concept is great. Upgrades I feel can be worked on. It's not handled well. I get spend wisely, try to make sure you get as much as you can per round. But finding the right balance between upgrades vs weapons is difficult with a full team. Maybe it's just me. $12k for a Sprint Boost though, seems a bit much. I'd say it's more of a $9k value.
Some of the enemies that walk around are a bit aggressive with killing players. Especially the sword lady. I ran enough of a distance away, out of sight, in a room over 2 hallways away and yet she still found me and killed me while hidden.
The marshmellow wind blowing enemy has a terribly fast cooldown between when blowing. Making it difficult to escape.
Floating head guy, omg. The frustration of you think your good and his head just whips and you get smacked.
The hammer enemy, isn't too bad. And neither is the blind gunner. The duck is funny. The gnomes when they hide in the cart and skeleton bombs are a bit irritating.
The spewer though needs to have a better way to be defeated than losing an item of value if encountered on the first map.
simplesmente o melhor jogo me adicionem pra jogar comigo
8.7/10
Good fun w the right people
es ist lustig und sehr gut mit freunden zu spielen kann man empfehlen
Esta muy bien para jugarlo con amigos, excepto con los mios, que son gilipollas
amazing. one thing though, sometimes i get stuck in the back of a chair
Quit my other job collecting loot for the company and started here as a REPO bot, I'm so excited i hope I don't encounter any monsters around here
el hombre de la gabardina me dio backshots viciosos
This game makes me both wanna work with my friends to get a higher profit, and kill them.
10/10 Would deffo reccomend!
um jogo de terror ideal para jogar com amigos, cheio de suspense e Ele combina sustos inesperados com desafios que deixam cada momento ainda mais intenso. O mais interessante como a entre os jogadores torna a ainda mais divertida.
femboy hra z deseti
I don't make reviews, but I am making an exception, because this game is awesome. I haven't played for that long, but in the couple hours I have played, there have been so many funny moments and interesting mechanics to explore. If you want a game that will give good laughs but still have some scary elements, this game is for you. Would recommend, 100%. Good job, semiwork.
10 10
Need people to play with :( add me 18+ and English
Play the game so I can sing Linga guli guli guli guacha lingan goo in lobby voice chat
hey monster
10 10
vicces.
Such a good Lethal Company like game
this is the best game ive ever played
juegardo
good game
echt geiles game macht echt
lethal company,
Bu oyun sana geldiyse, sebebini biliyorsun.
10 10.
brain rot
2
10|10
i like miss scissor sister
funny
pwwawaaaawawawa c'est ouf. Il FAUT y jouer vraiment. ABSOLUMENT.
crazy fun and scary
good game it kill me alot
feinis
Possivelmente o jogo mais que joguei, extremamente divertido, vale dms o
Nota: Por enquanto REPO possui servers
duro
i hate the fucking baby and the fucking duck but great game tho 100 percent recommend
very fun and scary
This is absolutely such a funny game with friends, and the in-game voice chat and text to talk got our whole group rolling with laughter!
10/10 you should for sure get the game!
The game is highly frustrating to play, all the difficulty stems from either the monsters or the randomly oversensitive physics on objects. The monsters are either ridiculously powerful or non-threatening with little inbetween, hiding underneath furniture hoping that the dangerous ones will eventually leave you alone is pretty underwhelming and kills the already slow pace of the rounds.
Not to mention, the lack of options to distract or deal with monsters forces the player to either hide or risk getting all their loot reduced to rubble because of an AoE (Monsters don't even need a reason to hit the cart aswell). It could be much more thrilling to tug at a monster's leg while hiding to attract it's attention without instantly getting attacked to lead it away from the room.
And seriously, can the Huntsman get a nerf? He's silent as a pindrop when he walks around and just one shots you out of nowhere with *perfect* aim. His aim is so ridiculous that he can correctly zero on a player that threw an object at him or touched him no matter the angle (supposed to be blind btw but can turn around to kill a player after he got hit on the side with an object.)
The physics as mentionned by others will just randomly decide to punish players for the slightest taps even on less fragile items which makes looting a total chore. Many times I've broken an item because I clicked it for a split second to check it's value.
It's no wonder that alot of mods made for REPO are balance changes and additional upgrades because the vanilla experience is a glorified Sisyphus Simulator, gathering loot to watch it get destroyed over and over again.
ICH HASSE DEN ALTEN OPA ER IST SO EIN DUMM AHHNHHHHHHHHHHHHH
very cool game i love it i need more friend's to play it with
romanii care vad si vor sa joace ii rog sa.mi dea add
I'm in love with the mascot
Textformatierung
Diese Markup-Tags es Ihnen, die Texte in Ihren Kommentaren und zu formatieren, wie HTML.
SyntaxBeispiel
[h1] [/h1]
[h2] [/h2]
[h3] [/h3]
[b] Fett [/b]Fett
[u] Unterstrichen [/u]Unterstrichen
[i] Kursiv [/i]Kursiv
[strike] Durchgestrichener Text [/strike]Durchgestrichener Text
[spoiler] Verborgen [/spoiler]
[noparse] [b]Tags[/b] nicht verarbeiten [/noparse][b]Tags[/b] nicht verarbeiten
[hr][/hr]Horizontale Linie rendern
[url=store.steampowered.com] Link [/url]Link
Its really fun and funny but i would like to join random server.
99 100
i have friends to play with now (still needs online coop)
100 10
10 10
10 10
10
best with friends
good
jo
This has to be one of the best co-op games I have played in a good time, GOTY this year?
REPO ist ein Ultra witziges Spiel mit Freunden!
Leider gibt es bisher noch keine eigenen Server, man kann nur bis zu 6 Freunde einladen und loslegen.
Allerdings ist das Game grade auch erst erschienen und hat noch eine Zukunft vor sich.
Das Gameplay aber nicht besser sein, es wurde einfach so viel liebe ins Spiel gesteckt,
das muss man mal probiert haben.
Die Grafik ist Geschmacksache, nicht aber absolut
Holt eure Freunde ran und probiert es einfach mal :D
Epic
yes c:
so fun
THIS GAME IS ONLY FOR ALPHAS THAT AREN'T AFRAID TO BEAT UP MONSTERS! TODAY I WAS LIKE: "HEY PUNK DONT HURT MY FRIEND" AND I KILLED THE STINKY JOE BIDEN IM SO SIGMA OK SO GET IT IF UR ALPHA BETAS STAY OUT MY SIGMA GAME!
Meilleur que lethal company. On peut se et mieux se cacher.
skibidi game
its coming out
Brdzo polecam ojego gnomy gdy ja z dziadkiem co
evrything is amazing about this game
the scare crow turns me on
IVE GOONED TO EVER MONSTER FEELING SO GOOD AND LOVELY THE DUCK IS MY FAV GOON MACHINE GET THIS GAME FOR GOONING AND FUN WTH FRIEND!
:=)
11 10
amazeeeeeeeeee & hilarious
very awesome game, i wish in future updates we get a workshop feature / mod feature so we can add clothes / accessories / Hats / masks or customisation in general to the game, it is very awesome and very funny, but some rounds are just mean (two times that in world 1 my friend and me had the baby, shotgun grandpa, gnomes, 3 ducks and two clowns, not even 5 minutes in the map, but no matter the game is hilarious and awesome
Crazy looter/ psychological survival game!
yes
UN CIEGO CON ESCOPETA ME PERSEGUIA hasta que cayo por las escaleras y
PS fucking patito.
Pocos mapas por ahora pero es divertido con amigos
Absolute chaos from the monsters to the game physics this game it the best horror game on the market for 2025 i would recommend.
I am so bad at this game
10/10
most fun iv'e had in a game for a while
10/10 experience
chido
very funny and good multiplayer game you need to try this is the next game of the year game
verry funny i recomend it
Es buenisimo si tienes amigos
.,-
love it
Slapstick - the game
desejo tudo de ruim pra essa bosta desse velho cego onipresente
This game is very fun
Je to hra. je a nikdy co lidem s partou
this might be the game of all time
/
This one was a fun, games entertain me
"client timeout".
A must buy game
zajebista gra
very fun whit funny
Game does itself dirty with how foul that icon is.
this game is epic
It's absolutely hilarious! All my friends play and it's always a good time!
e
rend emails punt omni
15 heard attack but still my cancer is holding back 10/10
after i showed this game to my friends they want to play it all the time
its repo, surely a keepo
muy bueno y divertido
dfgdhfdsghfgds
fun
top spel
muppet
El juego es muy divertido sobre todo si juegas o contras personas o amigos.
Its really fun to play with friends and goof around
naon finom naon
LIKE
bery good
funny game
i got killed by a duck
best game i've ever played
si
never letting someone else hold a grenade again
Muy divertido con amigos.
Em moka Android peebooppeepeeboop
Best game ever for friends to enjoy
entre pote
el bobrito gangsterito
funny shlt
Good game
very good
Racist Robots say gg (You know what I mean) constantly 6/10
I am obsessed with this game right now, help me
gut diese
Apenas bom! Recomendo sem
i am sure emoji as a mascot was chosen because devs started this as a shtpost and this game actually became popular. very much enjoyable due to replayability and main gameplay loop being fun. i do hope they change their mascot somehow tho, concept of communicating with taxman through emojis is good, but mascot being edgy creepy laugh emoji is not great
Absolutely the funniest co-op game I've ever played. A few buggy moments, that actually made it even funnier.
This game is absolutely amazing i cannot recommend it enough, if you can afford it and have a few friends its so great.
lethal company but better :3
Playing with boys is generally a good idea, I advise everyone. For its price, the game is very justified!)
fix pls, you cant play alone tp much monsters
ne me kefi
W Game
Very fun with a group. Solo. i pee'd a little.
Morri pra um pato
muito
Soundpad
e
) (Fake bady)
5
good fun game :)
Streamer bait "horror" co-op game with a sprinkle of rage gamer thrown in
Controls are bad on purpose so it's funny
Most of the game is waiting for monsters to walk away so you can slowly take objects and put them somewhere else
1
VERY GOOD!
good game very fun
like
sehr geil
good
when I took my tv fishing, I made the discovery of wallpaper walking next to box.
I screamed and cried. 10/10
Un juego muy divertido, claro y entretenido. Solo necesitas unos cuantos amigos y las risas aseguradas.
very funny game
its fun, you can enjoy some good time playing games with friends
funi
repo
its raining sideways
swamp ass
we just got eight free pizzas!
muy bueno con gente pero solo da pena jugar
its a good game very very nice
funny
Sehr Gut
horror
good
fun with friends
This game feels like it's carried by my friends, I feel like it needs some more oomph to the gameplay or something, I'm not a fan of how the movement and jumping and carrying items works. I like janky games but sometimes I feel like it's trying a lot of stuff but I don't really feel the tension anymore after playing it again. It would be nice if we had more dialogue or some kind of exposition or additional background to the locations and maybe some sort of sense of what the average player should be doing. A lot of my friends just hide the whole game and sometimes we basically do nothing and like the way money works in this game doesn't feel multiplayer friendly. I wish we could share more things with friends. I really don't want to leave a negative review on a game cause I enjoyed it somewhat but I can't lie I feel mixed about this. Even if there is more maps or content, I feel like the gameplay loop and feel requires some adjustments. Also the game sometimes feels like it doesn't really let you exploit certain upgrades enough.I like that extra jump exists for new hiding spots or hard to reach places but it would be nice to have more unique upgrades or functions like that. I feel like there should some kind of system for randoms or casuals to play with others more easily with a quick match system too. I don't think it's just the matchmaking and variety but I feel like this game could have some potential cause it's not too expensive, it does what it can and my friends like it but I wish I could like it more, I feel like a sitting duck or like a passenger in this game when I'm with my friends and even other party or horror games or survival games I feel like I can do more about my situation.
Again I don't want to come off as rude but I am just worried about the future of this game and if I will be able to ever play this again with the same interest I first had with it and if I can continue enjoying it anymore.
So to summarise:
Pros
+I like that it's cheap relatively to me
+It will get more content or updates in the future
+I do enjoy the silly things I discover or see my friends do in this game
+Game is fun to watch
+I like the slide and crouch mechanics
+ I like the idea of a shop and hub system and the idea that this game can have multiple rounds till you die
+ I like the tweaks you can make in the settings
- Not scary enough
-NPCs or predators/ enemies don't feel like they are organically placed in the locations
-The game is more fun to watch instead of playing it yourself
-upgrades and weapons don't have enough variety
-Sprinting doesn't feel like you have the ability to slide for long and it feels like I can never run away from certain enemies
-I feel like pitfalls or like dangerous spots should be a bit more visibly clear and also have more contrast from the other set pieces and maps
-This game doesn't feel like it has filters or settings that help me see properly even with the light on in the areas
-The free for all battle after you get sent to the losers pit feels very unfriendly to players who want to bare their surroundings
-Tutorial is very barebones
What I think could be adjusted:
I really recommend switching the item shop system or making themed shops or variations of the same locations and not just making the maps open up or send the player to a new map or the previous map but harder.
Flesh out the tutorial system or have multiple tutorials or a testing ground for different items or maps. Assist the players a bit more on later difficulty levels or provide them with information about the enemies. Maybe you could also make demonstration videos too if possible.
Make the game have more accessibility options so things are more visible to visually impaired players and also it can help people who struggle to see differences in different colours or hues.
Make the player walk and run speed a bit faster.
Maybe let the player have a manual roll or button or some kind of strafe peek like in rainbows six siege. Maybe either more default or base stamina or spring could have a faster initial speed or top speed.
Higher base health or reduced damage taken. Make reviving give the revived player 20 or 30 hp instead of 1 hp maybe. Make certain items either more expensive or cheaper if there are more players to compensate for the player counts. Maybe give the players more advantages if there are less players as well to balance it out.
Make the game have a short jump and higher jump maybe or have more varying heights of jumps, also having more extra jumps pop up in the shop.
I am not saying this to be mean. I just want the game to keep improving since it's early access
I really hope the developers read this I respect the effort you put into this game. I don't want to come off as overly negative.
There are other people who aren't happy with how respawning and matchmaking works as of current. I feel like the game needs more meat or ingredients to it, maybe more side modes, just more ways to spice up the gameplay and way things work so every playthrough or journey can feel more unique and distinct. Some of the smaller or more harmless but annoying looking can be difficult to manoeuvre around and also make it very hard to focus on certain tasks. I feel like it would be great if there were more diverse layouts for the maps especially if you have been there already.
This game feels like one my friends and other people want to keep playing but I feel like that won't last that long so that's also what I worry about. I feel like the vibe or appeal might go away if the content and updates don't help this game enough. My deepest apologies if this has put any pressure on any developers but I think I can tell that this is a very big endeavour and all of this feedback even before my own review can be overwhelming.
Also to add something this I noticed from others that there are ways to utilise movement that may have been made worse or less good in updates? Also the game isn't considered by some to be worth this price or not considered that cheap which I find very interesting. There are many different opinions on this game.
I also did look through what you have planned and what you will be adding
"How is the full version planned to differ from the Early Access version?
customization, meta progression, more story elements, more upgrades, more equipment, more levels and
What is the current state of the Early Access version?
are currently 3 worlds, 19 enemies, 29 equipment items and 8 player
This implies that there will be more variety and stuff like I was requesting but I do hope you somehow are able to make this game both more fun to move around in and accessible and fun too for longer amounts of sessions :)
Thank you to anyone who read all of this. I hope you have a good day and I do not hate or dislike anyone for enjoying the game as it is or for having criticisms. Take care :D
funny asf
3
W
Im not sorry. The Discord employs children as Admin's and Moderators who has ego trendistics looking to power trip on you at the whim of constructional criticism. The "EARLY RELEASE" part of the game is to coax anyone naive enough to think it will be a finishing product anytime soon.
I had fun with it, just 6 hours with a good couple of players to get up to level 15 only to find out it's just rinse, wash and repeat is not worth waiting for the next 8 months to 2 years only to find out the game is still retaining it's Early-Release tag. It's very similar in every aspect to Lethal Company, lackluster in the end.
buy at your own risk.
I suck.
10
Risas aseguradas con los amigos y susto que otro
I genuinely did not expect this game to be this good
A tad repetitive with an interesting learning curve, but very enjoyable with friends.
OYUN DE AQ 3 MAYMUN AQ 4 GELENE KADAR AQ OYUNDA MI SORUN VAR YADA ANLAMADIM DARK SOULS OYNUYORUM AQ BAKIYORUM 20 KADAR BU NASIL AQ
An old man opened the door
I went AH and he shot me in the cranium dead
9.99/10 (remove that fucking duck)
Great game! Concept is amazing. Can be infuriating, some of the monsters are really annoying.
THE DUCK IS ANNOYING AF, YOU ARE TO BLAME IF I CURB STOMP A DUCK IN THE PARK BECAUSE OF THE IN GAME DUCK!
very funn with friends
0,0
je
the game is great fuck the robe and the dam duck.
dada
10
10 10
skibidi nigger
so this gaem is a lot leik leaf fall company becus like their is monters and like you have to meet like a kwota of some sort but holy moly is it so muhc berter like holy like its wayyyyyy mor funner and like hilarioser. the game is quit scary thow so be careful. buy guys and bye guys
Te faz rir e sentir medo ao mesmo tempo.
es macht SO
GuH?
REPO is an absolute blast! Teaming up with friends to haul awkward items through creepy environments leads to endless laughs and unexpected scares. The physics-based gameplay adds a unique twist, making every mission a chaotic adventure. If you're looking for a game that perfectly blends horror and hilarity, R.E.P.O is a must-play!
MMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
I highly recommend this game if you have a group to play with. It's good solo, but it's definitely made for multiple people.
Nice game
Shit IS SUPER FUNNY AND GOT GOOD JUMP SCARES
10 10
kullanan sikim adam nefes duyup amk. Ama oyun
ONE OF THE BEST GAMES EVER, WE LOVE IT
Lethal Company REPO!
This game is very fun and choatic just like lethal company and murky divers.
just buy it
Veselo zadorno
this is a good game
:^
Repo is very cool, I like it. Today I was hit by a car, and then another one. Repo saved my life.
10/10 would roll off again
very very funny, like it way more than Leth*l Comp*ny, all jokes aside, LOVE playing repo! It's so much more fun with friends. we already have so many clips.<3
i can beat up babys and blind people 10/10
This game is like lethal company but better. No hate towards lethal company tho
:)
peak friends peak game
Gud Gayme
Me y hasta cagarme encima, Recomendadisimo si lo jugas con una cantidad de jugadores >= 3 ya solo parece como cualquier juego de este estilo. Pero vale totalmente la pena
Un 8/10
yes
My brother bought me this game, and I gotta say, it gave me the hardiest laugh I've had in a while. Seriously really fun to play. I would recommend it to anyone.
que jogo sensacional
LIN GAN GULI GULI GULI WATA LIN GAN GOO
Jogo muito bom jogue com amigos
love it.
I ABSOLUTELY hate this game. I strongly recommend this game to others.
I LOVE THIS GAME THE AI COULD BE A BIT BETTER BUT IT IS FUN
2-3 10 10!
my buddy gifted me this game, this game is cute, and scary, i enjoy both things. Its fun with friends, been playing with a whole group. buy it.
jogo birutinha que coloca e seus amigos em perfeito
10 zabitych z 10
#BiednePotwory
10/10
Great Game
ncie
By far the most hilarious game to play with friends. More than Among Us. More than Lethal Company. More than Hardliner.
And its a very fun-but-challenging game solo, as well!
KEEP UPDATE THE GAME. I LOVE IT!
da
[h1]Like [i]Lethal Company,[/i] but sillier. 8.3/10.[/h1][b][i]R.E.P.O.: Repossession of Every Pricey Object.[/i][/b] [spoiler]This is evidently not what [i]R.E.P.O.[/i] actually stands [i][url= Retrieve, Extract, and Profit my version of the acronym also fits the theme.[/spoiler] If you know how to play [i][url= Company[/url],[/i] you know how to play [i]R.E.P.O.,[/i] but it does have its own niche in my opinion. For example, there are various upgrades to things like physical stamina, strength, speed, etc., that impact the players' ability to survive for prolonged gameplay.
From the [url= to the [url= to the [url= however, you're sure to die at some point. And the [url= will be dissatisfied with your performance, sending you to fight against your teammates to become [url= of the Losers[/url].
funny fun with freinds and scary
15 16 1
jbl
Funny af. Scary for the first few rounds, then it might still be suspenseful, but as a qualified scaridycat, this doesn't leave me petrified, even if my friends die and I'm the one carrying their heads back to the exit lmao
5674ysm9uryx5thjomikxryhtjokmp,xrhtcjkmorxhtcju
R.E.P.O -
DZIADU
Repeatedly beat my friends to death with a hammer while in a store. Despite no longer being able to play with friends, pretty fun solo as well. Though for those living in Kenya, I cannot recommend the prison showers as much.
run jump hump die
Aaaaa kral agalarla oyun
extrement drole a jouer a plusieurs
I am a broken one. every. single. round.
Good Co-Op Game nice idea and fun to play with friends the game still need some options and I'm sure the Developers will add it in the next updates like ( Kicking annoying people - ROOMS Menu - More player Items )
This game is insanely fun with friends for only 10 dollars as well!
- Progression feels nice just needs to be expanded on a bit which is happening
- devs are open to all feedback and working on improving the game
- 0 complaints from me!
10/10 Spiel.
SOUND PAD
10/10
oynamak sayko bi oyun
Funny little bobot game :)
goog game
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
This game is an endless amount of fun. If you're looking for a good time, definitely try this game out.
Soundpad.
repo
cego fela da
Absolute cinema
W devs
funny game
and scary
[B]R.E.P.O.[/B]
[84%][/i]
[B]KLADY:[/B]
+ Lethal Company klon
+ ultra
+ cool a
- devs [i](mods soon?)[/i]
- mi achievementy
No je to to hrajem - a A to je to v singlu
R.E.P.O. z a konceptu, ale a extrakt v spousta monster. se i grafika a stylizace a jako text-to-speech, se pod baterka, se nevybije, bojovat a se.
Je na je to velice hra, z Ale devs, se, a nedostatky jsou tedy
don't throw the merchandise
una joyita
gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood
BEST HORROR FUNNY CHALNGE GOOFY GAME EVERRRRRRRR LOVE IT
jaja klitoris i piso
Wonderful game if you have friends or are willing to use discord to matchmake.
sehr gutes Game leider gibt es keine Robben aber Flammenwerfer und lecker viel Geld und Teamarbeit bei den Upgrades man sich immer
EL JUEGO ES LA POLLA HASTA QUE JUEGAS CON TU AMIGO ARGENTINO QUE NO SE CALLA NI AUNQUE LE PAGES ENTONCES SOLO MUERES TODO EL RATO 10/10
R.E.P.O is one of those games you play once and never again. From the very first minutes, clear that the controls are a complete mess the character moves awkwardly, responds slowly, and the whole game just feels clunky. Combine that with the ridiculously unbalanced difficulty, and you have pure suffering. The biggest problem, however, is the monsters. Escaping from them is nearly impossible. The game give the player a chance you run, you try to hide, and yet they catch you instantly, killing you on the spot. And all of this happens without any warning or an actual way to learn how to survive. As if that bad enough, the tutorial is an absolute joke. Not only is it unclear, but also completely useless. The game explains almost nothing, leaving players to figure things out on their but how can they when they die immediately? forced to repeat the same sections over and over, only to fall into a trap the game never even hints at. maddening. And the atmosphere? There any. After a few minutes, realize that the game is nothing but running through the same dull locations where nothing interesting happens. Tension? Fear? Forget it. The only thing feel is frustration and regret for wasting your time. R.E.P.O is a perfect example of how not to make a horror game. unplayable, unenjoyable, unnecessarily frustrating, and poorly explained. If you want to keep your sanity, avoid this game at all costs.
Genuinely a fun game to play, especially with the right people, it can be fun with just another person but would definitely recommend playing it with atleast 4-6 people. Over all a good 10/10 for me :3
That f'ing bird that i hate!
Watched my friend get sniped in a hallway by a blind man for playing Fetty Wap 10/10 game
ta good
good game
NRV
Seriously? Did I pay for a game that ONLY needs to be played WITH FRIENDS?
Why couldn't we give the opportunity to play with random players?
Is it really that hard to do this for players who DON't have any friends?
Due to the lack of public lobbies, playing "Lethal Company" will be better than pontless wandering in single mode IN an ONLINE F(the bloody hell) GAME!
Comments like "Make friends and play" will be pointless.
Edit: .cuz u don't have any random players for making new friends, so.
"No public lobby = no new friends"
AND "don't have any friends = don't buy this game", if don't want to play ALONE.
if don't read edit too. well. nobody can help u with brainrot diagnosis.
its WAY BETTER THEN LETHAL COMPANY
SCARY alone Funnier with friends.
LOVE ITTTTTT
Really love this game. Absolutely worth buying and playing.
10/10!
d;ljdfv;'jksdv'kjsdl/vknsfbl/kjl/ksdvjlkjxdblkjdvj;nd
10 10
very fun game to play with friends I strongly recomend
very fun game with friends and solo but better with people
Very funny game for playing with your friends) 11/10
- 10
muito bom so muda a imagem do jogo esse emoji e feio demais
)
Peak
2025 p2p 5, 2025 2-3
I DON'T LIKE THIS GAME
7 40
10 10
new goofy ass co op horror game featuring silly ass little characters that do all sorts of wacky things but sometimes they get you like fr THEY GET YOU
Extremely fun/funny. Kinda like lethal company but with a enjoyable twist
berbat bir oyun lobi sistemi dahi yok
I love getting my friends killed in this game
The game is a heap of fun, from the wacky physics to the characters being goofy the game is really enjoyable. They managed to capsulate a real vibe with the game and it is worth pouring hours into.
funni lethal company type game. Friends have the survival instincts of a carrot. Confusing monsters. Looking through a wiki for them. Videos I have seen of the game on tiktok were funny and not gonna lie. There's a reason
muy divertido ojala sigan metiendo contenido
Da miedito
150
It does not support steam deck
fun game wit h friends!
the screams of the damned is the funniest shit ever
Gracias a este juego me toco todos los dias en el porque el mousntruo que parece una asesina me parece muy bonita al punto del que eh llegado a tener fantasias sexuales con ella por eso recomiendo y admito que este juego es una gran obra maestra ademas de tener buena jugabilidad me gustaria que la gimiera mi nombre de jugador para asi decirle lo mucho que la quiero en conclusion amo este juego a la sexual con cuchillas.
vERY NICE GAME
-
Absolut krank lustiges spiel. hab ich mich schon 10 mal eingest. xD mega
Fun and funny, however the tiny duck is a disgrace to life itself and needs to be completely eradicated.
One of the best horror (more funny than horror actually) multiplayer games I've played in awhile. The adventure for treasure while avoiding monsters around the corner is always a fun ride when you're with friends.
random shit
juguen 2 horas y media y despues devuelvanlo, pierde la gracia despues de un rato
TS PMO.
funni
duck so cute
:)
goofy good
That fucking bird i hate
Me and my friend made it to level 6. We had so much money and after we got parted and found each other again, he told me that the cart fell into a lava pit or something. Everything was gone and we died. I was raging. 10/10 would hate it again but can't because it's too great
Digne jeu dans la veine de Lethal company
S'inspirant sans le copier, vous trouverez en ce R.E.P.O le jeu multijoueur fait pour vous faire dessus de rire ou de peur vous de voir pourquoi vos seront changer)
Pour ce prix, il y a peu de jeu qui propose un rapport aussi excellent.
Jouez R.E.P.O c'est l'ami de vos entre amis
100 10
fun to play
i love lethal company and r.e.p.o. is also amazing
fun
gud gaem ;)
Tout simplement INSANE Entre amis c'est tout simplement incroyablement entre les morts et les blagues a faire. Du ce jeu, je recommande plus que fortement.
i love this game
best coop game ever played its so fun
Fun game but need more friends to play with to have more fun
its fun, go play it with friends
I cannot recommend the game with the respawn system as is, which is unfortunate because the game IS fun. To be clear I think the game is genuinely well balanced with how it handles respawns, but I think it's excruciatingly anti-fun. Because money is much more valuable than a game like Lethal Company, it's extremely important for your friends to pick the map clean of loot. This combined with no time limits (that I know of at least) caused two different deaths in my first session where I was just sitting alone for 15-20 minutes with nothing to do. Since the system as is is balanced I would prefer an alternate, more casual revive system to be implemented as a lobby option, and for now will have to be looking into modding to make the game more playable. I will 100% flip my review if this system is ever changed.
180 12 10
10/10
-
10 10
its like being a slave with friends
lost my friends after I broke everything
3
very engaging, thrilling and packed with action, it's way more fun to play it with your friends at night cause this will send chills down your spine, i guarantee you will not be disappointed it will be very satisfying despite its small size. this is the best analogy for my PP so far.
Jeg sprengte vennen min. Det var et uhell, men det skjedde. Stakaren kom seg ikke inn i bilen. Han sliter nokk uten bein og helt alene.
Ta guapo te hechas unas risas con los colegas
Cool
i very much like this game but if you dont have friends dont buy it beacause there isnt any public matchmacking and single player is kinda boring
The most fun and interesting game i've played on Steam in years. Can't wait for future updates!
muito bom o jogo com os amigos fica muitos mas se eles uns mods.
✅ funny moments
✅ cool monsters & weapons
✅ quick & fluid world load times
✅ revivability (not dead all game)
❌ emoji mascot
game of the year
360
esto es la puta polla
es la puta polla, risas aseguradas y mas si juegas con una chillona
ilk defa bir oyunda sinir krizi yerine kahkaha olamaz
jajasjasjajajajajaj
10 10
+
Lethal Company was a awesome game but it lost its spark this could be the new Lethal Company for me. REPO is extremely fun played for hours with friends derping around and getting each other killed and battling it out for thr biggest loser title xD 10/10 experience for me
Blu blu blu blu
Best 10 euros of my life
super hyggeligt
PROS: BUFFED LETHAL COMPANY
CONS: I'M DIZZY SIMULATOR
oyun
+rep
Better than Elden Ring, funny physics and goofy character design. Also you can straight up throw boulders at monsters. 10/10
(5/5)
26 R.E.P.O.
YouTube,
R.E.P.O.
P.S.
GREAT GAME!
Fun, Scary and amazing game to play single player and with friends :)
10/10
Le jeu est drole surtout avec ses amis je le recommande que si vous en avez car seul c'est dur
[h2]
Good game
Actually the best ten dollars I might have ever spent.
Abdolute cinema
4
p.s.
vraiment un bon jeu pour jouer on co op, rire assurer. seul incovenient jusqu'a present est lorsqu'il a plus d'item dans la map sa ne le dit pas et tu cherche pour rien! mais pour le reste vraiment bien!
If this game has had any affect on me it is making me hate british people. if you are british shut up like a good boy.
Very funny
Chaotic when you play with friends lmao
Everything about this game is hilarious, the characters are so goofy, the devs are funny, some of the monsters do stupid stuff. and its always funny walking to the cart with something small and fragile, and you bump into your teammate through a doorway, and blame each other for the $2000 item you lost.
it good very enjoy =]
SI
si
game is fun but is too many bug
NICE
Migliol Gioho di semple
very good, very funneh. best with friends
-
tam ibneler hele o sepet bi tane koyuyon adama gidiyo kafa adamlar bir birini
Partiamo dal fatto che ho adoro come questo gioco riprenda alcune meccaniche di altri giochi con cui mi sono divertito molto, come Lethal Company. Sicuramente ti innamorerai anche di questa piccola perla.
Trovo i controlli super pratici e intuitivi una volta che ci prendi la mano, lo stile PS2/vecchia scuola che ha l'ambiente circostante incredibilmente affascinante. (soprattutto dato quanto sia personalizzabile la grafica, puoi abbassare la pixelazione per ottenere una risoluzione alta e hai la di modificare diversi filtri. Normalmente i miei occhi si stancano di giocare con questo stile, ma non ho avuto quel problema una volta toccati alcuni parametri.)
Ci sono alcune piccole cose che a parer mio andrebbero cambiate per migliorare il gioco, ma da quello che ho letto, i sviluppatori sono all'opera per migliorare il tutto.
Nel complesso, adoro tutti gli aspetti del gioco soprattutto se ci giochi con gli amici!
Spero che avremo una sorta di trama in futuro, l'ambientazione sembra interessante e io e i miei amici ci siamo divertiti molto a teorizzare al riguardo.
Vedremo in futuro cosa aggiungeranno/miglioreranno, va fatto un bel applauso ai sviluppatori semiwork!
Como persona que tiene mucho sexo a toda hora, puedo decir que este juego es 100% parecido a tener sexo con una mujer, como yo siempre hago. Obviamente este juego no me puso caliente, no soy gay, yo tengo mucho sexo con mujeres reales como para gastar de 15 minutos en este juego. Por otro lado me gustaria recomendar este juego a la gente que no tiene sexo (no como yo porque yo tengo mucho sexo con mujeres, mucho) como si hubiese una mujer desnuda y desnuda. Ella se ve como una de mis varias novias con la que tuve mucho sexo. He tenido mucho sexo. soy muy guapo y las mujeres SIEMPRE quieren tener sexo conmigo porque soy muy musculoso y guapo y muy bueno en los videojuegos. Todas mis novias dicen que soy muy bueno en el sexo y jugando videojuegos y siendo guapo. Una de mis enamoradas me tener sexo con ella pero le dije que estaba jugando un juego de sexo y a llorar y se hizo lesbiana y se porque no tuve sexo con ella. Tengo sexo con mujeres, no con hombres, no soy gay. Soy muy cool y guapo que las chicas siempre quieren tener sexo conmigo porque soy muy cool y sexy. Mi pene es muy grande. A todas mis novias les gusta mi pene porque es muy grande y soy muy bueno en el sexo y lo soy, tengo mucho sexo. soy muy guapo y sexy y tengo mucho sexo.
i love repo but none of my friends have it so i play alone but its still super fun
lingang guli guli lingang guli guli lingang guli guli lingang guli guli lingang guli guli lingang guli guli lingang guli guli lingang guli guli lingang guli guli lingang guli guli lingang guli guli lingang guli guli lingang guli guli lingang guli guli lingang guli guli lingang guli guli GUUUUUUU
This shi is the most fun game ive played in a long time. They dont have multiplayer yet, (you can only play with your friends), but other than that its really really fun. Other option what to do is to join the r.e.p.o. discord server and play with others there, really do recommend :D
Juegazo para jugar con amigos, es increible como se puede innovar con lo simple.
This game is so addictive and I'm looking forward for the next update.
chok iyi kesinlikle tavsiye ederim paraya
ok
180. 12 10
Can't sex the blind men but the duck will fuck you (up)
Tato hra je freaky jako slovo
Bubu Bengr
me go click click on keyboard and monsters go boo so i go ahhhh scary and cry :)
hihihiha
The scariest monster in my life is my friends
i like the game but i wish you could join random lobbies to play with others instead of doing it by yourself.
pizdit' 300
muito bom matei meus amigos com uma doze
BLA BLA BLE BLE BLE BLUBLUBLUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
pICK GREEN AND DUCK LIEK NO AND EHT ME WTF
Leathal company but funnier
omg
Un cago de risa, promete muuuuuuuuuucho este game.
jijija
nice
funny with friends
<3
Pros:
-Fun with friends and alone too (if you are used to playing the game)
-Some cool monsters with cool gimmicks like the Robe, Apex Predator, etc etc
-Cool mechanics like upgrades in strength and stamina and revive players and heal them
-Great weapons like guns and grenades that allows you to counter monsters
-Gimmicky items that helps during runs like drones
-Good graphics
-Level progression allows more space giving more freedom with carrying big items
Cons:
-Early game is hard to counter monsters due to not having enough upgrades and access to items
-Requires a lot a patience if you playing solo or all of you teammates died
-Might have bad connection in game with friends, causing me and my friends to break stuff or damage things
-While stamina is a good upgrade by itself, stamina regeneration/stamina endurance upgrades need to be added to the game to make up for stamina vanishing almost instantly
-Monsters have AI that makes them revolve around where you are for sometimes minutes at a time making it hard to get by or making you lose patience
For a game at 10 dollars that just came out, its a very good game but i would only recommend it if you have patience and have friends or other people to play with.
It is a very fun game. everywhere you go on insta, youtube, everywhere you can find this game. my friend gifted it to me, and even though there are not much maps yet, the game will still be fun. the only downside is that you will NEED to have friends because otherwise you can for now only play singleplayer. so for the people who dont have friends (no offense) maybe wait with buying the game until there is matchmaking. but all and all, very good game.
Amezing game
VERY FUN its very funny with friends however in the future needs a multiplayer update where you can play with randoms.Monsters also great and ive had countless funny moments with them.
This game is crazy fun
muy weno, mejor con amigos :D
so happy
[h1] [/h1]
R.E.P.O. [spoiler] [/spoiler], Lethal Company,
[h3] [/h3]
Lethal Company,
[h3] R.E.P.O. [/h3]
[h3] [/h3]
[spoiler] [/spoiler]
[h3] [/h3]
Lethal Company,
Steam-a,
-
[h3] [/h3]
Marmok
breastfeeding
LA REAL ESTE JUEGO ES DIVERTIDO SI TIENES AMIGOS PERO COMO NO TENGO NO LE HAGAN CASO A ESTA
funny
8
aaaaaaaaaa
Linga guli guli guli wacha linga gu linga gu
EBANNOGO 180
very funny
one of the best co-op games i ever played so fun and funny to play with friends,cant wait for new updates and Monsters.
I LOVE F.R.E.A.K.O
naiseee
funny w friends
10
2
~5
1
>10
>20
brutal
this is the first lethal-like to actually rival lethal company in terms of good game design
goat game
Yes.
Bin reingegangen, hab 'nen Stuhl aufgehoben, wollte ihn werfen, hab stattdessen mein eigenes Team ausgeknockt. Monster kommt, ich schreie, versuche zu rennen, dann stolper ich eine Schaufel und fliege aus dem Fenster. Hab aber die anderen nicht. 10/10 wieder aus Versehen ein sein.
nicht wundern
geiles Games
This is just so much fun. I played only one match and stumbled upon a great friendly and funny lobby, hope majority of the lobbies are that great. Only downside is that game does not have a matchmchmaking ringht now and only way to play multiplayer when you have no friends is to use discord, and use one of those shared invite links.
mega funny die angst zu atmen so bombe
Comedy gold
The laughing crying emoji ruins this games reputation, when I first saw it I completely ignored it, if it wasn't for my friends who are into these types of games I would've never ever bought it.
But the game is actually really good, the unique twists on game-play make it IMO the best out of any of the post lethal company horror co-op extraction type games. there are new stakes, more involved game play, and interesting ways to fight back against the monsters.
One of my favorite things is the way that heavier objects actually have weight to them, you have to work together with your teammates to pick it up and then avoid knocking it into stuff or-else it depletes its value, on top of that you also need a third person to be a look out in case a monster tries to pull up while you are moving it. Just one example of the many unique takes this game has to offer!
Again though I cant really blame anyone for ignoring this game based on the marketing images, whoever decided that should be the main face of the game cost you guys a lot of money.
10 10
super lustig
30
[h1]Space Debt Never Sleeps[/h1]
R.E.P.O is the only game where you chase aliens for unpaid bills and somehow feel like a hero.
your job is to repossess laser-powered couches and suspiciously aggressive coffee machines. The missions are wild, the weapons are absurd, and every alien seems shocked you're actually doing your job. like space meets debt collection with explosions. The best part?[spoiler] [i]Voice chat when u are holding love potion or hourglass XD[/i][/spoiler]
I've never wanted to punch a baby more.
10/10
Najlepsza gra beka zbieranie nie tylko bardzej cenniejszych rzeczy. Polecam bardzo serdecznie
Jogo muito bom um dos melhores jogos que eu joguei na minha vida
good
KAIF
being positive vibes
este juego es imposible no reirse con amigos xD
Si
Good game, fun to play with your friends!(If you have any)
Nice playing game but make updates not like lethal muipany and is all gud <3 yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa maaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan BOMBOCLAT
360
give the players more starting stamina. 40 is ridiculous
content warning -
7/10
A suggestion that would help a lot would be to be able to put the name of the saved games so as not to confuse them with the others
10 5
is fun
My brother in christ you gotta get rid of that emoji
really funny game would recomend 10/10
10 10
30 950
Fun and chaotic game to play with friends
wau
yes
WWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
sehr gutes spiel
Bodla by zde i byl bych kdyby se republika ne diskriminovala v jazykach
SO MUCH FUN
44/10
Its so fun the game is also very well made
half of playtime was spent in the shop trying to kill eachother with mines and grenades
soundboard purgatory
fun to play
Pretty good Company-like with gmod prop physics and some more interesting mechanics. Love the character design of the players and overall it's enjoyable!
Some situations, where just one more player remains, can be very annoying though and really slows the pacing down. Also searching for that one last item in the map to meet quota is a bit cumbersome too, especially on big maps.
The emoji mascot just doesn't fit the game at all though. it's not scary looking or anything, it's just.not good. please change it
Me liek chimken nuggies
he jijeado
Been very fun so far! With a lot of replayibility!
crowded is funnier, alone is scary :D
I said your mom gay and was shot and killed.
10/10 game
Esta bueno! jajajaja
6666666666666666666666666666666
Fun
masterclass
500 360 10 10
Good Game.
this is the best game ever even better then lethal company and its hella fun to play with other would recommend it for other players whos looking for i fun horror game best game ever
shi fun or whatever type shit
smecherie totala recomand
Super
Scary game funy
Don't look at the tall guys mask.
krutaya igra +rep dlya daunov
>start game
>try to find people to play
>cant find anyone to play
>end the game
>hate the dev for making multiplayer this way
For real bor what was he thinking?
I will change my review as soon as we get a actual multiplayer
Top
je recommande le jeu et super surtout pour sa fonctionnaliter qui fait que les objet peuve se casser
10 OUT OF FUCKING 10
he jugado con mis amigos y es un juegazo.
g
I saw this game on my discovery queue when it only had about 300 reviews. I checked it out, but the mascot/logo stopped me from buying it because I thought it was just another slop game. A week later I saw it again, and decided to give it another look. I gathered a few of my friends and we began playing. All I can say is. I LOVE it. Its very fun, and genuinely one of the best and funniest multiplayer games I've ever played. I highly recommend! They're also adding online compatibility soon.
jbl
muito bom
pretty funny game if you play with others
its very fun and allows you to meet new people
BEST DOOH
one word "boom"
I played 2 hours with it but it was one of the greatest games I have ever played. (The game is better with friends)
this game is fun with frind
This game is super fun and kinda scary I LOVE ITTT
wszystko fajnie ale jebac tego mega minda
360
II,
-Join a singleplayer game
-See a funny blind man
-Realize he has a shotgun
-Panic
-Get shot
-Retry
does a bear shit in the woods
"Content Warning",
AppID, 400
CW, CW.
2,
Very fun game.
3 3
You digging in me
ye
good if you have friends
bad if your a solo player
THE FUNIEST AND GREATEST GAME OF ALL TIME
ustaa on numara
more ducks more awooo
Fui surpreendido com esse jogo, esperava nada e ele me entregou tudo. Fui jogar para testar com meus amigos 22:00 e fomos dormir as 2:30 da
Pra mim aqui acabou.
2
FUN GAME
This gam is fun. With friends is if even funnier.
s
good
British
10 10
10 10
10 10
wasap
its a great game
i continue to be a great asset to the company in every universe
i go pee pee on my wee wee
10/10 game
lustig und unterhaltsam
also Lethal Company mit einer LKW ladung voll
So nice game! So funny to play with friends!
IRL
fun
repository
A more chiller and chaotic Lethal Company with revival of dead players :)
It's like LC but more fun! =)
Devs please keep official modding support!
Einfach ein witziges game wie Lethal Company
Freunde opfern ist immer geil
+rep
mereketengue
Cursed crown royal + Teletobies + goofy blindman (10/10)
WE NEED MORE MAP
lebih takut mati karna temen bukan karna monster nya :(
Fun, but too punishing when there are fewer players. There should be a setting to not restart the entire game when you die, only the round.
INCR
fun to play with friends
GANDA TANGINA
veri goodi game if you like the feeling where some freaky duck doing freaky ahh things on your body
Beri noice
Recommend to play whit friends if you'r not having fun it fun scary you see an monster and shit you're self while you'r friends are running away from it
Rating 10:10
mt foda
Beste spillet eg har spilt lenge
kadim si za
jest bardzo zabawna i bardzo fajna bardzo polecam
very fun game. wuold recommend
:)
i shouldnt have picked up the duck
AMAZING. FUN. ICONIC.
10 10.
Its really funny and cool to play with your friends
Soundpad
nice
180
11 10
Some black CaseOh, inhale. my friend and I, we died.
werry werry sad
This game is so silly and fun to play with your friends. Yes it is a horror game and has many good jump scares, but also has many moments of silliness when playing with friends. Since this game is still in early access, my recommendation for the game devs is I wish the tutorial had more about how to play the game. It just taught me the controls but it didn't teach me the context of it at all and it was really confusing when loading into the match for the first time. I also wish it had something about the monsters and the upgrades in the tutorial. Otherwise the game is great and I can't wait to see what kind of updates we get! Also, I would love to be able to play in a bigger group than 6.
great bonding experience for me and my hb
this game is SUPER fun with friends and the robots are cute
if you have friends 1 or 2 great game. How the characters look makes it even better and funnyer.
10 dollers for this is really good. BUT ALONE WHIT NO FRIENDS IS NOT FUNNY and i don't recommend buying it wenn you have no friends to play whit!
Magnificent
Excelente
The headman gave me head then killed my whole team 10/10
The game is amazing. It recommend playing in minimum 3 players as it is very funny. I like how for a moment you are having fun and then the next you are being chased and freaking out, the proximity voice is the funniest part of it all
Incredible game 10/10
Needs hats, make them sellable on the steam market or other drip like capes. Game would have a much longer lifespan
roligastew spelet jag spelat
Awesome game, i love screaming behind my friends when the blind shotgun guy, the text to speech is also just too funny 10/10 steam indie game of the year
would of never given this game a shot just cause of the emoji, thanks to my brainrot app tik tok i found out its pretty goated
gud
Played this game with my fam and i have to say proximity chat is the move, super hilarious and fun to play, i was crying laughing playing this with them
One of the most fun Games I've played with the Gang.
Highly Recommend.
this game is fucking hilarious. it runs on everything, takes up no space, and it's a GD blast. highly recommend to anyone with $10 to spare and some friends to play with. so far i've bought a copy of the game for my brother and my dad after playing it. still less than a AAA title to buy a full lobby's worth of copies.
e
this is the silliest game i have ever played. i have enjoyed every second of game play. much love repo <3
+
10 10
9.9/10. 0.1 -
Only Vanilla thing to not like is that once your teammates are dead, then you have to complete the whole round if you can, and if not then whole game starts over. Perhaps there can be a way to revive your friends but once you do, you also add a random spawn of a monster. It increases risk, but at least they dont have to wait possibly up to an hour for your extra careful ass to finish the map.
Muy buen juego la verdad, el punto es jugar con amigos eso lo vuelve super bueno, ya que jugarlo solo perturba un poco jajaja
KILL MY FRIENDS. KILL ALL OF MY FIRENDS. KILL ALL OF MY FREINDS.
fhctybq gbljhfc
13 1
Jak masz z kim grac to sie oplaca
Spotify.
11 10
11 10
china NO.1
robe havaya yedi.
Jeu et effrayant. Le jeu parait assez simple mais avec les qui nous poursuivent c'est assez compliquer. Vraiment un point c'est le fait de devoir tout recommencer 0 qu'on meurt. C'est vraiment on finit par fermer le jeu par flemme de devoir tout refaire. J'aurais rester bloquer au niveau ou l'on meurt.
- [b][h4]
-{
☐
☑
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐ MS-DOS
-{
☑
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
-{
☐
☑
☐
☐
☐
☐
-{
☑
☑
☑
☑
-{
☐ Paint,
☐
☑
☐
☐
☐ NASA
-{
☐ 'W'
☑
☐ /
☐
☐
☑ Dark Souls
-{
☐
☐
☑
☐
☐
☐
-{
☐
☑
☐
☐
☐
☐
-{
☐
☐ (2-5
☐
☐
☑
-{
☐
☑
☐
☐
☐
☐
-{
☐
☑
☐
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐
-{ ? / 10
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☐ 9
☑ 10
-{
☐
☐
☐
☑
:skull: :skull:
1
REPOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OHYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
emojiyi amk
Ever wanted to be a repo agent, but instead of towing cars, you're reclaiming weird, haunted, and downright cursed objects? That's R.E.P.O. a game equal parts thrilling, hilarious, and terrifying.
Unique Gameplay: not just "go here, grab object, job is unpredictable. Sometimes the objects want to be repossessed. Sometimes the house wants you gone.
Atmosphere on Point: Creepy basements, flickering lights, and sounds that make you question game knows how to mess with your head.
Co-op Madness: Playing with friends makes it even better. Watching a buddy scream because a possessed teddy bear moved? Priceless.
Surprises Everywhere: Just when you think seen it all, the game pulls a fast one on you. No spoilers, but trust escalate.
If you love games like Phasmophobia but want something fresh and hilariously terrifying, R.E.P.O. is a must-play.
Final Verdict: Repo or Regret?
Repo. Every. Damn. Time.
Also, add me as a friend. If you have any friends, then can play this alone and cry in the dark.
git
i would just say "perfect"
pizda
10/10 360
amazing game if you have friends
great game with friends such a laugh and a cry depending
REPO is.yes.
One of the Best multiplayer game I've played in a long time
yes.
pour des barre de rire c'est ici XD
me gusta mucho
great game, now my moms mad cuz i shat myself
funny game
yes
No public multiplayer lobbies? Why?
Very good game, i threw myself at my friends and got exploded by a random thing with 6 fucking arms and an ugly ass head.
We made quota tho so life's good.
(FUCK THE BLIND GRANDPA)
my friend blasted fetty wap and got killed by megamind 10/10
[D[D[D
180
Potential game
good game
best and funest game i played
Bardzo fajne ludziki w tej grze i fajnie
I put boobies in on text to speech and my teammates proceeded to look at me and call me a twat, ten out of ten game.
one of the best games ive played in a long long time, really great with friends and family. the game is funny without trying to be funny, plenty of stuff to do, very exhilerating and keeps you addicted to keep playing. highly recommend trying it out if u havent yet, especially for the price it is, youll get your moneys worth and much more.
trop bien
I need friends
100
cool
fun and full of content for streamers and youtubers.
Peakss
11/10
give this game a damn ending. fun for a day or two
LOVE THIS GAME BUT HAD NO FRIEND TO PLAY WITH SRY NEED REFUND THE GAME
Dojebana jak ktos chce grac to pisac
best horror/fun game in the world xD
very nice game.
thank you creator :)
10 10
SO FUNNY I LOVE IT i hate the head monster.
ITS SIGMA
fun for the first 10h
crayom
I totally recommend this game, lot of fun, and not like Lethal Company, it`s way more funnier.
Apex Predator my baby
This game is funny as heck and makes a ton of fun playing it together with friends. The enemies are scary but also make us giggle often. While the game seems to have infinite levels, only in the first 10 levels or so enemies become more dangerous. Beyond that level, the difficulty doesn't increase anymore and the game becomes actually even easier, because you are buying upgrades with the remaining money which makes you stronger while the enemies remain the same. I think, it would have been better to just make the enemies become infinitely stronger with each level until it becomes impossible to win, like in "Lethal Company". However, the developers seem to have promised to solve this problem in an upcoming update, so I am excited to see what new content will come.
one of the best game fr
this game is so good it already deserves a goty.but i would like to have a feature to be able to join random people without the need of friends.
[h1]
[h2]
[h2]
[h2]
2025 2 26
[h2]
[h2]
very funny to play with friends
good
I got R.E.P.O'D.
gifted to my cuzes we enjoyed the hell out of it and will enjoy it still, i recommend.
and y'all tweaking about the emoji, i think its cool.
f11
5
fani
laugh till U die
peer-to-peer,
Ive been playing this game with my girlfriend for the past week and oh my god is it so much fun. Playing with any amount of people is fun but I highly recommend playing with a loved one or a group of people. Genuinely the most fun Ive had playing anything for a while. I HIGHLY recommend picking up this game.
My friend tried to throw me in the void but the rifleman killed him and saved me. I then thanked him and he killed me too. 10/10
Its Lethal Company but a lot more causal and fun and just playful. The only issue i find with this game is the reviving and how it works where you have to do a quota to get them back. I think there should be other ways than that to revive teammates And shop prices maybe being a bit more cheaper or something in general. BUT OVERALL EVERYTHING ELSE IS HELLA FUN! its unique its immersive its great with friends its gonna get updates its just worth it if you want a fun horror multiplayer experience.
and public matchmaking is in the works so that will make this game 100x more worth it
JBL
27 - R.E.P.O Lethal Company,
2
100+
There's no run in which this game won't surprise you. Get ready to be scared and laugh at the same time
w
+rep
It's like content warning and lethal company but with refreshed new gameplay. It's almost like a jewish simulator.
Really Fun with friends
ABOBA
Amazing little game
ez
+rep
Oyun ama tek herkesle lobiler gelse iyi olur
180 10/10
adasdada
20
@
@
@
:)
muitoooooooo bom
10/10
peak content
good game big head scarwy
Game good.
i dropped a vase on the floor and stepped on it and it broke, this game healed my inner childhood and it brought back the memories
funny goofy ahh i love it
R.E.P.O Android! zib zib zib zoub zoub zoub
NAN LA PTITE FILLE! LA TETE DE NEUILLE! tabassez le les gnomes!
gloire au taxman et gloire a l'argent, je hais le manoir!
CASH CASH CASH!
Good monsters? yuh
Good visuals? yuh
Good difficulty? yuh
Good mostly-everything? Yuh
I've been playing with my friends and its so funny. The things you can get up too whether its "harmless" fun in the shops. Or Imminent danger around the comer. There's always something to laugh about. The mechanics can be a bit silly at times but nothing a little team work cant fix. What I love most about this game is all the little detail. They definitely cared about this game and it shows. With the funny photos. To what seems like the endless variety of items there's always something new to look at.
wolf milk
blind man is king von.
most fun I've had with a game in this genre. I had doubts because of the shit post looking banner but its really fun. Plays really well. Cant even think of 1 bug I've run into so far. I give it a 9/10. really want to see updates with more monsters / creatures and such later.
best way to play this for the first time is with a group of friends without any spoilers if you can.
The game is really fun. Lots of funny moments and kinda is like Lethao Company with physics
fajna gra, tylko jak grasz z kolegami. Fajne jest Zachowanie i
Polecam z serduszka
best game oce
Very good, love being trampled by a duck (fuck the duck)
fun
It's way too enjoyable for its genre because it's more forgiving with a good difficulty curve
dd
Tutorial and 1 solo level. Can already tell this is going to be good! Worth the money, go buy it and have fun.
muy bueno
The Giant Evil Head Scary.
Joguei por 4h seguidas a compra e sinceramente foram as melhoras 4h que tive em anos!
Fazia muito tempo que eu me divertia tanto e tao genuinamente quanto me diverti com esse jogo. A com os amigos torna tudo mais sinceramente estou me sentindo um adolescente novamente!
Comprem, o jogo num muito e tenho certeza que se arrepender.
money bag op weapon
(
skibi
This game is absolutely hilarious.
yay
Might be a simple game but it is fun as hell and funny. Has points where you will be crapping your pants while a monster stalks you, its a 9/10 game for me for sure. However DO NOT PLAY SINGLE PLAYER! The only bad thing about the game is the Single Player mode.
10 10
Fun game to play with peeps. Def worth the buy ^
1242385 244632835 274223323 284634237 37483465382
so much fun and so many monsters
Incredibly fun and hilarious. Good challenge and numerous different enemy types to spice it up. Character animations are simple and funny, some of the best laughs you'll get is from chatting shit with your mates while their head moves like a bin. Absolute class game, looking forward to more content i just hope it doesn't ruin this formula because it's damn near perfect as it is.
10
10 10
;
To be honest, I'd rather spend my money buying seven copies of this game for me and my friends than drop $70 on yet another COD. <3
Cool ass game
elmas diye beni tutup
used my friend as a jbl speaker, then got obiliterated by a blind old man, 10/10 would do again
Great game
Once again. this is what i would call a streamer game.
The entire idea of this game is to get reactions out of you and your friends when situations arise due to monsters, the chaos caused and/or situations that arise between teammates.
After that, this game is honestly. barely a game.
if i had to give the gameplay a term. id call it lacking?
There really isn't alot going on with the game at all, get items, try not to break them, try to get them to extraction while not getting killed by monsters
In short this game has the same deal to an extent as lethal company, grab items, bring em back to the sell points, try not to get murdered by monsters
If you do play this game, play it with mates or just don't bother at all as the fun of the game is the reactions from your friends
Add Robot Sex
sexy ass game. u need 6 balls to play :) 00 00 00
this game is very good guys i mean its fun and scary at the same time. just u should play it with your friends. it have a singleplayer mode too but the fun part is playing it with ur friends.
Honestly pretty good game personally id smash the tax man hes probably a 10/10
very good, very fun.) ( Idian Accent.
Add gorillas
Bra.
incroyable
This is one of the funniest item collector game I've ever played and has so much more to come as it updates but even with what it is now it is a top notch game to play along with friends, Similar to the extra player upgrade book a monster healthbar upgrade would be a nice addition so players can tell how many hit points it takes to kill certain monsters.
amazering game real real real
sehr lustig vor allem mit den behinderten Freunden
Genuinely an awesome and fun game to play with friends, its silly, fun, and difficult in just the right ways. Crazy to think that this is an early version of the game. Can't wait to see what comes next
also add sex
fun
incredible game! its very fun to play with a group, and needing to work together to lift certain things adds a sense of teamwork if not already, and its overall fun to watch AND play. I do have a few problems though, like the stamina being incredibly low and depleting so fast it'll make you think you're playing on granny mode, and some monsters being kinda buggy or just really hard to deal with(cough cough robe, cough cough alien thing), but the overall fun aspect of the game helps even it out by a longshot. I love this game and i would recommend it to people who like games such as content warning, phasmophobia, and lethal company, one of the best steam games i've played recently, 10/10 game.
28
This is not a scary game when you play with your friends. But if the dev allows checkpoint when you die at solo so you dont loose all your progress which make the game even more fun better than rage quieting the game and delete it.
1 10
Best co-op game ever produced.
Very enjoyable, decent learning curve, good amount of random bullshit to keep things interesting. All round pretty solid.
5 5
funny af
veselo
peak, wish it had chievos
Funny with friend sadly i dont have friends :(
Best lowbudget game in this decade so far! <3
physics
:)
yes
very FUN GAMES.i wish more updates coming sonn are insane or mid blowing
Single player is quite boring. I don't have any friends so I can't play co-op. I miss the random matchmaking mode. please make coop with random players
Yes.
Just yes.
and Omg fun.
Warning: PLAY IT WITH FRIENDS for FULL EFFECT! or enemies.
text to speech = good game
This game is just pure laughs and a couple jumpscares.
I want Egypt map, Monster mummy
Very nice eyes and ytumble arms fliailing around lol
Bardzo fajna gra
Podoba mi mechanika gry
uga buga
i dropped a 40k item and broke my monitor, good game
Un peu le quand les monstres restent bug, ou bien qu'ils tout simplement de diviser la valeur de ton chariot par 2, et quelques surprises quand tu es au level 1 et qu'il y a une de 4monstres, sinon, sinon. bon jeu
OBSESSED
From scary spooky horror game in level 1 to literally Doom Eternal smh lmao
This is what they did to my possessions
good
Amazing game, so much fun with friends. Look forward to seeing what the devs add!
its benger i never seen game that was hella funny best game in 2025
SOO good game veryyy funny i laugh so much
peak
very fun that is all you need to know
REPO is pretty great and while it's just another in the long line of lethal company type games it's a notable one at that. REPO's gameplay and style make it unique among the line of these types of games which makes it fun. Pushing the cart around and trying to keep the loot from losing value is a pretty solid mechanic and the procedurally generated maps also bring a lot of fun to the levels. The three maps they have so far are pretty solid and the shop has fun items which in the late game can bring the game to a whole new level. Overall it's a pretty solid lethal-type game and when it gets its full release I hope it's even better. 8/10
Buenardooooo
ye
This game is not what I ever expected within it's multiplayer extraction genre.it's way better than advertised.
Keep in mind that this game can be played SOLO but it is best done with friends. Actually, it was my partner who pulled me into playing this game, otherwise I would have never expected to have this absurd fun.
You can play this game alone, but it is better to do it with friends or friends of friends. This is the new Uno, it will bring the worse in people so be ready.
Controls are easy to understand. Some objects you can buy in the store are not explained what they do but I think that's the part of the discovery vibe that this game is providing.
I think you should just try the game, trust me you won't regret it.
I'm giving it 10 ducklings outta 10 (if you know you know)
Despite being in early access, REPO feels like a lot like a finished product well worth its low price. It's rare to see a co-op game that encourages teamwork in such a natural way: instead of cheaply punishing the players for not sticking together, the physics-based gameplay rewards creative solutions to challenges that are hard to overcome alone - like lifting a player into a normally unreachable area, or literally using "strength in numbers" to overpower an enemy.
The enemies are all (mostly) very well designed, each one serving a distinct purpose and feeling well-balanced by being threatening, but not overwhelming. Paired with great level design and environmental variety, this makes for a great stealth and combat experience that keeps the scavenging gameplay engaging without turning overly stressful.
In other words, REPO is so good it almost makes me forget there's a laser clown that can one-hit-kill multiple players while destroying thousands of dollars worth of loot in the process.
Some things to note:
1. At the time of writing, the game has little to no permanent progression - all that's kept is your character color and whatever screenshots and clips you may be saving.
2. You can press the number keys to store an equipment item (eg. a weapon or a gadget) in your inventory, rather than having to carry it everywhere.
3. You can flush yourself in a toilet.
Fun with a Group of friends! hilarious moments will be had.
Lo por los ojos de los personajes
La mejor de mi vida
fuck the emoji
This game is crazy, on one hand it's awesome and on the other it's hard, I recommend it
imo it's better than lethal company, both compatibility and gameplay wise since i don't feel like "hhhhh fugg how do i get out of this stupid helmet looking filter", or "i wanna alt f4 because i feel like having frame drops in my brain".
10 10
najlepsia hra
Mobbing simulator auf anderem level aber nur wen man freunde hat
puedo matar ciegos
juegazo divertidisimo sobre todo con amigos
Fun game :D
very Good game
Absolutely an amazing game! Love seeing my friends getting scared whenever we see all the monsters or even just by hearing weird noises haha highly recommend this game and 100% worth buying
W
So funny game ya
+:
✅ Intense and disturbing atmosphere
✅ Unique horror design
✅ Impressive use of sound
-:
❌ Gameplay can get a bit repetitive
Rating: 7.5/10
Robe best monster 10/10
40 30
Good aye
Soundpad Demo!
made gaming fun again
This game is hilarious
R.E.P.O. -
Your friends are the best shield.
simple minded fun.
Dop dop
out of all the lethal company type games, this is the best
amazing game. it is not horror at all. funny as hell!
10/10 made me have trust issues with friends holding items
:D
Lethal Company,
-80%
regdoll
FUN GAME!
Absolute peak, well deserving of its' popularity. Though, not too sure about the emoji mascot, the robots are iconic enough to make a good mascot.
Dare I say better than lethal company
Best
i have never been so simultaneously pissing my pants scared from the monsters and pissing my pants laughing at the goofy little avatars.
10/10 would recommend.
10 10!
My goal is to become the monster and act like I dont know nobody.
Really fun game, can be chaotic but that's the fun of it. Still has a lot of bugs to fix.
repo
jogo legal
I find myself getting way more angry at this game than any competitive shooter I've played. Not for me.
Is good game.
-
fun with friends
"lethal company with physics, content warning with logic"
tapped friend with a mug and they Exploaded, 10/10
Nice
[h1]I suppose the devs knew plopping a cursed emoji on the banner would make the game sell like hot cakes. Good thing the game is actually good, and earns those sales to boot, otherwise I'd be mighty pissed.[/h1]
But for real, that cursed emoji is not a good look for your game, guys. I almost wrote this off because of it, even in spite of the game looking decent beyond it, and I probably would never have touched it if not for the fact that everyone I know is playing it (and I was bought it as a gift). I think it clashes with the style of the game immensely, especially because everything else works so nicely together, and it's a solid foundation for something incredible.
Right now, my biggest complaint is when you get late into a run, you kinda hit a stalemate where you can avoid the monsters forever, and also never be able to progress, so you're forced to let the monsters kill you to restart. At least, that's how my first full run went. Maybe I missed something. That's about all I need to say, however.
LINGA GULI GULI GULI
A Huntsman came by.
Me and my GF hides under a table.
I look slowly at the Huntsman and then slowly back at my GF.
I do this very well having an idea what I look like.
I keep doing this until a little laugh cracks out.
The Huntsman attacks my GF.
I was in front and dies.
Worth it.
10 10
Very goofy
very demure
GOTY
so guud
there are no characters i can goon to in this game. not recommended
Si
beast game
worth all the 7 copies i had to give, especially if they are all autistic friends
I absolutely love this game. I can't get enough of it.
The emoji thing makes this game look like a cheap cashgrab. Please reconsider changing it to the trashcan dude or something.
The game itself is good.
fun
muy bueno
Delicious game, ignore the logo.
its cool
this game genuinely just brings me joy. its like lethal company on ster0ids.
super fun to play with friends and scream your head off (literally). also a fun sandbox solo mode where you can test stuff. overall, great experience and highly recommend
360
A man came up to me. I think he was blind. I had to cough. then got shot! 10/10
yes
big spooky
Similar to lethal company but with its own charm, is honestly a ton of fun and makes ya laugh and rage the further you get in the game. Has some quality of life features that lethal company did not such as reviving dead players, no time limit, upgrades to the players stats such as strength, stamina or even health and last but not least enemies feel pretty fair and have yet to see any instant kills from enemies and having high health will allow you to survive even the strongest of attacks!
Personally i loved lethal company but repo might be my new fave, though i still will play and enjoy lethal, its good to see another game like it but with its own charm and style!
Would heavily recommend, great game for a group of friends to enjoy!
I love the emoji avatars,
Gud Game
shitty coding random spawns that dont make sense
[Intro]
Yeah, baby
Ayy
[Chorus]
I want you to be mine again, baby, ayy
I know my lifestyle is drivin' you crazy, ayy
I cannot see myself without you
We call them fans, though, girl, you know how we do
I go out of my way to please you
I go out of my way to see you
And I want you to be mine again, baby, ayy
I know my lifestyle is driving you crazy, ayy
But I cannot see myself without you
We call them fans, though, girl, you know how we do
I go out of my way to please you
I go out of the way to see you
I ain't playing no games, I need you
Running for my life, screaming bloody murder as my friends drop like flies all around me. But you know, if I can get back to the truck I'll have more money than I've ever seen in my life before.
Best evenings I've spent in quite some time.
:D
its the best horror game on steam
Very fun and sometimes scary game. I once died to a baby throwing a money bag at me and my friend watched as he was hiding under the table.
Watched my friend get shot, i proceeded to laugh and got immediately shot
LIKE
tuck and roll
A fun game with friends
If you liked Lethal Company you will enjoy this more.
Taki amongus ale mozna bic nwm o co chodzi
played tutorial, emoji face already freaked me out. Played the first level ran into a baby that threw another baby at me ran away, hid in corner. Had a flash back "mumma did not raise no bitch" gathered some courage and hit the baby with a dive attack the baby it threw chased me and i died 10/10
Que buen juego! neta!
i love this funky little game
Such a fun and comedic game! Chaos happens when you least expect it!
Probably the funniest and best multiplayer game of this year by far! Each session is different when playing with friends and we always come across a moment where we just laugh our asses off. I really love the idea of changing the players voices in the game too. Makes it unique to the other games. 10/10 would recommend getting this game. Trust me, it'll be the best $10 you'll ever spend. Just make sure you have someone with good WiFi ;)
rgf
I WILL SOLVE THE LORE OF THIS GAME I WILL
Friend did not want to wear headset
Friend was hiding behind me
Friend mic echo'ed game sound
I got blasted by blind man instead of friend
Friend laughed
Friend died
10/10
snolli is gay
2025 game ofo the yaer i llove this stupid game
An old man shot a bunch of colored people stealing his stuff 10/10 (Very accurate description)
Played with the fam and had a lot of fun, we played for 3 hours.
it great
YO THEY FOUND USSSSSSSSSSSSS
So much fun!
good
16 30 36
5
Fun game and chaotic when you play with a lot of people lol! I love this.
sorta funny but it doesn't have achievements and i keep breaking everything i frickin touch. apparently this is a me problem, not a game problem, but whatever.
peak
Esta divertido, no hemos podido pasar del 3er nivel pero esta gracioso like
i love slamming enemies into the ground recommended for those who want to smash said monsters
ye
Great co-op horror game and full of laughs. Huge recommend
smecher
RAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
The only real gripe I have so far is the excessive use of emojis. Cringe. Everything else about this game is pretty great, especially the text to speech.
Si
El juego es super divertido con los panas.
Que relajante la del inicio Owo 10/10
bardzo fajna gra polecam
9/10
Very good
This shit fun asf
perhaps
good
very repo
muy bueno para jugar con amigos
R.E.P.O would probably be more fun with other players if I knew anyone on steam, but playing solo is actually fun and challenging too! The game is well made and more people should try it
jbl
amazing game, better than lethal company which says a lot
cool
Tremenda obra maestra, te corre en una patata y aparte te cagas de la risa si juegas con amigos, tiene muy buenos creativos de enemigos y muy buen sistema de mapas. 10/10
fun
Hilarious & Challenging. The bigger the group, the more fun.
360
Hard to understand at first but then again I have 2 braincells that both are trying to get 3rd place in my mind. A lot better with friends and overall worth the price 11/10.
e gaaaad
better version of lethal
Muito me diverti muito jogando com os meus amigos
Absolutely phenomenal. I cannot stress how amazing this game is to play with not only friends, but alone as well. Every run is a unique experience due to every game having different level layouts and different monsters. I can confidently say that this is one of the only games with multiplayer that I will happily play alone due to the sheer amount of content and fun this game has and brings me. The proximity voice chat combined with the goofy characters and physics make for such a unique and hilarious gaming experience that has me so hooked, I can't stop playing once I start.
I can't wait to see what the future of R.E.P.O. has in store.
Amazing work Semiwork!
Fun games to play with your friends
Type Shit
dfazdxftygui0o-
As a certified wimp who enjoyed Content Warning, but thinks Lethal Company is too scary, this game is surprisingly scary fun instead of scary nope for me. The audio cues and a couple of the enemies are pretty scary. However, the silliness does help in this instance and it's better with a good group of friends. The controls are easy enough to pick up. Once you get used to the sorts of horror that spawns in, the game play is quite simple. We had to team wipe after all our items were destroyed by enemies on the last extraction after about 10 rounds of successes. Connection was great and rarely any bugs (most of which had to do with enemy pathing colliding with moved items). I'm pleasantly surprised to say that I'm a fan of this one.
good
AMAZING GAME
needs laughing emoji as an enemy. It laughs at you, it forces you to laugh, and then you both laugh louder and louder until it attracts another enemy. and then it headbutts you really hard before anything else can steal it's kill :)
Best co-op I've ever played!
Im going to pee
fun and hard to play
reccomended
1000
at first i saw the emoji logo and thought and didnt really think much of it but then i saw videos of the gameplay and it seemed really fun so i got it and in my opinion R.E.P.O is an S tier pick for a game, way better than lethal company
so funny
This game is some of the most fun i've had with a party game pretty much ever. It's hilarious, far better balanced and fair compared to another entry into this style of genre and it's an amazingly fun time.
m o n e y
cara mabar gimana cuy?
le le le le le
WAY BETTER THAN LETHAL COMPANY BY A LONG SHOT! My girlfriend and I can't help but have stupid fun on this game! 20/10 game! Highly recommended! Game of the year?
SUPER FUN
play with freinds
i saw lebron's veiny dihh playing this game 10/10
w
BEST GAME WITH MULTIPLAYER
bean
Famous last words: "NO! IT CAN'T END LIKE THIS!" *BOOM*
Seloco compensa jogar esse jogo! Maravilhoso de e o pior banner de todos os tempos, parece um joguem.
game should get controller support. hopefully soon please. i dont need it but there are people who want to play who do
game is fun but i agree with the general consensus that the emoji thing gives off the impression that the game itself is low effort. thematically it makes sense because the "narration" and communicating with the thing that is sending you places is done through emojis (which is kind of clever because then you dont have to translate it) but still, it has virtually nothing to do with the gameplay, there's not like an "emoji" enemy in the game, so it doesnt really make sense. it's like if the lethal company had that tentacle monster that takes your scrap on the steam shop dashboard
its not annoying in that it wants to present itself as "a hard game" that makes you nearly powerless because you can outsmart the monsters, sometimes fight them and survive, and you can revive your friends mid game, and all of those things make it more fun to me because i don't care about valuing my life and the game doesnt focus on the fail-state. it is however still a roguelike, and the only thing i kinda wish is that there was something that could carry over between games even if it was something meaningless like a hat
just buy it seriously
Mi changuito
is good
would there be animations here
New crazy hilarious moments created every time you start up a game with friends. The monsters appear out of no where. 10/10 would recommend & for 10 bucks its a steal. Would be awesome if they implemented online servers.
DOPE GAME!
Ta bueno
better than tethal lumpany
me watching the green plate evaporate as i set it down very lightly
jogo muito bom, divertido para um caralho perfeito para uma madrugada com amigos! cada mecanica uma mais que a outra, os enimigos cada um com uma mecanica unica. entre outros elogios, mas eu particulamente achei o jogo enjoativo, se acustuma com o jogo rapidamente, ou seja um jogo para jogar com amigos em uma madrugada, sozinho nao vale tanto a pena
nota geral: 6/10
SCARY AF TY
my friends and i like to pretend like we'll get past round 4 and break things along the way teehee
fun
fun game to be kinda stupid in
If you feel like loading into a game and dying immediately with no means of protection, then this is the game for you. It is unbelievably challenging to even play one single night of this stupid game. Please make this game playable.
In the vast landscape of gaming, few titles manage to capture the essence of community and innovation as profoundly as R.E.P.O. by Semiwork. This co-operative horror experience not only immerses players in its unique gameplay but also stands as a testament to the power of developer-community collaboration.
From its inception, R.E.P.O. has distinguished itself with a blend of humor and horror, creating an environment where players can engage in both thrilling and comedic scenarios. The game's physics-based interactions, such as the challenge of maneuvering a grand piano through a cramped mansion, exemplify this unique blend. Even Zeekerss, the creator of Lethal Company, acknowledged the game's charm, stating, "Everyone in the group working together to move a grand piano through a cramped old mansion without scraping is like the most funny objective for a horror game."
Beyond its innovative gameplay, Semiwork's dedication to active development and community engagement shines brightly. The developers have consistently sought feedback, addressing concerns and implementing features that resonate with their player base. In a heartfelt community update, they humbly admitted, "Our game REPO kinda blew up," and earnestly sought advice on improving matchmaking lobbies, showcasing their commitment to refining the gaming experience in collaboration with their community.
This symbiotic relationship between Semiwork and its players has not gone unnoticed. The game boasts an "Overwhelmingly Positive" rating on Steam, with 96% of over 35,000 user reviews reflecting admiration and support.
In an industry where the bond between creators and players can sometimes feel distant, Semiwork's approach with R.E.P.O. is both refreshing and heartwarming. Their active engagement and genuine consideration for player feedback have cultivated a community that feels heard and valued. This collaborative spirit not only enhances the game but also strengthens the communal ties that make gaming such a cherished pastime.
In conclusion, R.E.P.O. is more than just a game; it's a celebration of what can be achieved when developers and players come together in pursuit of a shared vision. Semiwork's dedication to continuous improvement and heartfelt community engagement serves as an inspiring model for the gaming industry, reminding us all of the magic that happens when passion and collaboration intertwine.
A fantastic entry into the growing horror co-op "salvage extraction" genre. As many have said already, don't let the banner fool you into thinking this is another low effort asset flip, this game was crafted with care, and the developers seem ready to listen to player feedback for future updates. The game has a lot of content right out of the box for an early access title, and yet it still seems to be brimming with loads of potential that could easily carry it for a long time. It's actually really surprising to me how lightweight and polished the game is too for being in early access, I haven't encountered any major or noticeable bugs, and haven't really had any network issues.
What Lethal Company succeeded at was creating the perfect balance between tension (the horror) and release (the comedy), and it seems to be a common pitfall among other games of this genre that they lean too heavily on the tension aspect without providing ample room for the release. In my opinion, R.E.P.O. has absolutely managed to capture that perfect balance twice over; once in the gathering/"lights on" phase where everyone is running around gathering scrap, and again in the escape/"lights off" phase where there's a mad dash for the exit. Making a successful retreat by the skin of your robot teeth is cause for celebration, but even dying and failing the mission produces hilarious results, as you often meet your end in comedic situations. Having the comedy cut through the horror is one of the most critical aspects of games like these, and it manages to do it without sacrificing any gameplay elements.
One of the greatest additions to the genre is the ability to revive players, so long as you manage to reclaim their heads with each scrap extraction. Being able to bring spectators back into the game keeps everyone on their toes and adds to the core gameplay loop, and can even incentivize some pretty risky plays in the event of a lone survivor hoping to bring [i]everyone[/i] back for an intense and triumphant escape. Making it so player death is not a final thing adds to a lot of this game's excitement, and it's done in such a way that doesn't trivialize the concept of player death.
What I would love to see in the future, beyond more maps, monsters, items, and other gimmicks added by the devs, would be some form of workshop support. It sounds like the devs are looking to support this game for quite some time, and I'm absolutely looking forward to whatever they cook up with it. Absolutely recommend!
JBL
DO NOT PICK UP THE DUCK
First game, just bought the game and joined on the same day. Bros were playing so I played without knowing wtf I'm doing. Within the first 10 minutes of the game encountered a monster I ran into a hiding spot with my friend monster came to us, I didn't die and I was like "ooh my god bro that was scary man right? Hey bro u oka- OHHH GOD THEY KILLED HIM OH MY GOOOODDDDD NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO." 10/10 would sacrifice my friends for my survival.
;-) ).
ns
Me encanta, a solas es horriblemente dificil, pero con el equipo es bien divertido
El juego es muy bueno. Solo hay 1 gran problema y es que una vez todo tu equipo muere, regresas al nivel principal por lo que ya no te dan ganas de seguir jugando. Es muy tonto que no checkpoint para volver a intentar jugar el nivel que te quedaste.
i liek money
Yes
My best
the game isn't that hard, the friends you choose to bring change the difficulty of the game.
game mad funny
egg
Ta chido y todo, pero sin amigos no siento lo mismo ptm
Es sumamente entretenido jugarlo con gente y pese a que se complica conforme al nivel, es sumamente divertido
3
funny android man disables other android man with cart while they go shopping in zombie apocolypse. 10/10
*you're alone and so close to quota
*grabs item worth 2,500
*explodes for absolutely NO reason
(
good
hacking paradise it would seem. also sucks you cant find match without busting your balls
Very fun
Yeah game is comp
no merece el review positivo
Funny!
super fun co op horror with a heavy-leaning goofy side. great with friends
Excellent Des barres de rire :).
Je conseille vivement et avec des potes
we got to the second extraction point and had everything set. only to be killed on the way back to the ship. i also threw my friend around several times.
10/10
hard to understand at first
monsters were scary at first
then when you get used to it, nothing is really scary anymore
monsters and newbie friends just get annoying and eventually you WILL get bored
BUT this is experience is recommended, truly
10/10 being the worst mover and breaking all the things while everyone screams at me. It's never been more fun to throw my friends or myself at walls and bottomless pits. This is Lethal Company but way more fun.
Muy divertido
Andrew Li from ASU
98
Buh?
It's like Lethal Company if Lethal Company was still fun. Worth the $10 and can't wait to see what comes next from this game!
Absolutely recommend! My favorite game to play and I LOATHE horror type games! This one keeps me laughing and screaming all the time!
lethal
fun
Muitoo bommmm
BEST game better then any steam game
-
explosions
game
love it def worth the try
baozinho
10/10
very good
X / X
this game is fun if u hate ur self
Fun With Friends
Second Best game of 2025 easily behind GTA 6
Kill that fucking baby, i hate it
Love the game. Hate the duck.
goty
SI JUGAS SIN BENJAMIN TODO GOD
very fun
I would give this game a Mixed recommendation if that was possible, but I'd like to address the things I like and dislike about this game:
- PROS -
I really like the physics that this game has and the whole idea of working together to carry valuable items around without breaking it, very fun mechanic.
It's really fun with friends, but what game isn't nowadays?
- CONS -
Server issues causing me to get "CLIENT DISCONNECT" in the middle of a playthrough several times, I only got to play like 1 - 2 rounds without disconnecting, it doesn't matter who's hosting, I tried hosting, my friend tried hosting and we still get disconnected no matter what.
The stamina regen is absurdly slow, there are stamina upgrades in the game that will increase your stamina points, but I just want faster stamina regen, it's just dreadful to wait for stamina to regenerate.
If you or a teammate dies you will be severely punished when revived: You respawn with 1 HP, so you're better off just standing AFK at the start instead of being in the way of your teammates only to die again, which is very unique from most extraction games, but unique doesn't always mean that it's a good thing.
- - -
I might pick this game up again in the future, but as of right now the bad outweighs the good, at least for me personally, I just don't feel like this game clicks for me as much as Lethal Company did.
Awesome, way better than Lethal in my opinion. Def a must buy if you have friends!
Good times.
good game
10/10
is good, needs some work but is good
Very fun games with friends and very moddable
Honestly one of the funnest games I've played in a while. If you're looking to play a hilariously funny horror looting game solo or with friends, this is the game for you!
One thing you need to add in the game is you can play with randoms in the game if anyone wants to play with me add me and I will invite you to the game
[h1] Geeked Up Reviews: 4.75/5 [/h1]
[h2] Hand Picked Kush Award [/h2]
[h3] *DISCLAIMER* [/h3]
All review scores are indicative of my personal enjoyment of the game and are not meant to be taken into consideration for the quality of the reviewed game(s). A negative review means I genuinely came away from a game feeling as if I had wasted my time.
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Sigma emoji brah
me fui 1 minuto a servirme coca y cuando vuelvo se me murio todo el equipo, increible experiencia del orto, lo jugaria de vuelta
it good
Camera sensitivity is so scuffed I couldn't even look around. Never refunded a game so fast, basically unplayable.
R.E.P.O
10 10/10 100/10
goofy game with goofy robots doing stuff similar to lethal company
Love this game!
perfect amount of scary luv it
Really fun game with friends and the proxy chat just adds to the hilarious factor of your boys being terrified of the monsters all while upgrading yourself and trying to extract valuables to push how far you can get. Definitely worth checking out and it's really a pretty cheap game for the good times you'll get out of it.
This shit is fire
Remove rugrat. No one likes him. Add something else annoying. Like there were so many times that we got close and then he grabs the last object available and breaks it.
This game is hilarious and addictive and has nowhere to go but up from here! Can't wait to see how it grows
absolute banger, it's [fire emoji]
this game made me die
i always die
A game where running, hiding, and cowering in fear is not only a valid solution; it is the intended solution!
Love being the husband who stays back guarding the shopping cart while my wife fends off danger to find all the little trinkets. The old man with the shot gun judges me for this, but unlike him, I can go up and down stairs.
I love this goofy little game lol. I wish there was a little guide for how to deal with different enemies and using items, but it's addicting either way! One of the few games I can play while I have a bad migraine, surprisingly. Dark and mostly quiet. Aside from friends nuking my tinnitus with bombs in the shop menu.
10/10
20
Funny game where i get to pick on old people, babies, and head butt my friends. 10/10
Play to face death by a thousand gnomes and also a murderous rubber duck
man i love league of legends
Giving it thumbs down in hopes it will reach devs. Love the game but the mob that is in the ceiling, the big eye that pulls your sight to it and deals dmg. WAAY to hard to break line of sight/look away from it, if you are not in a small room or close to furniture its impossible to break line of sight. And if you cant find the door out you are dead. Played singleplayer and got quite far with good money and i come to a big open room without anything to hide in/behind. Since the players POV zoom into the eye its quite hard to move away from it. Yes i can just walk backwards but in the midst to zoomed POV and not being able to look away it is quite hard to find the doorway and walk out.
Other than that 10/10 game <3
funny
Most fun I had on PC in a while.
Love the gameplay and mechanics, the movement is clean and good pyhsics. overall a good game with friends
JOGO BOM DE MAIS
me like it yes yes yes yes yes go buy it
Best game
buen juego para jugar con amigos que quieran jugar un buen juego, recomendado 100%
It's like if amnesia and lethal company had a demented baby that they dropped over and over again on its head at birth.
sub to kitchenette
o emote e meio cringe mas e muito bom 9/10
REPO
This game sucks my a.s.s and c.o.c.k
ketchup
love this game quite a lot.
my only wish is for more levels to play in, and for more funny items to mess with
IGNORE THE EMOJI THUMBNAIL, THIS GAME IS PEAK
fun with friends
amazing game
hehehe ha
very fun, if u dont enjoy. u dont like fun
Very good
Beware of the double door glitch
thumb
10/10 I can throw my friends into monsters
- 7500!
-
- 3900!
-
-
Un juego para jugar con amigos, cada detalle aun que parezca un error le dota de personalidad al juego. Aun que no es una original de ellos la supieron desarrollar y llevar un poco
Soundpad
What are you doing with this gormless emoji mascot when you've got the cute lil garbage can muppets right there?
friendslop for friend maxxing
game crashes like all the time for no reason and the buttons dont rlly work tried uninstalling and many other things not sure what to do
Find loot with friends, Die to scary monster, Laugh about dying with friends, then Repeat. Yep, this is the type of brainrot I've been looking for!
game good
W
10 10
If you know somebody named comet dont let them touch the "cart" or anything that F*ING explodes
yes
Fun Game
good
Es como lethal, pero te sabes defender, sos todo terreno y para rematar, tu empresa te quiere
repo
Hella fun game
m ybones are made out of mycelium
very fun and sometimes a good way to have a laugh and be scared at the same time
Muito e divertido para se jogar com grupo fechado de amigos, creio que falte mesmo uma lobby online caso vc nao tenha amigos.
my friend matt is stupid
funniest game ever played, imo: a better version of lethal company. def worth your gold coins! WAY MORE FUN IF YOU PLAY WITH YOUR FRIENDS!
Great game with friends
BLA BLA BLA BLE BLE BLE BLU BLU BLU
am i deaf cause i cant hear a hoe come up and blast me till after im dead
awesome game, but do not void the cart, your friends will hate you
Yes
yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa boiiiiiii
I love R.E.P.O because of how unserious it is, like they have different little robot guys and they talk like the canadians in south park
skpooky
Really fun game with cute characters and nice aesthetics and gameplay, but the emoji mascot is horrible please do anything else.
Note to self: Don't touch the mines.
R.E.P.O men are coming to get you
I love the game, I got it in early access and I have nothing to say against it, Im excited for future updates to see what the devs come up with, I just got it 3 days ago and already have 11 hours o nit, everything is amazing, the map generation & design, the weapons and upgrades, the Entities and especially the reality of when you bump into something it can break, or hurt you!
Definitely play this game, absolutely recommended!
i really like this game but PLZ FOR THE LOVE OF GOD ADD PUBLIC HOSTING :(
Seriously some of the most fun I've had on a game in a very long time! As long as you have friends to play with this game is a no brainer!
Entertaining and fun
I was told to get this game and I barely played with others, Hooray! gonna do solo or something idk
beac
actually so fun bruh
Not sure how I feel about the floating head and the swollen headed monk guy. You should add an evil santa or the grinch. Spice it up a bit more. 12/10 game. Much good times with this one.
I thought to myself that this game was gonna be just another Lethal Company and that's it. And to be fair it took quite a lot from that game, honestly. But it did NOT copy the game in it's entirety at all, it just took what was nice about it and mixed with some "unique" mechanics involving physics and some stealth (Kinda like Outlast Trials did but less serious), and it's funny style does NOT take from it's fear factor and in fact, uses it TOWARDS the fear factor by, in many cases, making you hide in plain sight by allowing you to get tiny and stay in a corner praying they do not see you.
Was not expecting this level of depth in this game. It came out suddenly and was a VERY pleasant surprise.
A *MUST* have, for sure.
yes bruh i had to tell my cousin to play with me\
Best Purchase of my Lifeee
geistes krank geil mit freunden XD
fun as heck party game
amazing! i havint felt this horror sense outlast 1, playing solo at least. most lobbys of randoms are trolls
good game
yes.
better than lethal company / content warning icl
very fun and enjoyable especially the face mechanics
very cute and fun
Si.
10 10
I normally do not care for these types of games. I do now.
better lethal company
good
game is awesome
literally JUST got the game today and spent 7 hours straight on it, honestly one of the best indi games so far of 2025, all of THIS in the game mearly for early access i cant wait to see what they will add next
fun silly
craZY
fun game to play with friends :D
cool game but can u add sandwich in concrete as item plea plsease please pealase
This game is so much fun I bought it for like all my friends and now im poor
I can say the N word :)
slim
if you like among us you will like this
ok i love the game but one probable is why do just play with your friends there should be servers
good
the hijinks you get into are so entertaining and even better with friends. def recommend.
Lethal is meat this is gas
i love this fucking game
god
Muy bueno.
fun game
funniest game aside from Lethal Comp. def worth the buy
bean
wwwwwwwww
fun game with friends and family
12 min y rompi algo
worth
Its that bird I hate
It's only scary when you stop laughing. I hate that damn duck, though.
game fun
-
its perfection
O JOGO TIPO AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA ai depois ele fica AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA e ai HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHA
bom demais celoko
buena
maek muni. muni gud. bi gud stuff. taxman happi :)
awesome game
skyler skylerrrrr, how the hell you gonna ooplesnoop, soda more like water, angle more like vertical, skyler more like tyler
so cool i plated for 12 hours
funny and just a allround good game
Just think of Lethal but better. In my opinion of course
A fun game to play with friends
only buy if u have friends
HELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLP
GUD GAMU
Esta de 10. Buenisimo para jugar con amigos. Realmente te pone en
Love the game! It's been super fun to unintentionally (maybe intentionally) troll my friends while hunting for valuables. Cool monsters and amazingly funny moments while staying alive and trying to not break the valuables
Very fun, the physics part of the game is absolutely hilarious. 10/10 recommend for both solo players and friend groups looking to play a horror-ish game.
it made me have sudden cravings to crawl back into my mothers womb for the third time.
my friends hurt me in ways i never thought imaginable.
Developers. i'm begging you. what ever you doing, new map, monster and more.
DO NOT FIX AMMO GLITCH
play with your friends you'll have a lot if fun until you get molested by a big black guy in a random room of a castle
Funny ASF
watched friend get lobotomized by a shotgun wielding blind man, 10/10 would reccomend
Super fun with friends! Similar to Lethal Company but better and more mechanics and problem solving.
good game
fire game
good
Funny AND a little scary, mostly funny.
Best part of the game is rocketing yourself at someone else.
10/10.
Super funny game to play with friend haha
its the voice chat that sold me on this game
its cool or something
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
Hehhehehe, clown go ZAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA, rugrat weaponizes toys, spewer makes u take another shower:P
hype game for black ppl
love it and funny lol
fun game :-)
This game has, and will continue to, cause multiple nightmares of my failed runs. 10/10.
Le he quebrado una taza en la cabeza a mi amigo y se ha muerto. 10/10
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Me haberlo comprado para tener la de hacer reembolso de esa mierda juego
Never made it as a blind man. Couldn't cut it as a poor man stealing.
great game 10/10
funni
good fun game 10/10
si
10/10
Totally friggin terrific
El juego genial. y tranquilos, no se alarmen por los requisitos minimos. En una laptop con un intel Core i3 7th de graficos integrados, 8 gb de ram y una ssd SATA va de maravilla. que si mi tostadora lo corre, la tuya :3
super optimizado
5 Estrellas al juego
yes.
Es demasiado GOD
Pretty cool. Character design reminds me of StoryBots lol! Loved that show as a kid.
it's not too late to change the mascot
Good
Funny
6
6/10
I must declare fellow gentlemen of this digital room that this is an exquisite masterpiece. And any opinions otherwise are outrageous
BOM
Funny ha ha game
This is such a fun game to play with friends! This game just got released and there is already so much assortment of monsters, items, and rooms in each level.
Definitely a great game to get clips for and definitely worth the $10
hilarioous
Extremely fun game to play with friends!
Incredible fun and absolute mayhem and hilarity!
SUPER FUN
Very very fun game. Can be challenging if you play solo but definitely doable. With at least 3 friends is when the game really gets fun. looking forward to different room types, more monsters, and new items
it's fun but it gets frustrating after a few funny games, RNG kinda screws you over from actually progressing and getting to buy any of the items they constantly show in store for you TO use, and you need to get a ton of upgrades to even have a fighting chance against monsters, i'm not saying that the game should be a cakewalk from the start, but there should be a difficulty measure per level to determine what monsters spawn so that we're not facing yet another 1 hit killer whenever we start a new game
i love this game
yes
my friend killed me before the monsters could
Literalmente correr y esconderse mientras recoges objetos. Miro a un lado, un sapo con cuchillos; miro al otro lado: gnomo, gnomo, gnomo.
Goofy ah should pick up duck always
No public lobbies, if u are a loser like me and friends aren't available to play, then you are by yourself. Apparently they disabled public lobbies due to hackers. Well that is indeed unfortunate, however me jumping on the hype train late results in me missing out entirely. The game is still fun i suppose when playing by yourself, however I wanted that group extraction horror experience that everyone was talking about. Until public lobbies come back i will have to give the game a thumbs down for now, will edit review in the future when they decide to make lobbies public again.
Mlk dei esse jogo de presente pro meu amigo e minha outra amiga, consegui escutar berros e xingamentos, de m0rte e tals, muito bom gente recomendo muito!
cant play a game without it crashing
Ay pasamela chichi
james goonzalez
I'd say this is the best game to play with friends. Like, ever. The singleplayer grind is also fun!
heres a tip dont pick up the duck
very fun
juegazo
jogo bobo odiei, recomendo
yes
Similar vibe to Lethal Company, but less serious. The eye and mouth movements of the robots are hilarious, and because they look like Story Bots, I feel like I am playing as Beep, Bing, Bang, Boop, and Bo's less successful cousins. I love the shop in between rounds as well as the battle arena. Text to talk it funny, and the item effects are genius.
My favorite map is Swiftbroom Academy and my favorite monsters are the gnomes and the invisible man.
wonderful
decent game, it is heavily inspired by Lethal but has a different feel & very unique character design very funny.
10 10
pra jogar com os amigos!
Me and my girlfriend have a lot of fun playing this together! our reactions to playing, flailing, sneaking around, running and being terrified is absolutely the best experience I haven't had in forever!
voice chat
fun to play with your friends, good jump scares and funny moments
Lethal Company but we're just straight up stealing shit (average youtube title)
uwu
it's fun
yeye
Nothing better than to die because I get pushed off a ledge into the void, then when I get revived, someone plays with a duck in my face and I get one shot by the blind guy. A split second of being alive.
11/10 would play again.
good game
good
pegue o pato, ele lindo.
I for one am a big fan of the emoji banner
MAD FUN
This is the best game i've ever played.
1000x better than lethal Company and Content Warning combined
Game has horrible fucking controls and enemy spawn rates need to be tweaked.
very good much better then lethal company
ts game lwk pmo bc why did the stupid ass grandpa with a gun spawn the second i loaded in and had my back turned and completely shot me in the head. ts game rigged. will def be playing again bc im a loser.
1 star all day everyday do not buy what a waste of money it was fun for an hour or two. You put up with the constant bugs and doors not opening for one teammate so they are stuck in the beginning room. If I could refund it I would! It may be good in a few months but then again its a game you will play for 4 hours and never touch again just stick to watching your favorite streamers play it and that is all it is good for!
good
its so arua
android bobo
100/10
funny with friends, you feel very useless sometimes when enemies spawn everywhere and all you can do is run away and hide, i feel like some things break a bit too easily and things cost so much for how much you earn each level- still fun for a few hours though.
no matchmake - this game requires friends
DUCk!
If you like getting spooked this is the game
11
muy divertido
si
really fire
goty
Dinguerie
Esta lindo el juego, es como Lethal Company pero 7 veces mas brain rot, me gusta el hecho de que pueda jugar con amigos o de manera Singleplayer para recordarte que no tienes amigos
Ademas, me siento identificado como persona de LATAM, entrar a robar a propiedades ajenas para conseguir dinero evitando ser capturando y asesinado
Lo recomiendo mucho.nada.eso.
its p good
Great game with friends.
Absolutely Hilarious
everything good about lethal company and adjusted to make it better
its pretty good. as it is, its very easy. i hope they fix some balance issues and make the monsters/extracts stronger in the future, but it's still very fun
great game with great feutures
funny fun fun
very silly, revolutionary, funniest game ive ever played
hehe
game good
R- really
E- existentially
P- political
o- o.
Lethal company but designed to be fun instead of random and masochistic.
this game is overall very funny and adds just the right amount of horror. 10/10
fun game to play with friends
also good for clip farming
Another certified banger by a smaller studio. It retains a similarity to lethal company but remains and is an entirely separate game with its own silly adventures and stupid moments of anger which make and or break friendships.
hayop ka busit ka jikjo adik
might be better than lethal
Al inicio si no sabes un carajos de no importa porque te vas a cagar de risa con tus amigos porque solo evidentemente te vas a aburrir xdd
lo recomiendo, corta
:)
i tried, i cannot play mouse keyboard. i need controller, if doesn't get controller ability its unplayable to me. ill try again if that ever happens. looks fun for anyone else who can play mouse keyboard. wish i could.
Jogo merda e fraco,lagado mau otimizado e lagado,alem de estar com problemas para e de audio,nao vale os 34 reais,alem de ser uma copia de qualquer jogo multiplayer dos ultimos 2 anos,sem sal e sem criatividade.
Fui esturricado pelo et bilu e o senhor farofa, valeu a pena.
One of the most fun games you can play with friends
poopoopoopoopoopo
throw your money at it, its worth it
very funny and so good! great time with friends
un juego muy entretenido y chistoso para jugar con amigos
So silly and so much fun. Can't wait to get more friends to play with me <3
At first, R.E.P.O seems like a simple asset-recovery game, but the more I played, the more I got drawn into its surreal atmosphere. The pixel art, though minimalist, creates a mysterious vibe, and the puzzle mechanics are quite engaging, even if they can feel a bit repetitive at times. If you enjoy artistic and thought-provoking indie games, this is definitely worth a try!
Absolutely hilarious game. Fantastic environment and enemy design. It can be scary when it wants to be but always funny too. I look forward to having many hours of fun with this one.
i think this games is freaking awsome but its definetly a game for friends solo is really hard after like rnd 2 but friends just make the expierence A. easier and B. way more fun
No mouse inversion controls.
+
+
+
+
-
-
Be ready to crap your pants thats all i gotta say
jogasso, muito bom jogar com os amigos, e mesmo se jogar sozinho ainda vai ter uma boa experiencia :)
De quoi VRAIMENT passer un bon moment avec ses amis le du jeu. On y passe des heures se tordre de rire
it a very fun and hilarious time! highly recommend you give it a go!
fantastic
B.E.P.O
very fun
GOTY
i love it and you will too.
Todo al semen
best survival horror game out there by a landslide. 11\10 would die again
dude my friend got kidnapped and I heard his scream get quieter as he was taken further away until I heard a boom and that was him getting shot. It's overall just a funny lethal company clone but not really a clone as its really different.
Um dos melhores e mais divertidos jogos de coop que joguei
very funny game definitely should get it also give me awards i want many points
repo
im dildo sosaling
fun with friends
use soundboard for fun times
rapo
very fun
suggestion add controller support
good
I have the capsule, Richard.
meeeow
The king Loser oat
very fun and funny
emoji mascot haters GTHO - it adds personality to the taxman and i like it
P.E.A.K
BOY, R.E.P.O.
I can barely breathe. My hands are convulsing, my pupils are dilated, my nervous system is in complete disarray. My entire perception of reality has been fundamentally and irreversibly altered by what I have just experienced. Words fail me. No, language itself is insufficient to convey the sheer magnitude of this this phenomenon, this epoch-defining, mind-altering work of art that has shattered the very foundations of my existence.
WOW. WOW. can this even be real? Who, or what, could have crafted something so utterly, devastatingly flawless? The moment the title screen faded in, I felt a disturbance in my very atoms. My body, my as though it had just been whispered the secrets of the cosmos. I was not playing a game; I was stepping into a new plane of consciousness, a level of awareness so heightened that my mortal flesh could barely withstand it.
And the MY GOD, THE CONTROLS. Listen to need you to understand. These are not just responsive. They are not just tight, not just fluid, not just perfect. They are prophetic. It was as if my thoughts were being processed before I could even formulate them. I was moving, dodging, interacting, all with the grace of a celestial being who had been training for this moment across infinite lifetimes. The buttons didn't feel like felt like extensions of my very will, seamlessly weaving my intent into the digital ether.
BOY. OH BOY. There was a an event, a rupture in my perception of I had to set the controller down, place my face in my hands, and breathe. Because I knew. I knew, in that moment, that I would never be the same. I felt my past self fading away, evaporating into a distant, naive echo of a man who had not yet experienced the light. What was I before this? Who was I? It matter anymore.
then it happened.
I transcended. No, I ascended. My consciousness ruptured the feeble limitations of my fleshly form and catapulted into a state of pure, unshackled enlightenment. I saw everything. Every moment of my life, past, present, and future, playing out before me in exquisite, crystalline detail. I saw colors that have no name, felt emotions that do not exist within the confines of human experience. I saw the fabric of the universe itself unravel, revealing the hidden truths that lie beyond our understanding.
And now? Now I am lost.
Because nothing ever compare. Food tastes bland. Air feels thin. The sun is dim. Every other game? A mere shadow of what I now know is possible. I have stared into the abyss, and the abyss gently cradled my face, wiped my tears, and whispered, "Welcome home."
But now I am cast out. Cast back into this dull, meaningless existence where nothing will ever reach the heights of what I have just experienced. I feel like a fallen angel, banished from paradise, condemned to roam the earth with the burden of knowing what true perfection looks like.
And so I sit here, weeping, trembling, typing these words with what little strength I have left in my mortal shell. I do not write this review because I want write it because I must. Because you, dear reader, must know. You must understand that this is not just a game.
It is a phenomenon. It is a revolution. It is the answer to questions mankind has not even learned to ask yet.
Great game, some of the most fun ive ever had in a game with my friends. the goal is simple but engaging, the character designs are hilarious, some of the monsters are scary, others totally hilarious.
in many games, the gameplay doesn't live up to the clips you see on social media, but this game is exactly as hilarious, scary, and engaging as advertised. 10/10 I hope it continues to get dev support for years to come, cause semiwork has a new fan here!
gud stuff?
juegazo con los reales
sin papus no es lo mismo. si quieren jugar con nosotros manden mensaje los que necesiten un grupito de amigos para pasarla chill
big scary guys munched and crunched me
No
funny 10/10
This game is so funny
They left me behind
it fun
Dying is even more fun then winning lol ITS SOOOO MUCH FUN!
i luv this game 3>
KSKSKSKSKSKS e mais oito "absorventes internos" em uma jornada insana, invadindo casas, castelos e passando a perna em idosos por dinheiro!
Caos, roubos e muita zoeira
Se quer um jogo que mistura humor, e momentos completamente absurdos, Repo a escolha perfeita. Com e um multiplayer cada partida uma diferente.
JOGO MUITO BOM MESMO!
very fun game to play with others
R.ep>o.
Juegaso
Bla bla bla ble ble ble blu blu blu blu ha blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu blu lu lu lu
great game
<3
Add sex
Good
con amigos. putear un rato? Tambien es tu juego.
W game
this game is so much fun to play.
tremendo bodrio, es una porqueria de juego y la gente que entra pareciera que tuvieran problemas mentales.
great game so far but needs some kind of match making
XDDD 10 10
R.E.P.O: 1
Lethal: 0
the bobblibg head. the big heead. it founds. for $
e
'
el pick de la idiotez, juegazo
gmaes galligan
Monotono y repetitivo aparte no me dejan reembolsarlo! altos giles
pretty sily
fun but idk why the logo is this nasty emoji
I like this game but dying can take several minutes to an hour to respawn. While I admit death should be a punishment I think there should be a way to do something beneficial for the players even after death.
Also if you break too many items in a level it can become impossible to complete it which again- is a skill issue on the players part however I feel there should also be ways to mitigate that beyond killing the monsters (which is near-impossible in singleplayer lobbies anyway.)
So my idea is to allow the people who are dead to respawn destroyed items. Probably through the use of a timer of some kind where spawning bigger more valuable items takes more time while smaller items cost less. You could also maybe factor in how close the broken item is to the currently active extraction point to make it so breaking stuff closer to the extraction isn't some weird sort of "dead meta" thing. (Like for example breaking an expensive item that spawned in the room before the active extraction point should take more "time" to respawn then to bring back an item across the map from it.)
Another idea is also some sort of "enemy radar" upgrade or even allow the dead chat to use points to ping the living's maps with current enemy locations. Overall this is a really fun game as is I just wish dying meant you could do more then wait or use the (admittedly funny) chat features. Another idea is again using the points/time system to let the dead chat speak to the living players through some sort of "garbled" intercom system which I also think would be really funny (and occasionally helpful maybe.)
Or if you don't want to do a mechanic like "time" (Which admittedly would be basically the same as waiting while dead) you could make them do some sort of minigame really fast like those card-matching games or a small maze to generate whatever it is you feel like doing.
I honestly even know where to start. This game has completely shattered my perception of reality and is, without a doubt, the greatest thing to ever exist in the history of mankind. Forget everything you know about games, because this one redefines what it means to be alive. The moment I hit "Start," I was not just playing a was experiencing life itself.
The gameplay is nothing short of transcendent. played games before, sure, but this just a game. a portal to another dimension where time and space lose all meaning. Every action I took, every choice I made, felt like it had a profound impact on the very fabric of existence. The controls? Perfect. Fluid. Effortless. Every button press was like the universe aligning just for me.
And talk about the graphics for a second. I swear, I could spend the rest of my life just staring at the screen. These visuals just a glimpse into the soul of the cosmos. Every world I explored felt like I was walking through a dream I never wanted to wake up from. The environments are so detailed, so breathtaking, I actually forgot what the real world looked like for a while. like the developers just make a created a new reality.
The soundtrack? never heard music like this in my entire life. not just background noise; an emotional journey. Each note felt like it was resonating directly with my soul. When I heard the main theme, I had to stop playing for a second because I game just entertaining me, it was changing me. It was like the music unlocked something deep inside me that I even know existed.
But what really hits home is the story. watched movies, read books, and consumed countless forms of entertainment, but nothing compares to the emotional rollercoaster this game took me on. It just a was my life, my hopes, my fears, all reflected in a beautifully woven tale that resonated on a level I think was possible. The characters felt more real than any human ever met, and their journeys became my own. By the end, I just playing the was living it.
I think ever be the same person after playing this game. not just a spiritual awakening. I now view the world with new eyes. Every day is filled with more purpose, more excitement, more meaning, all thanks to this one single experience. If I could give this game a higher rating than 10/10, I would, because beyond any number or scale. a revolution. the pinnacle of human achievement.
In short, this game is the best thing that has ever existed, and if you played it yet, not just missing out on a missing out on LIFE.
also,
Words cannot begin to describe the sheer magnitude of how this game has utterly and irrevocably changed my life. I went into it expecting a fun time, but what I got was nothing short of a spiritual awakening, a revolution, a transcendental experience that I can only describe as the meaning of existence itself. I used to think I understood what joy I played this game. Now? seen the light, and my entire worldview has been rewritten.
start with the gameplay. Calling it is almost an insult to what this game truly is. Every movement, every interaction, feels like it was meticulously designed by the gods themselves. The controls are so smooth, so intuitive, I honestly thought I had entered a state of nirvana where time no longer mattered. Each action became a form of art, a dance with the universe. I could feel the energy coursing through me as if I were one with the digital world itself. It's not just a game; it's a way of life.
And the graphics? Good Lord. These visuals are so astonishingly beautiful, they make the very fabric of reality feel dull in comparison. seen movies, I've seen paintings, seen the greatest art humanity has to nothing, absolutely nothing, could have prepared me for the beauty contained within this game. The world just breathes. Each environment feels more vivid than my own memories. as though the game somehow creates beauty with every pixel, every texture, every ray of light. If I ever find myself in a dark moment, all I need is a glimpse of this game, and I am instantly lifted into a state of euphoria.
Now, the soundtrack. If the game itself is a masterpiece, then the music is the divine symphony of the universe. It just background guides your soul. Each track is a hymn, a prayer, a life-altering melody that resonates with something deep within me. as if the very notes were crafted by celestial beings who understood the deepest emotions of the human heart. When the main theme played for the first time, I broke down in tears, not out of sadness, but out of sheer gratitude that I was lucky enough to witness such brilliance.
But the part where this game truly becomes a gift from the heavens: the story. Calling it "a story" is an is the narrative that defines existence. The plot, the characters, the not just things you follow; they are things you live. As the story unfolded, I found myself not merely experiencing was feeling them. The characters became my family, their struggles my struggles, their triumphs my own. I would have gladly sacrificed anything just to see their journeys unfold in all their glory. By the time I reached the finale, I felt as though I had lived a thousand lifetimes, learned every lesson, and reached the very pinnacle of human understanding.
played a lot of games in my time, but this? This a game. This is the culmination of everything humanity has ever strived for. not just enlightenment. not just pixels on a the very essence of existence.
Playing this game has forever altered my perception of reality. not just that I will never look at video games the same way again; I will never look at LIFE the same way again. If there were a higher rating than 10/10, give it without hesitation. This game is a a the universe. If you played it yet, do yourself a favor: Forget everything else, because your life is incomplete without this experience.
This is the greatest thing to ever exist in the history of existence, and to not play it is to deny yourself the very meaning of life.
Primeira vez que vejo uma tropa de android colorido contra a porra toda e fico rindo (por sinal meu amigo foi brutalmente molestado por uma flutuante) jogo massa 10/10
Terrible game. Not one ounce of fun to be had unless waiting around for 20 minutes doing nothing is your type of game.
Funny horror game, great with friends
I
comedy gold
el mejor juego de la decada
Divertido. achei um tudo
This game RULES. I can't speak to how fun it is when you're playing with a random group of folks, but my friend group has been obsessed with this bad boy, and it's no wonder. So much charm and well thought-out systems. It's a standout in this new genre. Can't wait for new maps!
lethal company but i always stay strapped
buen juego
swag
lingan guli guli
Sem refund! Vem tranquilo que o ALASTRO GARANTIDO.
Hilarious, yet hard, but so worth it.
Ta bueno mano, mas cuando grita mi amigo como morra china
muuuy bueno
I FUCKING NUTTED TO THUIS GAME
XD
yes
super fun, pretty spooky
Hell nah
top
very funny, devs are great at listening to community
Is good
7
REPOsadito
very funni game. good to play with frends. pick good people tho
El mejor juego que he probado con Lo re recomiendo <3
Robeussy
I THINK THIS GAME IS SO FUN and not a hassle play it buy support me on twitch and tiktokt rn or your reported
please make the dead head friend the ability to talk Great game
Don't believe these reviews! Wha? They are "overwhelmingly positive"?. Oh, Well then, believe away!
comparing this to lethal company, I find this game to be far superior in every way. its slower, there's no time limit in missions, and there's more variety in monster. its a lot of fun with others and plenty of ways to goof off. 10/10 would recommend for a party game
MUY BUENNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
A game that is made better if you play with friends. Learn to run away or bully monsters. And yes, always pick up the cute duck.
Juegazo, no para de sacarme risas con los colegas. Recomiento 100% este juego
great with friends
Only about 4 hours of playtime thus far but enjoying the game a lot.
So there me and my motley crew were, salvaging cups and cubes and whatever we could find for our emoji overlord. We were the tightest crew you'd ever see, our teamwork was impeccable! There was nothing that could stop us! At least, until we made it to a desolate, frozen-over research station. It seemed safe enough as we made our way inside. Two extraction points right next to each other as well!
Of course, that was not meant to last. Red and Yellow went ahead while me and White stayed behind a bit longer, before we crossed the maze of vents after them. It was there in the lab's store room that White called out something that chilled me to my very core.
"Gunman."
I ran as fast as my legs could carry me, and I hid underneath a table in a hallway. There, in the gaping blackness ahead, I heard gunshots ring out. One, two, five in total I counted. I waited, and I waited, but I did not see White come running to me, nor Red or Yellow. I was alone, stuck with a crazed gunman and whatever else was in this damnable place.
I crept through those corridors for God knows how long, diving for cover whenever I heard the footsteps of that man, or of one of the other things that stalked the halls. One by one I found the scarred, destroyed wrecks of my friends, and carried them back as quietly as I could. But I could not revive them without completing my mission. I had to find enough valuables to fill my quota.
There were many sample vials and other such trinkets, but my shaking body made my beam unstable, and caused me to drop a few in the process, each one potentially spelling the end of me. I grabbed a monkey, and it activated just as I was about to get it to the extraction point, and to my horror, the gunman was right there. In an instant, he yelled, lifed up his gun. and missed, leaving me to slink away as shards of glass from a specimen tube fell around me.
Somehow, I was alive, and I had gathered enough value to revive my friends. But the monsters were still out there, they were a hair's breadth away from being destroyed once again, and I? I wasn't looking forward to the rest of my workday.
tldr i like it, but i wish there was something for dead players to do
god
10/10. Extremely fun and funny, especially with friends
This game looks fun on the surface but i have spent 95% of time in death chat. i get the whole get good mentality, but when i cant even say two sentences between deaths, chill the f out. level 1 giant skull is waiting behind the second door breaks through eating three people, level 2 shotgun guy is waiting buy the 3rd or 4th door and as soon as we click to unlock the door instadeath because he phased his gun through the door. you have terrible stamina so trying to escape is futile you need to have somewhere to duck and hide immediately. i only continue to play to make my friend happy otherwise for now i hate this game
Such silly little guys!
Cool game and easy to mod though thunderstore on overwolf. Makes playing with people/friends fun and easy
this game is holy and we should praise it
harbadje
fun lil game, better with friends, but soloable
Juego del siglo
really good
funny game explosion
best game of early 2025!
good game
GOTY JUEGO DEL NO HAY NADA MAS DIVERTIDO QUE ESTE JUEGO
esse jogo e otimo para se divertir com a turma nao achei nada que nao me agradou
good
mmm so good and tasty
very good game get game
pedazo de juegardo XDXDXDD muy weno con pana amigos :3
SILLY ASS HORROR
TRABZONLU VARSA OYNAMAYIN
Para jugar con amigos, es como lethal company pero mas gracioso
Tellement le jeu de ce hurler de rire, on retrouve bien la vibe lethal company avec un nouveau gameplay, frais et plaisant
I had a blast with this, but I want to see its full potential
Esse jogo simplesmente maravilhoso jogar com os amigos
You can hit your friends with frying pans 10/10
Lo recomiendo 100% siempre y cuando vayas a jugar con amigos. El chat de voz por proximidad y los personajes le da el toque de risa y Me ha encantado!
Best game I've played in 2025 so far! Loved every second of it and I can't recommend it enough!
Esta bueno, con algunos bugs, pero bueno.
lethal company if it was peak linganguliguli
Banger
its fun to play with the homies and bullshit
when I was between the huntsman and my friend, he yelled B*H and caused me to get shot, Recommend this game
funi robots haha
this game is fire but id recommend playing this with at least one friend
i havnt even played a real game and its already my favorite multiplayer horror game.
halarius
goood game :3
Gran juego, agregar mas variedad de objetos, mejoras, formas de matar boses y etc, de esta manera no se vuelve monotono.
Game of the Year 2025 fr fr dude
An absolutely refreshing take on the Lethal Company formula. It launched with text-to-speech chat, there's very few bugs, the gameplay is actually fun with power-ups you can buy between levels, and it is all executed with a brilliant low-poly style. A great game to pick up with some friends for hours of entertainment
Eu sei colocar um vaso no carrinho sem quebrar ele.
Socorro.
great game with friends
fun. if u have friends willing to spend ten bucks.
entro a la tienda
me tiran una bomba
muero
FUNNY TO PLAY WITH THE GANG
Its like if scooby doo had a 18+ section with a creepy uncle and fruit punch that smelled a little too much like xanax.
Best game in the genre
Juego muy divertido para jugar con amigos
Was not what I expected. My buddies and I love this
Gioco assurdo, comprato oggi, divertente e i mostri sono tutti molto fastidioso, alcuni sono veramente rotti, altri affrontabili, ne siete meglio secondo me
Didnt have friends to play it with
Is a blast, fun-filled with friends If you want a good laugh get it. I hope they keep updating it to be better and better.
love the game, but i am unsure about something, now i m unaware whether or not this is the game, but my mic refuses to work sometimes, now when i use my mic when repo is not open it works. but when repo is open it stops working, now sometimes my mic will work and then stop working after me and my friends die and go back to the lobby, love the game, but i cant properly play with friends if my mic won't work, and also, i did nothing with my settings to make this happen, i have not touched my settings ever since i got it
it is fun
I get that this is meant to be the kind of game that is inherently hard. Not everyone can win in life and sometimes you can fail even when you have done everything by the book and made no mistakes. This game is definitely not shy of reminding you of that fact.
That being said, why do we play games? To have fun. What isn't fun? Starting a brand new game multiple times and getting one hit killed by a mob that is waiting in the room next to spawn. No boosts, items or time to hide. Just instant game over. This isn't a skill issue. This is a poor application of RNG which doesn't scale difficulty with progression. You can get a level 1 that is achievable, or most likely a predetermined game over before you start.
Add to the fact that whilst the game saves your progress, a game over will delete that save. Starting you from square zero. Again, I get that some masochists like punishing perma-death games, but not having the choice to roll back to the previous shop is honestly very disappointing.
Additionally, whilst there is a tutorial, there are no descriptions for any of the items. Some are self explanatory, and you can try them in the shop. But when you are faced with a choice between a stamina upgrade or an energy crystal, not being able to tell exactly what the latter does, alongside the lack of funds, this means players will always stick to the obvious options and avoid trying those other elements that the devs took time to work on.
When you add all these factors up, I am left with the feeling of: "what's the point?" when I see it in my library. There are no permanent progressions. Nothing to work for and earn. Just the very assured promise of losing everything after half an hours work, just to restart again.
In summary, this game isn't for classic gamers who want any kind of story, progression or sense of reward. It really only seems to fit streamers. They need something that is fast, forgettable and an easy throwaway to get people to tune into their streams and watch clip reels on youtube.
bueno
fire fire and fire
hijueREPO
mt bom melhor jogo de 2026
shoutout to the Animal monster, reminded me of my chicken sandwich with honey mustard except he doesn't have honey mustard on him. mmm honey mustard
sooo good so funny buy it just buy it
fun
absolutely amazing and fun. very stressful and items are very sensitive
great game cant wait for more hope you guys add more enemys and more items and crazy gadgets
Este juego es cine! Literalmente es buenardo recomendado para jugar solo, pero si es con amigos mucho mejor!
Yet again conned into playing another awful bandwagon game with my friends, yet again I have wasted another 10 dollars on something that i'm only playing because all my friends want to play it.
all these games are all the same, they all are basically nothing burgers and yet again I am playing a game I hate.
I wish there was better games that were multiplayer but alas we only get this garbage
I wish to REPO my money back but clearly I will be stuck with the game again.
Very funny and great for playing with friends. Also very fun
[h1] Here I will leave this beautifull capybara, whoever pass by can pet it and give it a thumbs up [/h1] [spoiler] (I need Steam points) [/spoiler]
Fun game but I don't got friends and Can't play with randoms.
nice
I watched my friend get ripped apart by the most adorable duck I have ever seen
ta weno el juego pero con amigos
yuf ctfrdc
jbl
this game is like lethal company but more worked on and with more then one dev. so its fun but lethal company is still a fun game and you should play it.
In game chat is amazing!
I love extracting my friends!
it is a very very fun game to play with the boys!
nuts bro
its funn
its perfect! get in get the loot and get out. survival is optional.
Its simply peak
It is so cool dude! SO COOL! I love REPO! This is especially SUPER fun with your friends!
spooky
DAMN i aint njck
good game yes very good mhm yep
YES VERY YES
bon jeu
really good better than leathal
funny
fun
needs some work but its an over all funny game
El mejor juego que actualmente he jugado
300
hourglass carries
goofy ahh game
Super jeu, manque juste quelques nouvelles maps et nouveaux monstres
its fun.
Fun time with friends mixed with treasure hunting. would reccomed for people to play together
muy weno
Sjukt nervigt, men otroligt roligt man kommer in i det, rekommenderar att spela med fler.
grand old time. its punishing; i like that. it encourages desperation. but restarting is quick and easy and isn't very demoralising. singleplayer mode actually works quite well!
The game constantly crashes, there are many flaws.
Lethal company if it was good
if you dont have friends dont even bother buying it, go get friends hohoho
lethal company clone, just play lethal company
wwwwwww
what is this shit
Great game with the homies
It's hard to talk about this game without mentioning Lethal Company, so let's just begin by getting that out of the way.
If you're unfamiliar with the genre(?) that Lethal Company pioneered, it essentially entails a gameplay loop where you enter a level with friends, gather items to sell, and extract before you all die to whatever terrible monsters are lurking. The silly but spooky atmosphere combined with proximity voice chat just creates a very entertaining gameplay loop. Lethal Company blew up in popularity, and the developer has sort of gravitated away from it. No doubt it was difficult dealing with that level of popularity as a solo developer, so it's understandable. If he returns, hopefully Lethal Company will continue to get better and better.
All of the above mentioned aspects are present here, as well. R.E.P.O. feels like a very natural evolution of the formula introduced in Lethal Company. The differences may seem slight, but they are key to why this game feels so much more engaging. The main difference that changes the entire feel is that ALL items, monsters, and players have PHYSICS. They all have different weights, they are affected by momentum and other factors. For the items specifically, they also get damaged if you're not careful with them, which lowers their value.
So naturally, certain lighter items might not net you as much money. Some light items that are expensive may be incredibly fragile. Certain items that will net you way more money may require the lifting assistance of 2, 3 or more players (lobbies in this game go up to 6 players). It also creates extra complications, such as spinning around too fast with a fragile plate and shattering it against the face of your friend, who subsequently may go flying backwards in shock. That extra layer of physics really changes the dynamic of the game, requiring much more communication, coordination, and team work, along with a much more slapstick sense of humor at any given moment.
Also, something that isn't necessarily a pro or a con for Lethal Company is the fact that if you die, you're dead for the entire rest of that round. In this game, there are opportunities to revive friends mid-round, which creates more stakes but also makes it nice that you don't have to just sit out the entire rest of the round if you die.
Another thing that might seem minor that I absolutely LOVE in this game is how it handles game overs. (I'm going to spoiler tag a feature that will happen in your first run ever of the game, but if you want to be surprised, keep it hidden.) In Lethal Company, if your team wipes, the game just starts over. It can feel pretty crappy sometimes, especially the farther you get. In this game, they made the brilliant decision on a loss [spoiler]to dump all of you into a mini Battle Royale platform covered in items and weapons, and whoever wins the following fight gets a little crown for future matches until someone else wins.[/spoiler] It might seem like a minor thing, but instead of being focused on disappointment after wiping a game, you're immediately thrust into a different fun situation before you have to start over. Just fun, in my opinion.
All in all, if you were a fan of Lethal Company, this feels like a natural evolution. If you haven't played Lethal Company and are interested in the sort of genre, this game is still a good place to start.
SUPER funny game, friends and i always laughing and crying, screaming in rage, etc lol
Awesome WOULD recommend
funny.
xf
is OP
This game is the definition of what are you looking for to get in a scare party with friend and enjoy together a good time.
10 10)
Repo reminded me of when my tuition aid ran out, and I had to sacrifice my well-being to pay off the debt for an arts degree that only left me with stress and the "experience" of working for free.
This game is the average Chilean debtor experience: you work, you suffer, and in the end, they still repossess your self-esteem. Every mission is just another reminder that the system was built to watch you cry.
PS: VALE, STOP SPAWNING OUT OF NOWHERE AND HEADBUTTING MY STUFF!
Fucking yes. Like, it is actually really good
PEAKKKKKKKK
Muy buenisimo si lo juegas con tus amigos
Good game. Will get even better with updates. Play with friends to have the most fun
Parabens para quem fez isso nota 200, muito foda kkkkkkkkkkk
funny game very good, better than lethal
yes good
top
The devs listen; my friends and I are laughing out butts off.
Join in the fun, be silly and stupid, and pray you can get that grand piano through the hallway without losing half its value on it while a blind man shoots your friend in the back :D
fun
Most Fun ive had in a while
fun
on me tabasse le cul :'(
I like the duck but my friends won't allow my to bring it back to the ship :(
me when I play R.E.P.O and the spirited away looking fella goes UAHDSHJKERIUOAWHDAGHWUD and im like dag yo
Great game with friends
si
yeah you need friends to play this game
The Horror tags are misleading.
Was not scary at all.
Guess its a fun game to play if you do not have the expectation from the Reviews or you dont care about the spook factor in lethal alike games.
Pretty overhyped
HORRIBLE
Skyrim
Amazing game
este juego es muy bueno aquellas gente que les gusta jugar con amigos juegen este belleza
"Wheres the monsters?"
"They're under the sauce"
Excellent work, absolute masters of your craft.
Fantastic game
guapo
Just a few hours in and this game has paid for itself - a very fun multiplayer experience, plenty of scares, laugh-out-loud moments, and unique game scenarios I'll remember for years. This game invokes some sense of friends being trapped into a mad twisted haunted house game show, but more chilling! Very cheap, very fun, and there's nothing I'd change about the current gameplay loop - I only hope that the dev's continue to keep this interesting!
Simulador de haber nacido en Marruecos y vivir de josear casas ajenas. guapo.
10/10
i love this game
Buen juego para partirte el culo :)
juegazo 100/10 es buenardo simplemente god recomendado para todos no hay mejor juego con amigos lo jugaria mil veces simplemente GOOOOOOOOD
mto bom pra jogar com os amigos
juegne la wea con amigos pero que no valgan callampa como el ale
el luis
el cubillo
el richard
el martinin
el papualex
hola
chao
Nice game for spending a Friday or Saturday night with beers and friends.
Just buy it.
Absolutely hilarious
i poop my pants
So fun to play with friends.It is also is funny to hear them screaming
ESTE JUEGO ES HERMOSISIMO ES 20/10 ES GOD VIVI LOS MEJORES MOMENTOS CON MIS AMIGOS ES BELLISIMO Y CAMBIO MI VIDA EN UNA SEMANA SIMPLEMENTE ARTE
Funny and nice. What also would be cool is when items that normaly spawn in the shop can spawn in game so you dont have to pay always
un juego divertido con tus amigos
muy facil para jugar
pero este juego no sera tan popular como ahora en el futuro
IMPORTA ES DIVERTIDO!
its a pretty nice game but walkie would make it better, its a random guess if i should extract or not
W game
i cant ever get enough of this game with a group of friends, its so funny how things just happen to us all the time
jijo
I love getting shot by a blind man
super bueno
sppop
I can toss my friends around and use them as monster bait.
Also tts is peak. 10/10 (Welcome back Moonbase Alpha)
soit tu te caches, soit tu es brave ou sinon un rat pour tes teamates hahaha
banger game
me diverti mucho
ESSE AQUI RELIQUIA
Friends and I arrive to the place
We break a expensive vase
Get shot at point blank range by a shot gun
Dies instantly
10/10
Really fun to play with a group of friends, equal parts hilarious and scary! Love it
This game is a lot of fun. It's a simple idea that is really hard to achieve.
sex
Whatever complaints you may have about similar style games such as Lethal Company or Content Warning are pretty much void here, because you're never gonna get lost or be soft-locked into losing because of bad monster spawn RNG, but the game still presents a challenge for you and your friends to beat without the challenge being navigating a maze bigger than the Vatican City. 10/10 would reap(o) again, get rid of that damn emoji though I am positive it costs you at least 8 cents a day on the steam page.
really fun game can't wait to see what future updates hold, the developer seems very passionate about this project. not to say it doesn't need polishing, but a great set of bones
This is good game for funny
very fun game
me get scrap. me do die to guy
has to be the best game for 10 dollars, fun to explore every aspect of R.E.P.O
most fun game ive played in a long time. better with more people
FUNNY GAME AND SCARY AND ENJOYABLE
got no one to play with at the time im putting this message, I do like the menu music
FLINT AND STEEL
MIIINIII CAAART
10 hours in and it's already boring to play. Maybe there's not enough variety, maybe I played too much Lethal Company. This game is just a combination of LC and Content Warning, nothing special. I think we are caught in the cage of the successful predecessor and our wishes are hyperbolised due to it. But nvr mind, it's was actually fun to play throughout the entire 10 hours. 8/10
cool
Fuck that damn yellow bird
The game play is really easy and it's so much fun to play with your friends. A lot of laughs and chaos unfold on every level and I really enjoy this game.
good
funny
It's like Lethal Company but dare I say, ever so slightly better
It's quite funny, but in a fart joke kind of way. I think the price is expensive for what it offers. After a while, doing the same things in the same places can get boring. I generally don't enjoy viral games, but this one was relatively good.
6/10
Supera al Lethal Company en todo. Una buena alternativa si quieres algo gracioso.
putear? Si es este es tu juego
HE'S GOT A GUN!
Insane amounts of fun. Didn't have a single round without some kind of chaos going on I believe
Un jeu fun
GOTY
super fun with other people, only bad thing id say is the enemies feeling slightly more than fair, keyword slightly
and also that in public lobbies people spam soundboards
Very fun with friends, it is easy to switch between tryharding to get higher levels in the game, and just having stupid fun.
Acaba de salir y es una maravilla, no me imagino cuando metan mas cosas
this game is ridiculously fun! i have been getting everyone i know to play it with me!
it is fun, i enjoy it
Fun, chaotic
Chicken Jockey
fun to play
i loove
yes
Having an absolute blast. The game is cheap and very funny. Just did solo. think I will stick with Multiplayer, funnier and more memorable. Would recommend 10/10
F*ck you and your stupid Chef-Frog.
Its a great multiplayer game that needs some work to be completely great. (obviously, its still in early access)
8/10
Funny Stuff
I really enjoy this game! I just kind of wish it had open lobbies since I don't have that many people to play with! However, it is fun nonetheless :)!
Chicken Jockey
A bit lacking in variety after a few hours, which makes sense for early access, but a fantastic twist on what Lethal Company pioneered. Can't wait to see where it goes from here.
kurva
It's pretty fun if you have friends to play with!
absolutne kino kooperacji
w
this game is better than rape, reccomended
g
I love being this stupid lil guy
Nice
This game ended my 15+ year friendship
MNAMINA
this game is goat
I watched my brother get brutally mauled by a baby duck
IOKO
i like this game because it makes funny sounds when you type things in the chat and when you touch the hourglass, thats it
Basically all you need to have a chill Friday night
The game is really fun and kinda hard but still getting used to it i love the mechanics but the stamina is a little too slow for me i think it needs a slight buff but this game is just really good and fun to play even just vanilla
I like it so far, I think its a good time
On another note idk why everyone is hating on the emoji thing so much, like yeah it's unserious but so is the game, you're literally robot people looting an abandoned place with weird monsters in it and you have goofy tts it fits pretty well I feel?
Trop bien de la suite
10/10 game should be game of the year in my opinion.
Lots of laughs and fun to play something thats just a quick game
Most acoustic game I ever played.
es una carta de amor a los trolleros virtuales y mejor que lethal company
absolutly a grrrreat game literllay perfect
bought it 3 times for my babes and its worth it 10/10
Lethal Company but you are paying off your IRS debt.
With that being said, the game is incredibly fun and scratches the Lethal Company itch some of you may have.
Lethal Company but alternate universe. 9/10 maybe they should add some achievements and way more monsters.
Super jeu en co-op
les des perso sont
Assez dur partir du lvl 8, apprendre le skill des monstres est vraiment :-)
skm o kadar sinir edici bir ki ne olur oyundan
good
10 10
This game is a party. it's so goofy and oddly spooky.
falta que metan a un bicho como peppa pig
best newcomer game
This is a great game, fun to play with friends and has a bunch of humor lol. def recommend
Very game
buenardopolis
PEAK
Jeux cool mais il faut avoir des amis avec qui jouer
MJ SAYS ITS GOOD
We need online multiplayer. Server Not everyone has enough friends, or even any friends at all.!
quiero jugar al juego porque se abrio esto de no quiero quiero jugar al cjuego
Super funny to play with friends. The eye tracking makes it even more hilarious
um idoso de provavelmente 70 anos e cego estava na minha frente, eu chamei ele de p#nto mucho e ele me deu um tiro na minha e meu amigo viu tudo escondido, 10/10
very good game i highly recommend with friends
10/10, love this game!
me bueno
Soundpad 10 10.
if your looking for a fun games to fuck your friends over this is the one!
GAME OF 2025
insanely fun
ignore the logo, it sucks
i dont even mind it in game it makes perfect sense but as a way to sell this game its god awful
Amazing and hilarious game to play with your friends
Just funny goofy fun. Would love it if there was a matchmaking system though for when my friends aren't on. Other than that, awesome game! I'd give it a 4/5 but it would be 5/5 with the mentioned matchmaking system!
gud game the only thing that bad was my friend :V
10/10 would recommend
El otro estaba en el feis, y vi unos memes BUENISIMOS! ME HACEN REIR!
romania simulator
very fun with friends and cool to have and monsters to kill and a duck
xd
Banger Game
WE BRING THE BOOMM
coool spooky ahh game
SI, ESTE JUEGO ES MU BUENO OTIA
C'est une masterclass le jeu mais attention au pote qui sont des fils de putes surtout faite attention. Sinon bon jeu juste les gnomes vas vous un pars un bande de petits pouilleux
Great game, can be fun by yourself, sadly my friends are never on so I can't really have the best time. If you have a friend group that actually plays games together consistently this is a great game to add to your roster.
-{ Graphics }-
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☐ Good
☑ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
-{ Gameplay }-
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
-{ Audio }-
☑ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
-{ Audience }-
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma
-{ PC Requirements }-
☑ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
-{ Game Size }-
☑ Floppy Disk
☐ Old Fashioned
☐ Workable
☐ Big
☐ Will eat 15% of your 1TB hard drive
☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it
☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data
-{ Difficulty }-
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
-{ Grind }-
☑ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
-{ Story }-
☑ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
-{ Game Time }-
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ To infinity and beyond
-{ Price }-
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
-{ Bugs }-
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
-{ ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☐ 9
☑ 10
Good game, very funny
skibidi repo
best with friends
fun game, excited for updates
man i was playing in the arctic map and i was in the room with the vents as some kinda of tightrope. My friend then wanted to showed me the fan he fan. Said fan pushed into the abyss and i died and made a little upset :(. Still great game tho
GPS
very fun
Melhor jogo para jogar com outros incompetentes. de 0 a 10 9, falta um para itens de mercado.
Muito
Had to get this game after seeing CaseOh play it. This game is gas
spend 5 hour first day love game
game fun.
Muito zika, pode comprar
Buen gameplay con amigos!
follow the leader leader
It's been a long time since I've enjoyed a game this much. It was a special pleasure to play with my bros.
This game is really fun; please don't abandon it like Zeekers did Lethal Company.
its so peak
bandant
Lethal company pero gracioso.
Este juego es gracioso, me encanta. Top juegos en los que sacar clips de tus encima le van a meter mucho contenido. El de los personajes es y la manera de
interactuar con los objetos y el escenario es de 10.
final 10/10. Recomendado sin ninguna duda para jugarlo con gente, encima precio barato. No esperes y
fajne ale straszne i mozna sie przestraszyc czesto ale fajne dziwne tez ale ogranij to dziwne co to jest dziwne ogarnij sie fajne
spooky
Mid, lots of downsides and mods are required to overcome them
buenardo
Good.
bon jeu faire entre potes
Bonk everybody with server
Juego para que pablo pen chine
recomiendo gastar guita
Currently buns
this is actually a good gaem
lethal company with physics
beast.
Needed to sneeze mid game, saw the blind man and my need to sneeze vanished. Really funny game when playing with friends, would recommend others to play.
bom pra karalho
es bueno
Jogo garantido para muitas risadas com amigos!
gameplay bastante interessante
susto garantido!
halarious to play with friends asuming you have any lol
type shii
FUNNNNNYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
i hit friend with cart funny
game is worth
/
Worth it for the side-eye
Gran juego con mecanicas muy originales y un juego perfecto para echarse unas risas con amigos, por 10 euros merece la pena (borren al huntsman)
Uso y recomiendo el chat de voz del juego.
very
banger
very fun
Better than lethal company
Es macht sehr viel fun mit freunden und family <3 super lustiges spiel.
Can u guys make like a donate Page Goethe ones who want to give 5 or 10. Bucks as because I had a game made me Louth so hard in a long time perfect game to have fun with friends
Greetings H.H
very good game
Man this game is terrific, but god why use the emoji as the mascot for the game. I'm sure if you were to use the robots you play as as the game icon then it would be even more popular.
c super marrant et bien fait, essayer entre amis
Maravilhoso! Resenha em amigos ou desconhecidos!
super ez
fun with friends
SHUT UP WHEN THE ENTER IS NEAR
przechuj
goat
wawaa
silly
Kill Wahraqualle1 on sight
absoluteley amazing game,both funny and scary
Fucking awsome. Got the chance to commit homocide on my friends. 10/10
Juegazo pero solo si te lo puedes comprar y no marginad0 :D
nice game worth the price
10/10. Please add a helmet (medieval or something) u can buy in store that allows you to doink the enemies pls.
Este juego me ha jodido la vida, llevo jugando 3 horas y mi esposa me ha dejado, mis hijos han acabado metiendole combis al betis y yo estoy en la carcel, escribo desde un nokia que me meti en el culo para poder jugarlo, que alguien me ayude por favor
TOP COOL RIGOLO
I cannot recommend a multiplayer game until it has multiplayer servers. This is NOT a single player game (you can play solo but like.don't. Its not fun) and due to the lack of matchmaking I haven't played it since I bought it. Still waiting.
VIDEOHRA NA STEAMU :-DDDDDDD
HRAJU JI S: IMMIGLUM, RADAR64, LAROXX, EAXIZE (GAMESCOLLECTORSVK), KNEFICZ
#NEJLIDI :D #LIKE4LIKE
i would recommend this game to others
I got killed by a duck and i killed my friend by running her over with a trolley. 11/10
Juegazo.
DOBRE :)
Fun
juegaso pero le falta la madre de que se pueda encontrar gente random porque no todos tenemos amigos con quien jugar cuando nosotros querramos, y conocer gente random estaria bueno
Best game
friendslop
supere scary its like lethal company but not lethal
funi gaem
lethal company improved
this is fun!
great game for groups
THIS GAME IS SO FUCKING FUN LMAO
funny game fart poo boobs
very silly and fun, even when single player :)
SO MUCH FUN!
A genuinely great time with your friends
12 10
better than lethal company, first time i enjoyed these types of games since Escape From Tarkov.
Controls are very simple and easy to learn.
always have enough time to play, funny, easy to learn
Scheri moster, fanni frend gud gheim
When she R.E.P's on my O
/:/:|:|:|:|:\:\:/\:/:|:|:/:|:|
./:|:\:\:\:\:/\:\,:/:\:/:|:|:/\/:/:|
./:/:'\:\-,:\/\:/: : :\/:\:/: |:/:/:|:/
./:|:\:\|:/: \/: : : \/: : : : : \,/: \/:_/\/:\:/:/
/:/:/:|:/,_/:/: :_/ .: : : : : : :\_. \/: \:/:/:/
|:|:/:/:/;/ ;/ .,\: : : : : : : / ,._., \ /:|:/:|
.|:/:/:/:/|:|.\: : : : : :
.|:|:|:/:\|:'\,|: \."'" /: : : : : : : :'\." '"/ : \: |:|:\
.|:|:|:/:|:|/: : : : : : : : : : : : :\ : :/:'\
.|:|:|:/:/:'\: : : : : : : : : : : : : : :': : : : :| :/:|
\:|:|:|:|:|,: : : : : : :~,_,~: : : : :
.'\|:|:|:|:\'~,: : : : : : '~-~': : : :
.'\:|:|:/.|:|: : : : : : : : :
: : :
.',\,:|~-'-~\:|: : : : : : .'|
: \|: : : : : \:|: : : : : : : \:|. /
: : : : :|: : : : : :\:|: : : : : : \: : : : : :
.|: : : : : : : |: : : : : : |:|,\,: : : : : : : : : : : : : \
.| : : : : : : : : : : : : : |:|:'-,\: : : : : : : : : : : : : : :|
.\ : : : : : : : : : :'\: : :\:|: : '\'\: : : : :~,: : : : : : : : :
\: : : : : : : : : : :\: /:|:/: : : :',-'-,_,: : : : : : : : : :
.\: : : : : : : : : : :\|: |/: : : : : : '\: : : : : :
.\: : : : : : : : : : \: |: : :/.\*/ : : : :|: : : : :
.\ : : : : : : : : : '\': : /.\/ : : : : /: : : : :
.\ : : : : : : : : : '\:/.\: : :,/: : : : : /./
.\ : : : : : : : : : : : : :,/./
.\ : : : : : : : : :
pode compra
Fun!
this game is so much fun to play with friends cant wait to play the new update coming soon.
amazing
bania rdm, pani z cry of fear, gremliny, pedofil cie na koniec mapy, morde androidy, kaczka. Czego jeszcze potrzeba, a no tak czat tts gdzie mozesz pisac co chcesz, a tak naprawde przeciwnikiem jest teammate z grasz, miliony znajomy w wazonach. Polecam, wal tego kebaba i kup repo
juego muy divertido mejor si es en amigos
hermoso.
CZ/SK server Discord_R.E.P.O.cz.sk:
od jsem to bude SRANDA s a mods, jsem hru na TikToku musel jsem ji ve skupince lidi tu hru fakt na 100% mnoho jen z dvou hry a jsme se a to hraje i dost se a za se to opravdu vyplatilo.
Mega lustig mit freunden
saw my friend get touched up and explode after a tall dark man molested him would recomend
Gra jest zajebista. jak komornik, mojej rodzinie po pozwie od Buddy.
yes!
good and fun
GOOD CHILLING GAME
when ur friend pops out of a box with ling gon gooly gooly gooly run
BELLO NON MI LAVO PIU
This game is amazing really good start i cant wait to see waht they do I always end up laughign wiht my friend one way or another. i wish they could limit the amoutn of bs that happens in a level but thats the chaotic fun of it really good i recommend
very funny game
Cool game if your fiends aren't total retards
muy bueno muy gracioso xdxdx
Ts is really fun to play with friends
BOM DEMAIS
Very GOOD game 11/10
I enjoy playing this game me and my friends, I want to see how good is future updates is with more maps, items
I love this game
uWu
jeu amusant et qui change des jeu d'horeur plus classiques, le jeu n'est pas encore parfait mais c'est ce que l'on attend d'un jeu en acces graphismes ok, au moins il peut tourner sur a peut pres toutes les configs, seul bemol sur les graphismes le jeu tourne uniquement fans la resolution native de l'ecran donc avec un ecran 4k impossible de passer en 1440p (pas vraiment un probleme mais fait plus consomer et chauffer le gpu pour aucun changement de visuelle).
je recommande grandement ce jeu pour jouer a plusieurs surtout que meme un pc patate le fera tourner
me make myself boom boom
Why did i buy this maybe I liked it
I'll drink 100ml of Ice tea for every like and reward i get
Edit: Can i drink the sugar free one?
ts pmo icl
Ich habe mich sehr vor lachen und heulen.
Jeu d'horreur marrant entre amis, pas mal de contenu pour un de la suite.
seja eu
>entre em uma casa para saquear
>fico sozinho depois de geral ter se separado
>avisto um velho com uma shotgun
a falar "olha o velho"
>o velho me ouve e me da um tiro no meio da cara
jogo 10/10, recomendo jogar principalmente com amigos
game of the year right here
never thought there would be a better game than lethal company, but R.E.P.O delivered for sure
10 10
it's a really fun horror-esque game, a lot of fun with friends, would highly recommend.
absolute cinema
guapisimo
comedia y terror. muy buen juego
yes the game is great for the begining of its release i hope they add customizations to the character ofc more maps and monsters
goood game
good game with horrible friends
overall extremely fun game that ill probably be playing for as long as it continues to receive updates. some of the enemies feel a bit too overpowered, but given that the game just released it's natural to have some things that need tweaking. the physics of items could be slightly more forgiving, but i enjoy having to be careful and communicate with my friends when im walking back to the cart with a $6k vase only for them to smash into me anyway. the game is really something special, and i cannot recommend it enough if you and your friends are looking for a game to play together.
it good
cool
Good
divertido
Chicote y me por todo el mapa, acorralado y me hizo un Pim Pam Trucu Trucu y me
Sex
Brutals
The emoji makes this seem like a dank meme game, but is much better once you've actually played it. Very entertaining and fun to play with friends
I loved this game even though it hasn't even fully come out yet. It's hilarious and the devs actually listen to and address their fans. Being able to carry people and the player models are just way too funny. The enemies are kinda scary too when you encounter them the first few times.
Masterpiece
faejn
penzkidobas
bom jogo!
Game is alot of fun, hope more is added and any nit picks are sorted, main one was the fact that you lose the perks after you lose (thought its fair) and I think it should include a wiki thing that explains the monsters and best ways to counter them. (also emotes)
god
Didnt have fun at all. Even when playing with friends. Totally not worth 10 euro.
m
Really fun game. Hate the ugly ass emoji logo/banner that makes it look like a shitty asset flip designed for 7 year olds.
made me racist
if you have friends its really fun to play
do caralho.
top
20/10 y God solamente le falta tener a don pollo como jefe
3
10
funny game ever
3- 4
super fun
terrifying alone. silly with friends or randos. the official discord server is great for matchmaking
better than lethal company
si
I have a friend who beats the bad guys up with a frying pan
We killed each other instead of winning
10/10 if u have friends
Hammmmmmmmeeeeeeeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr! thumps up
love the game
Just funny
game
Funny ASH!
good can't complain
Macht echt Laune! :D
belo jogo, uma obra de arte, muito bom para jogar com amigos, MAS EU DESCOBRI QUE EU N TENHO AMIGOS EU TENHO ANIMAIS QUE N SABEM PEGAR A POHA DE UM ITEM SEM QUEBRAR, se n tem australopitecos como amigos, recomendo jogar.
Einfach herrlich das game,erst recht mit freunden
very fun and chaotic
classic horror game until you get a gun 11/10
R.E.P.O.
R.E.P.O.
Got camped by a trudge for 10 minutes and then a dark child threw me into him,
10/10 would get thrown again.
7
SoundPad.
-
RealLive
-
-
most sigma game ever 100/10
would sex the game
very fun with voice chat and love the characters
i kept smashing all of my friends items and then he kill me
10/10
Das Spiel ist einfach mit das geilste Koop Game. Jeder der einpaar Freund hat soll sich das einfach antun :D Sehr witzige dank dem Game.
perfect game
friendships were broken over losing 30$ from an item.
If you are playing with a group of friends, this game is hillarious. The more friends you got, the funnier it gets. And honestly for 10 $ this is fking awesome.
There are many different types of enemys. Also the game mechanics are cool.
good game
good
"Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh im gonna coom"
"Oh oh oh oh oh h o hoh oh ho oh oh oh yeahhhh"
awesome game :D
It's like Lethal Company but instead of upgrading your ship you upgrade your character. It's a fun game overall.
rule 34 boutta be crazy
Resenha com os colega
Great game. People say how the banner looks shit but I don't get why they be hatin the banner that much for the game because your boss in the game speaks with emojis. But for the time being, if you don't have any freinds (skill issue) then ur out of luck because this game doesn't use randos yet. But they said they would add matchmaking sometime soon. But all in all, amazing game 10/10 would buy.
attacked by a duck 10/10
Great Game.
very good very funny very cool very fun
w makes noise the longest out of the letters, i recommend saying 'wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww' in the chat to make noise the longest
it is fun to play with friends and by your self
Mastreclass
Roman Empire Hrmphhhh. BOOOOM!
Chicken Jockey
muito bom
Muy entretenido y para jugar con amigos son risas aseguradas
Better lethal company
W
Butplug people
AAAAAAAAAAHH
Love watching my friends look like muppets and get torn to shreds because nobody can be quiet. 100/10
I was able to sacrifice my best friend and leave him to die
it good
Leuk spel leuke monster zijn heel lief vooral als ze je willen knuffelen leuk met vrienden kan ook leuk zijn solo maar met vrienden veel leuker
I really enjoy playing this game. It's fun and the shenanigans you can get into is hilarious. There are some things I dislike about it, mainly the time it takes for stamina takes to regenerate. Other than that it's fun, fairly simple to play, and a bunch of entertainment.
Incroyble mais vivement les sur steam
TTS is the best part.
pisya
Oyun oynuyoruz. yedirtiyodu profesyonel gibi 11. seviyeye geldik.
Muito legal, jogar amigos legal jog.
anybody got a grenade?
some twitter users will try and convince you that multiplayer co-op horror games are 'friendslop' when it reality they're just really fun
jooooooooooo
yee
Story bots got fired from there job so now they have to do odd jobs of breaking and entering. 10/10 absolutely great game
this game has been funny as hell, it is just like lethal company but with physics and it is halarious, worth all ten doug demma dollars
i love it for 10$ its worth it
if you have friends and like funny horror ITS AMAZING
mu bueno
w
very goofy ahhhhhh game
Locura, cuantos mejor.
peam
10 :10
Spooky
newborn diarrhea (its chill)
360 10/10
Juego muy divertido para jugar en de tus amigos risas aseguradas.
good
Awesome game and really amazing devs
3 10/10
oynuyacak yok!
Absolute cinema. With some "safe" feature that would keep your stuff or restart level would be great but man. so much fun
el mejor para jugar con amigos jaja lo mejor que he jugado en mucho tiempo
Only Played for 1 night with a group of friends but best night of gaming we have had in months 10/10
2 Words: More Stamina
I've only played this game for 5 hours, but I've already had to visit the hospital to get my sides stitched back up from laughing so hard!
I domed a spider mf with a shotgun and cluster naded him 10/10
We need more game like this
Very fun, absolutely wet myself with laughter with the tts and the mischief that comes with it. The entities are very creative, never thought I'd get frightened by a lil yellow duck or a giant floating head but here I am.
baut bitte eine ein wieder ins Game zu joinen. Falls das Internet oder so
Bardzo dobra gra dostosowanie samych to za opcji jak na skina zmiany postaci.
zbyt brutalna
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVV
-
esta bueno el juego pero no se puede encuerar al de la escopeta, pero igual esta bueno, gracias
Nc
Fun
180
12.5/10
10 10
Aga repo diye bi oyun var diyen oyun ama orul orul orospu gibi sinir krizi amk.
It's alright.
Never laughed so much on a game 10/10 fun
silly goofy
omg soooooo good tell dominki to instal it
Da
Kinda fun!
goty
i cant believe i got 720'd by the shotgun fella mid air 10/10
funny robots, scary emoji
gierka mega spoko jest o ile masz znajomych to oczywiste a dla tych co Introwertykami to jest tryb singleplayer i uwaga w tej grze jest taki niewidzialny pan co kradnie bezbronne androidy i raczej nie ma co nie ?.
I LOVE GETTING A PROSTATE EXAM ON MY BUTTHOLE WITH A WOMAN FOR BLADES AS HANDS
Lithal company
sigma.
Lovable artwork/design, fun and inovative game design.
10 10
Ey, shorty
Yo que te sobran las opciones
Y cansada de escuchar a estos huevones
Te dan regalos, los ignores
En casa tienes una de Rolex
Ey, shorty
No quiero que te presiones
Yo que no puesta pa' las relaciones (wow)
Mami, acabo de enrolar unos bluntes
Dime si te soya tomarte unos rones
Voy en el Mercho, y de una la monto
A veces se pone traje y a veces corto
piquete cuando prende el phillie
Yo le digo, "Mamacita, me la loto"
Me fui pa' Dior y le una cartera
Y le puse su nombre pa' que to' la vieran
Estoy juquia'o porque puedo pa'l cielo
Y a tomar coctel en el Lleras
Ese culito en bikini, paseando por Santorini
En el hotel o en la playa
Yo se lo pongo sin beanie
A veces cuando ella toma
Dice que mezclando los feelings
Que le hable bonito, y yo le digo, "Chilling"
good
The game is fun to play, a clone of lethal company but still original. I've only had one complaint so far.
Make more maps. Anyway, good game.
Divertido para jugar con amigos para lo que vale bastante decente
Waiting for more maps in the future, the current map pool is ok but when we pass level 10, we feel less excited. OVERALL ITS FUN TO PLAY WITH FRIENDS
Fun game. Lots of laughs!
bom para um jogo que ainda com acesso antecipado e provavelmente colocar mais coisas eu espero :)
big snaz
:(
good
re bueno
top
FUNNY
One of the best co-op horror game
Macht mit Freunden extremst viel
9.1/10
s
R.E.P.O. is a fun game. However, the stamina is way to low, and recharges way too slowly, and the enemies are brutally difficult. The prices for purchasing items are also way too high. For me, the difficulty level makes the game less enjoyable.
5
fun
szar
10 10
1. got the game
2. got into a squad
3. smashed a big vase
4. saw a cute duck
5. duck attacked me
6. died
10/10 game
big black dude snuck up on me and raped me silly (very feinous)
peak
sehr gutes spiel bin gekommen als ich ein Monster sah
mista sigma
It feels like someone evaluated what was fun about lethal company, and what wasn't, and competently made a more palatable game based on the premise.
It's solid. Pick it up.
god
GOTY
-
2
GOTY
fun
)
=
good game
linga guli guli
extremely fun with friends, cannot wait to see this game evolve, incredibly promising
I rekomend veri najs gejm
If you have friends and no fear then this game is the BEST
En mis primeras 30 horas de juego, R.E.P.O. me ha gustado mucho. La movilidad es fluida, lo que hace que explorar los niveles sea realmente divertido. Los niveles son muy variados, lo que evita que te aburras, y los son buenos, ayudan a crear una tensa. Lo mejor es que la comunidad de jugadores ha creado un de mods interesantes, que le dan un toque extra al juego y lo mantienen fresco.
Awesome Having great fun :)
gelistirilmeli.
So at the start i really liked it but i dont know how but today mob ai improved massively with detecting you under a desk without even making sound. Monsters usually spawn at the furthest point away from the player but why the * did the huntsman spawn right outside the first door and i loose my world what should i even do? 2 hours wasted its just not possible that 3 times in a row the monsters spawn in the first room. I will continue playing if stuff like this gets fixed.
who up repo'ing
my friends keep killing each other and destroying items 10/10
money money
Absolute Lunacy
10/10 Would kill eldritch horrors with a Clown doll again
123
very good :3
it good
So fun and addicting!, I keep going back for more even after getting rekt in a bs way.
I highly recommend this game! And for 10 beans! An absolute steal
ya
i like to goon
rlly good game i rlly fun playing with my friends solo its a bit boring
siz dahil 3 sorunu olan girerseniz yitiriyorsunuz 3 stage 3. perrrrrfect
Insanely good game a really good mix of funny and scary
Lethal Company x Gmod gravity gun = some spooky shenanigans
Amazing game if you are playing with your friends.
good - a little barebones at the moment, but this game has massive poteential
1980
You're a robot
You go into a big ass castle
Your goal is to get a bunch of shit so u can get money
You get a vase worth 6.400$
Your teammate runs into the vase
The vase breaks
Your teammate starts screaming at you
You get assaulted by a duck
11/10, would get assaulted by a duck again
Melhor jogo para jogar com amigos, simples e perfeito!
its fun its good and its fire
I love it sooo much
very good
que manera de cagarme, de risa tambien
Would recommend this game, unfortunately, it's just too scary.
Well developed game with lots of replayability. Not a typical horror co-op slop that you see lots of and has lots of different mechanics and features that make it stand out to other games of this genre.
good
Si tienen un amigo que se llame Lucio lo tienen que comprar
ya know what kinda games i like? games that are stupid, scary, funny, and great all at once. this game takes the cake at co-op horror
10/10 ducks
gitara do posmiania sie
There are three wolves inside me.
One is 30+ year old men who hate the emojis
One is 20 year or younger zoomers who also hate emojis.
The third one is 21-25 year old hood irony classic enjoyers. Who understand the emoji lore.
INCROYABLE OMGGGGGGGGGGGGG
Absolut gem if played with friends
repo
The first game since Rocket League to grab me in ten years. 11/10 Game of The Decade!
bon jeux pour jouer avec vos amis
Es atropellaron en la zona de extracion
Masterpiece in the makin
POV: Bayliff simulator when you haven't paid your TV Licence
This is such a fun game to play with your group of friends. I'm not much of a horror fan but I love the concept so much. Its hilarious the way the bots look and move around. One of my favorite games in a while!
me when friends are worse than monster
duck is friendly if you pick it up
A masterpiece
Banger game, but my friends are stupid as fuck, i rate it 9/11
Bel gioco spero che faranno piu mappe e mostri
incredibly fun and well developped for a brand new early access only game.
MELHOR "lethal company" LIKE DE TODOS, JOGO ABSURDO
it's very good whit friends, you don't have friends no play
Great game! A lot of funny moments with me and my friend. Wish there was cosmetics though. 9.5/10
Yes, cool game = funny
greatest multiplayer game i have played (better have discord since theres no random matchmaking) at the time of making this but the discord server has your back for that
iyi icardi kadar olmasa da
hmmm funny frying pan go BONK
GOTY 2025 lmao
duro
Robot trashcan looking things are cool
-
Never had I played a game I actually don't mind d*ying in
googd gamed
42 10
42 10
42 10
So Funny
i hate ngga
Very fun with friends
KAFAMA ATLAYIP ARAYA ALAN MI he bide 25k saati yere
10/10 game.
Love it
Buenisimo
GOYAYUM
Beats Lethal Company.
What is this game?
- Fun
- Chaotic
- Goofy
For $10 you can have loads of chaotic fun. Just buy it.
Fun game. Now stop begging for review. Thx
yes
bla bla bla ble ble ble blu blu blu
Honestly was not sure what to expect when I first got it, but I have never laughed so hard that I wheezed so much in my life. The physics are stellar, as well as the way their eyes move at the funniest possible moments (side-eyeing you while you both hide from a monster and try not to die laughing). The TTS they have implemented is also hilarious! Your pitch changes depending on whether you are standing/crouching, and it also changes higher/lower depending on if your mouse moves up or down Kudos to the devs on this one. I can't wait for the updates that are coming.
very hilarious with friends
Fun gameplay loop, good graphics, best game to either destroy your friendship or demolish your friendship
mi yok ? Marketten karakter ve dronlar sayesinde tek olsa daha
hell of a game, lot of fun. only issues are some connection problems and game glitching out and freezing with no save after a few rounds.
Very fun game with you friends
11 10
jUEGALO YA
Is very nice and fun with friends, voice chat can be cooked at times but I enjoy it :D
10 10
This game has done something to me that i cannot control. my skin crawls whenever i am not playing this game. All i can hear is the voices in my head saying, "Repo Night" "Is it Repo Night" "REPO REPO REPO" I need someone to help me. its so bad that i dont care what the squad is. It could be zeke, lukas, kael. Even him, that fat tub of lard budlong. but worst of all, i am so desperate to play that i would even play with The one we dont speak of. Ne, ,n, n, Nextonic. SOMEONE PLEASE HELP ME I CANT GO ON ANY FUCKING LONGER.
sex
greap
Best game to play with friends.IF YOU PLAY ALONE YOU'LL SHIT YO PANTS!
juegazo
Lustiges Spiel wenn man seine Freunde verlieren will. Spielt es nicht mit Freunden die folgende Namen haben:
Benny oder Benjamin
Cem
Cems Freunde
this game is very fun with friends.
it is fun with friends
faking stupit pis of szit
P.E.P.O
Me gusta todo
yup
smesno i grustno
good
Ez nagyon
c bine
Really fun game to play with friends. Love the proximity chat.
bruh this game is so good! im literally going through withdrawals of it rn.
its funny to see people die in this game 10/10
dobra gra weleq ma malego siura
FUN AND FUNNY
funeh bean gaem
J.U.E.G.A.Z.O
chlen
Ta bueno
LETSGOSKI
yes blud clart pussyclart vaginalicious
Hi Iwana ask these will be avaliable to apple mac players ?
180*
es la puta polla
micas
WWWWWWWWW
The game is just flat out hilarious and somewhat simple! Shows how much fun a simple game can be among friends
its like lethal company but with robots.
i nearly suffocated myself laughing and i nearly suffocated myself hiding in a locker from an angry doll with knifes, 10/10
That fucking bird the i hate
That- fucking- bird- the- i- hate-
That- fucking- bird- the- i- hate-
You Should play it cause I played it
yes
cowgirl
fun
I'm not the biggest fan of horror games (too anxious) but REPO is absolutely fantastic! Hilarious with friends and just the right amount of creepy
This is a great Low-Impact High-Entertainment gaming experience! It has enough complexity to keep players occupied whilst leaving plenty of room for banter, role-play, improv, and player error. Also, super new player friendly!
As someone who was addicted to lethal company this game is so good. We just need better multiplayer servers to join random games. If you don't have friends join a disc and find some because this game is a blast.
YESSIR
change the logo
i almost didn't buy it specifically for that reason
i <3 repo tho
ASD
cok iyi
100/10
11 Bluetooth 10.
needs more content
Gutes Spiel
levei um tiro de um velho cego,fui usado como arma e deixado pra 10/10
how about next time you study a ant colony retard
Bombed a grandpa to death
Great game
NICE.
Fun
10/10
Very gud
MUITO
GH
gtc.y
Sobretodo si juegas con amigos
Se cerchi un gioco dove essere flammato per aver lasciato cadere un vaso questo fa per te.
10 10
Searching people to play with
ye
180
10 10
I hate HeadManor and that damn baby. Recommended
yes
Turns out I do need friends.
Anyone?
BOMBA
kuniligus
i like turtles
O JOGO TA MARAVILHOZO SO PRESISA DE UMA DUBLASE EM PORTUGUESE E INTERFACE EM PORTUGUES TMB MAIS O JOGO TA INGRIVEL
Gogi
Uncensored chat alone desearves a positive review.
Finally I can give my friends the word treatment
ich findes es geil wenn dein freund hinter dir redet und dann dieser bastard kommt und dir ein 360 noscope zu geben 10/10 game
Best game i have played in 2025 i love the proximity chat and how thje monsters can hear you talk
i like the grandpa with the shotgun
tenho medo da caveira hoje
fun fun, happe times
Monsters are OP.
1 hit of item equals -50% of its cost.
Unstable connections for parties.
Maps have a LOT of small items, but all of them are uninteractable.
Unfortunately not that fun.
Juego con un Aire a LethalCompany, pero con su propio toque, es muy divertido jugarlo con tus amigos o con gente random, muy bueno para socializar y conocer gente y cagarte de risa, solo el verdadero terror, recomendado
ha bla bla ble ble ble blu blu ha blblblblblblblblu
LINGA GULI GULI GULI WATCHA LINGA GUUUU LINGA GUUU,LINGA GULI GULI GULI WATCHA LINGA GUUUU LINGA GUUU
- Guy who annoyed the skull
Very fun. I get ptsd when ever i see an open door even in real life. 10/10 if you need to get PTSD. add cosmetics that u can get by achivements because then you dont have to pay for cosmetics
So much fun playing with friends!
Its fun if you have friends.
ta chido lamentablemente no tengo amigos :(
10/10
So much fun, cant stop laughing. Just keep the updates on coming Devs
Amazing game will not dissapoint, WORTH THE MONEY!
[b] A natural evolution on the "Lethal Company" formula that is able to stand out from the crowd to be something truly special. [/b]
In a sea of games inspired by the breakout success of Lethal Company, R.E.P.O. so far has been the only one to really rival it's success and for good reason. It has a solid gameplay loop and plenty of variety to keep you and your friends engaged for a good while.
Especially considering the price, and the fact it's in early access with new content coming very soon, this is a damn good game to pick up.
ABSOLUTE CINEMA
this game is funny when you play alone but it's much better to play with friends, i love this game already.
=)
best gameplay 2025
Muy buen juego para echar unas buenas risas, si te gusta el Lethal Company o el Content Warning definitivamente te este juego, es una mejorada de estos dos El problema es la falta de variedad en a mapas y enemigos, pero el juego acaba de salir y definitivamente actualizaciones
gggggit
10/10
VEry
TA re cheto
the funniest game ive ever played in my life lmao.
I'm going to throw the biggest temper tantrum anyone has ever seen if this doesn't win game of the year, semiworks literally came out of nowhere with this absolute GEM of a game
game is trash at the moment there are no public lobbies so you need friends to play
Repo is one of the funniest games played with friends. The combination of chaotic gameplay, wacky physics, and unexpected moments makes every session an absolute blast.
The best part? The sheer unpredictability. One second working together, and the next, everything is falling apart in the most ridiculous way possible. the perfect game for those who love co-op mayhem, creative problem-solving (or complete destruction), and nonstop laughter.
If looking for a game both hilarious and entertaining, Repo is a must-play. Highly recommended!
nice _-.,
happy birthday everyone
ze ;D
un 4% de players no tienen amigos
its fun and scary :D
peak
NEEDS OPEN LOBBIES
I don't have friends anymore
heebeehaba beehaheebaba hebabeebaheebee bahabee
crazy game snders lustig mit freunden
best game ever
I love that lethal clone, prolly the best one we got there right now
10 10
nice
YES good game fns
ES ES EL MEJOR JUEGO DEL MUNDO COMBINA PERFECTAMENTE EL TERROR Y LA PARA PODER DISFRUTARLO HAY QUE JUGARLO CON 1 O MAS AMIGOS JAJAJAJAJAJJAJAJAJAJ PORFAVOR COMPRENLO
very good
tampon
popici
Silly but love it
Esta guapisimo
AHHHHHHHHHHH ICH HAB KAKA IN DER HOSE
3 10 10
Las siglas [b]R.E.P.O.[/b] creo que significan [b]R[/b]etrasad0s [b]E[/b]n [b]P[/b]os de la [b]O[/b]bsolescencia.
10/10
100 LVL
10 10
very cool game jro
gay sim
just do your taxes its not worth it
sissisisisisi
Its both hilarious and scary, I like it
HIT
Ta bueno
Friend of mine gifted me the the game, it's been one of my favorites ever since.
-
- +
-
Old man head eats me under the table, crazy how this reflects my real life
cool
GOOD
Game is great. Desperately needs controller support though. I have a shoulder injury and can't play games with a mouse for more than ten minutes without agony. Too many buttons to map to controller properly as of now. Please please please!
gracioso
13+
co-op god
gut
Burbur
It's so intersting
gile2 best wei
400 2-3
so funny
If "YOU'RE THE MONSTER COME BACK HERE AND SCARE MEEEE" *Proceeds to beat the shit out of the monster* was a game it'd be this :kekw: 10/10
good
gud
so much funnnnnnnnnnnnnn by yourself and with friends!
meow
fun
5
Really fun games to play with anyone you want like friends or partner is not boring at all but it can get little annoying but it does not stop me from playing more its an awesome game I recommend it. but I'm looking for more friends who's into this type of games.
trabzonlularla daha zor
10/10 Game
got beat with a bat by my wife and got sent flying while another friend died from laughter
will play many times again
good
yes
es ist sehr witzig
JBL
-
seeeeeeee
goated
muy divertido, para pasar el tiempo entre amigos con gritos y pero por el momento no tiene multijugador en linea (tiene para unirte y ser el host pero solo disponible con amigos, no hay busqueda con randoms)
Good
bon jeu mais m plus d objet drole comme le sablier
1121231321412 10
uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
YEEAAAHHHH DUUDE
good game funny killy thing ma bababbbba
Me ha parecido un juego estupendo, aunque espero nuevas cosas que integren, como mapas, monstruos, y ajustes, que los precios de las cosas dependan de la cantidad de gente con la que juegues y que no llevar las cabezas de los a la nave tenga consecuencias como quitarte parte del dinero obtenido.
Fun game, but monsters seem to just guard important areas of the map making it impossible to play, also lightly tapping objects against a wall shouldn't deduct 2k of worth off an item smh
Died first
10 min spectating,
reborn
die first again
mati = ortografia z
Funniest horror game I ever played especially playing with friends is too funny. More funny then Lethal company. recommended
da recomand repo
Noch nie so bepisst vor lachen. :D :D
Very addictive when you've got 4 players
this game is so good and the charcters are goofy
R.E.P.O
180 10 10
funny ass game
funniest game bro best might even be better then lethal man keep p the good work
very good horror game 10/10
esta bien
Man, just about everything i wished for in a extraction game, decent horror and alot of FYSICS, LOVE IT!
11 10
fino
1111
Basically a copy of lethal company, but less fun. If it was $5, I wouldn't have refunded. Not worth $10 imo.
100 100
500
5
I'd sell my left eye juice to play another round of this game
its a really fun game and its a funny game
Muchas risas aseguradas con este juego. Amo esta comunidad y a los genios de este GOTY.
Solo pido que le LOGROS
Muy recomendado 10000/10
comprar
Lustiger geht's nicht mehr wenn du mit Freunden spielst. Auch wenn ein "Gewisser" Horrorfaktor enthalten ist kommt er nicht wirklich zum vorschein.
I can cave my friends head in with a vase, automatic recommend.
very good game
melhor jogo que eu joguei quem quiser jogar me chama no meu discord reidabatida pode mandar mensagem e
Muito viciante e mas a falta de amigos para jogar junto complica tudo.
This game is so fun like really fun, you grab that shi and throw them + love the physics
I enjoy being beaten with a mallet while my friends laugh and then being put in a trash chute while I have a beautiful time with my friends tbh imma be real with you i forgot I was typing a sentence and I don't know wher it went much like I don't know how REPO is such a fun a game with my friends. I love my friends. Have I mentioned how much I love my friends? I don't think I did but let me mention it again. I love my friends. Fun game. Could use more scary stuff. I would like to be peeing my pants all the time no safety net. thank you for making this game. Also this taught me how to stand up for my mom. Thank you! 10/10
This game is mega fun with friends
- -
kolega spuszcza mnie w kiblu. Gierka spoko
same friend bought me this, goated game, i love it,
Funniest Crap ever. Character models are absolutely legendary and the items and monsters make for some really funny interactions. All the funny videos you see of this game are true. The funniest things can happen to anyone at any time.
Lenthal Company
GOOD
Gioco molto divertente in compagnia! Stra consigliato
is eh super
great fun
"Repo bots took my fridge, my TV, and even my will to live. Still better than my actual debt collector."
Easy to pick up and plenty to learn. great with at least one friend. Dont forget to pay the taxman.
(11/10) No sale nada como lo tenias pensado, el videojuego.
FUN WITH FRIENDS
lethal company,
good fun great
+
15 10
10 10
W GAME
hk
me got diamond, diamond broke me sad
10/10
im very happy the game is a game that i played it very fun it game i play with no one :c
peak
tarik forced me to buy it but fun game
sranda
A wickedly fun game. If you need something to compare it to it's along the premise of Lethal Company with the absurdity of Content Warning. Highly recommend- one of the best party games I've played.
MUITO BOM E LEGAL SE VDC NAO TEM AMIGO TESTA ACHA UM PORQUE E MUITO BOM COM AMIGO
very good
10 10
Pretty Fun
LINGANG GULI GULI GULI
The best game in the world, you can't make a game better then this :]
[h1] ✅ Divertido [/h1]
Es un buen juego de terror cooperativo. No es nada del otro mundo, pero te lo pasas bien.
Eso si, la del juego es lo feo que he visto en mucho tiempo, cambiadla por dios!
quien para jugar, mis son unos giles
Legendary S.H.I.T
AAAAA and XAXAXAXXAX
Pretty fun especially with a group of friends
Step 1. Drive to haunted mansion
Step 2. Loot
Step 3. Get scared the shit out of u from big floating head
Step 4. Somehow survive
Step 5. Deliver the loot
Step 6. You just earned money YAY
Step 7. REPEAT.
9/10
bn
this game is an absolute riot when you play it with your crew, nonstop laughs, wild vibes, and the kind of chaos
le le le eshkere goida le le le
very fun
AMUSAN
fucking grineren
Peak
better than LC
10 10
R.E.P.O. R.E.P.O.,
10 10
10 10 (
good
szukam ze w R.E.P.O z
R.E.P.O ,R.E.P.O
ebash
My new favorite game! So much fun!
funny
imbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
soooo based only in ohio
TTOOOOOP! and im gey
gfggg
10 jbl 10
veeery fun to play with gang
Very good
40
Very fun company like game. The physics and manipulation of objects sends me to dopamine moon.
You don't just need weapons to kill enemies, you can get creative with your environment or use the various valuable items to your advantage!
Playing in a duo can still be fun vs 4 or 6 just less chaotic and more meticulous.
Would recommend to anyone who feels lethal company has grown stale in your play group.
Ist absolut funny, mit freunden mehr als alleine. Aber auch alleine ist es witzig.
ihr wissen.
It's a good time with friends.
very fun
muy buenoo
fun to play with friends not too hard nor too easy
jeu amusant et cris quasi constant mdr
10 10
Very funnyy small dudes and racist monsters
this is goofy ass hell
Really fun to play with friends, love the mechanics, especially when we all die
it is fun but not fun if you are alone so i hope for the next update to be like where you can join peoples lobbys even if they are not your friends
very fun with friends
piec zuk kucz
so much fun
muito jogar com os FRIENDS
Hilarious game, I love the atmosphere and how on edge it gets me, but the comedic relief my teammates bring when one of us does something silly makes it so much better! Loving this game so far and can't wait to see what else comes to it :)
ghbrjkmyfz
bu oyunu sadece
zaman otizimli
this game is a vibe. its so fun with like the right amount of stress.
looking forward to future updates and more content.
connection timed out 10 10
No
Great fun with friends! The devs have been very transparent in their future plans for the game which makes me excited to see what's in the future for this game.
-
<3
GOTY
good game
bars
gut
This game is silly and scary and funny and everything you'd want in a great multiplayer game. If you love playing games with friends, this is a SOLID choice.
Super kul
is suggested to get a password lock for the room, passers-by are very unfriendly and destroy the game
180
Absolute blast, the devs seem like absolute Chads, can't wait to see what else they add!
vereis vneicenoik gaemase varise fanny pack
very funny
:3
If you wondered, what if I did that? You're most likey to die or get other people dead. 10/10 game
Fun game that u can play with ur friends. Also soundpad and omds adding more fun to the game
My gf and I bought the game just for making jokes to eachother, I dont regret at all athis point
funny
10 10
Me like game,
very scare and fun fun,
Me want gum gum
Fajna gierka ze znajomymi.
great game cant wait to see where it goes
good game i guess could be my favorite idk
Fun, Thrilling, and Comedy xD.
VEry good game one pound fish
fino
monsters have wallhack. damage through walls, poor hitboxes, regular client server issues, u will lost all ur fckin progress because of this shit
10 10
Good Game!
ri pra caralho, da poha compra
alleine Ich es nicht spielen weil ich glaub das es langweilig ist aber mit meinen Leuten macht das richtig laune also diffinitiv ja es empfehlen geiles Game!
za 10 5 let pokud teda omlazuje.
A super
niceo
LethalCompany -
GOOD GAME
Bolo de simples
1 de de
4 ovos
2 de de
1 de de leite morno
2 de de farinha de trigo
1 de de
1 colher de sopa de fermento em
Modo de Preparo
Bolo de simples
1
Bata no liquidificador o ovos e a ficar Depois, adicione leite e bata novamente
2
Com o liquidificador batendo, adicione farinha de trigo aos poucos.
3
Acrescente o e bata misturar bem.
4
Sem bater, acrescente o e misture com uma
5
Despeje em uma forma untada com manteiga. Leve para assar em forno preaquecido a 250 graus Celsius por 35 minutos.
wow very very very nice game with friends
-
just yes
10 10
Peak game honestly.
muito bom muito divertido muito legal
soo good with people and solo
10 10!
bad teammates go into toilet jail
Funny haha very good yes
11 10
111 10
Really good game! Not just a Lethal Company remake, it actually has change in gameplay. Hopefully the DEVs focus on updates and doesn't ditch the game like Lethal did.
GAME IS THE BEST WHAT I PLAY I RESPECTLY RECOMENDED IT!
got gifted it to play with my friends, its silly and funny i enjoy it and want to play it constantly now!
JBL
fucking suuupa!
THIS GAME IS THE BEST THING IVE PLAYED ON STEAM ME AND MY FRIENDS HAD SO MUCH FUN
mam kurwa siedem minut w tej grze
Pet the duck :D
um jogo perfeito para jogar com os amigos, reunir a galera e dar umas boas risadas, ou enlouquecer quebrando os objetos de valor, recomendo
-
Very funny shenanigans happen. Nerf robe.
ww
ate and left no crumbs, absolutely devoured
recommend to play with friends, very fun
51
its super fun and scary
moy bueno
10 10
fun :p
random funny and at the same time scary
guud game
10 10
Perfecto para mi :)
This game is amazing and fun to play with a group of friends! Its so funny and entertaining, I highly recommend it!
Los mejores que he gastado en mi vida!
w game
jbl
10 10
This game is more of a comedy game if ur playing with friends, You end up laughing more then being scared. Seeing ur friend get shot by the huntman makes you chuckle.
good game with out mic
Was soll ich sagen, das Spiel macht einfach alleine oder mit Freunden mega Spass lohnt sich zukaufen und echt preiswert
Man this game has potential but the buggy graphics and extremely bogus enemies makes this not fun to play. There is no counterplay.
Worth the money, its a hella good game and even if you die you still laught.
8
That Game is FUN
15 10
R.E.P.O. um jogo muito criativo e divertido. Uma escolha para jogar com seus amigos. O jogo repetitivo, vai ser uma experiencia totalmente diferente toda vez que jogar
friend trapped me in a closet with a live grenade and blew me up
10/10 would play again
juegazo con amigos se pasan las horas volando literal!
Great game, But i would love to have public lobbies or matchmaking to play with random players it would make the game so much more fun.
Please add public matchmaking.
funny robot goes yap yap
funny baby "gets crushed"
Z\
Hygge
funny, in every way possible, especially with friends
11 10
:) xD
polecam gierke
Este juego es increible, faltan mas enemigos que den sustos y mapas nuevo junto a nuevos objetos.
bien las voces en
playing repo makes u want friends
c est un jeu beaucoup amusant et drole les graphismes c est top pour un jeu d horreur les monstres aussi peuvent nous entendre parler franchement ce jeu je vous le recommande et surtout si vous etes a plusieurs le jeu sera encore plus amusant
A great lethal company inspired game. Teamwork here is more important and is actually more fun in that aspect. Also hilarious avatar designs with moving mouths
Fun little Multiplayer game. Good, easy to use mechanics. i would say the only real feedback would be, enhance graphics. would love to see some hyper realism, atmosphere would be spooky and funny.
10 10
"Congrats u bullied Daniel, heres ur medal"
Is a good Game
The game is a better lethal company it could be a bit more fleshed out but that's what why we have updates. Is realy enjoyable especially with friends, there's a lot of enemies that work in uniqe and interesting ways although there are some bugs like the huntsman being able to shoot through a wall when you agroed him and he's too close to the wall because his gun poked out through the wall. Or flashlight lights can be seen through walls. And a pet peeve of mine the grabbing sound. It sounds like a distant heavy stomp and after 24h of playtime my brain still register it as enemy noises. Also you can't hear enemies through wall even if the ground is literally shaking (like the trudge) but the gameplay loop is super fun, you can upgrade yourself for example sptrint speed, pick up strenth also if you're good you can do some realy goofy stuff with the objects and enemies.
amazing, funny and quirky, really enjoying it, but that logo sucks, I get that its the TAX man and hes an evil overlord, but use the little robots as a logo will clear a lot of misconceptions people have about the game.
180 10 10
its mad fun especially when messing with friends. Once you get a gun its even better.
Odio al pato
nicer game compare to the other horror games I played before
Fun game similar to lethal company but i find this one to be better.
foda demais slk
Great game, just need to make it so their can be public lobbies so you can play with random people and allow cross-platform
Tak
R.E.P.O. R.E.P.O.
R.E.P.O > Lethal Company
its epic
It is very addicting i got it yesterday and played it for 7.6 hours straight without stopping to do anything expect get a drink and food
I think this just as if not better than lethal for one factor and thats Team play
very cool
aveva giurato di fare un game e refoundarlo
e invece non vedo l'ora di rigiocarci PD!
Game Good
liki
Great game, no friends :(
very fun and funny with friends lol makes amazing clips
Gameplay
good game
Not gonna lie, a friend got this for me and I expected it to be shifty lethal company, it actually is a fun different experience though, I'd pick it up while it's on sale
sehr gutes Spiel, so am Abend mit Kollegen bisschen chillen. viele witzige momente und einfach coole
Very fun to play and even funnier with friends. L.O.V.E IT <3
One of the most interesting co-op games in recent times. Every aspect is very well polished, even on the day of release I did not come across any bugs. The solutions and ideas in the game are really amazing, the developers really made an effort to make the game play smoothly and without any strange, forced rules. Devs are incredibly open to ideas and suggestions from players which is an amazing plus. I can definitely recommend this game, for this price it is hard to find a co-op game that will be as interesting as R.E.P.O.
12 10
WW
10 10
My friends are stupid
gioco fantastico seppure appena uscito
hijoputa
best games if u want to laugh for hours for only 9 euros buy this game (IF U GOT MORE THAN URSELF)
Its SO good but its not public man
Insanely fun
i love it. it is very fun i like how it is solo and multiplayer. so cool cant wait for the next update!
porn's more polite than this shit
Oyun ruhu efsane. Lethal C'den iyidir diyemem fakat mekanik olarak, oyun olarak oyun kat kat daha iyi. zaten oyunlar bunun var. Ruhunu 4 5 tane arka arkaya gelmesi sorun yok. 1-2 ve 3 minimum oyuncu tavsiyemdir.
R.E.P.O. -
MUST PLAY
10/10,
A true masterpiece of co-op horror!
R.E.P.O. is not just a game, an explosion of emotions and adrenaline! My friends and I jumped in just for fun, but we got so hooked that we completely lost track of time. The atmosphere is so intense that we even decided to record a video of our best moments! -
The physics absolutely insane! Watching your friend trip over a crate and fall down a ladder, or accidentally pushing each other in a panic, is pure comedy.
The tension is real darkness, eerie sounds, and unexpected monster appearances create the perfect balance of fear and fun.
Variety of enemies every mission feels fresh, and you never know what to expect.
Teamwork is key! One mistake and over! We were screaming in voice chat so loud that our neighbors probably heard us.
even better is that the developers keep improving the game, adding more content. We wait to see next!
Pro tip: Play with friends playing solo is terrifying, but in a group, pure joy!
Verdict: A MUST PLAY for anyone who loves co-op horror with crazy moments!
10/10, looking forward to updates and more content!
I like this game because it gives Content Warning and Lethal Company vibes, it also is very good for its price and it looks really good for an 8GB RAM game, it is also well made with good maps and good monsters, it is overall one of the BEST games I have ever played so far
J
nos hace
tare
The average R.E.P.O. experience
❌ R.E.P.O: The Retrieve, Extract, and Profit Organization
✅ R.E.P.O: Really Entertaining Profit Off (Of your friends' efforts)
-
ME: I FOUND DIAMOND
FRIEND: WHERE? *Proceeds to slam cart into my body*
ME: *Flings diamond from impact, shattering it* NOWHERE ANYMORE
FRIEND: WHY YOU BREAK IT?
ME: [BEEP] YOU
-
ME: Wow look we got like 20k
FRIENDS: Let's blow up the shop grenades and send all the upgrades flying to who knows where.
ME: Wait-
-
Learn to headbutt your friends, best decision you'll ever make, don't forget to put them in the toilets. Also make sure to take their upgrades, they love it.
THE GAME IS GREAT ITSELF. BUT THE EMOJI ALMOST MADE ME DON'T EVEN WANT TO GIVE A F TO THIS GAME. JUST REPLACE IT PLEASE
10 / 10 ; gonna have some fried rice with DUCK now never pat the duck
You ever think "What would happen if I flush my friend down the toilet?" or "I wonder what would happen if I hold this duck?" Well then this is the game you are looking for.
10 JBL 10
385
game so good i jizzed
Was soll man Schreiben. Das Spiel R.E.P.O ist in allen Punkten einfach genial. Gerade in einer Runde mit Freunden kann man Stunden lang haben ohne das langeweille auftaucht. Das ist so gut wie nicht zu toppen. Ich kann das Spiel jedem empfehlen der Bock auf ein Ko-Op/Horror Game sucht den er mit Freunden spielen will.
best horror coop game what i played
really funny game can be sometimes scary
:D
An innovation on the growing "horror extraction" genre. As per usual, the fun is made by the people you play with, so grab your crowd and enjoy!
Mega lustig, vorallem mit Freunden :D Ich empfehle das Game zu 100%!
i like all abt this game
so far loving it, i feel like it just needs more content, and more incentive to get to further rounds. currently we get to like round 5 and start feeling like our health doesnt matter. more weapon options that are easier to use would be nice, as well as a change to how fast stamina builds. we spend a little too much time hiding in one spot waiting for enemies to leave.
goofy as shit and also fun to grind
also killing your friends with perfectly timed explosives is a glorious joy
yhc guc
it is fun but with time it gets boring
duck is cute <3
ist ein gutes spiel umd macht sehr viel mit freunden
FUN
10 10
guohohhhhh im repoing it uhjhhggfgmdmfmg
wo yo da ji ji
10 10
amazing
AAA
1
buen juego si tienes amigos, (menos cuando te matan tus propios 10/10
GOK GOK GOK GOK
100/100
Strange spooky ahh monsters
People flying
Explosions
Top Comical Moments
100/10
absolutely get it with friends
Network unplayable today. Should allow p2p.
Will change this review if it's solved in the future.
Les monstres nous tuent c'est rigolo et les vases sont fragiles c'est lore accurate car enfaite dans la vraie le vase quand tu le mets par terre fort bah se casse donc c'est bien fait. Le chasseur aveugle n'y voit rien mais a une bonne on s'y croirait vraiment :o
go fan
:)
good
Jogo maravilhoso para jogar com os amigos. PURA RESENHAAAAAA!
dope game
I like this game funny moments in I'm fine I'll have on this game
dfghijndfgihogfdihodgsf
I don't think I have laughed so hard in my life. This game is a like Lethal Company but the physics, robots, and overall mechanics make it stand out. One of the best games I have played this year for sure.
noiceeeeeeeee game highly recommended
This game is kinda the same as lethel company but here you can damage items wich makes it more difficult
veri guud, funny and not giving anxiety like lethal kompany. Me
5555
gyat
Honestly, this game is hilarious. I've had some of my best laughs on this game with a group of friends! If you're debating on buying it, please get it! It will make you cry laughing.
I LOVE this game, not the duck, but the only problem i have is that when i exit a save it gets replaced with a lvl 100 "Team Semiooooooets" run, idk what to do
Every time I try to join a friend or host a game it just instantly takes me back to the lobby and it says host client timeout which makes the game unplayable for me, I even uninstalled several times and it still wont work
skibidi toilet
good.
ta de risas
Sehr lustig, besonders mit freunden
Goofy asf its a good time with friends
10/10
when u get 360 no scope'd by the blind hunter cuz u farted, that how u know u gotta stop and go touch some grass
I played with a bunch of friends, it was in the first half then it started to just get extremely boring after the 1.5 hour mark. It's basically a Lethal Company but with other twists.
It's a really cool game but, it just doesn't click for me.
120 10
)
)
Very fun game!
wonderful game!
really reccomend playing with in game voicechat, makes it more hilarious.
-Hoping for a mic fix so that we didn't have to switch ports
-hoping for more buyable items in the shops, like stamina regen speed upgrades, or more weapons and such,
-hoping the difficulty increases, our friendgroup has comfortably reached level 16! and hoping to go even further all together LOL
some critique!
I think the monsters should all have more specific sound queue's like how L4D has them for the special infected.
Also das Spiel ist eine klare 10/10 weil es macht mit freunden aber auch alleine
dfgdfgdfgdf
Dude, this game is insane
SOUNDPAD
mega prdel
PEAK
roast a duck yes
Super fun game with friends/family! Proximity chat makes it hilarious. If your looking for a game that will have you screaming and cackling all it once; this is the game for you!
10
God
An absolute blast, laughed until I cried. The dev team is funny, super communicative and honestly seem great. Price point is ABSOLUTELY worth the fun we've had with it.
Recommendation: touch the duck!
Lethal-Like with fun physics and hilarious text chat.
[b]W game.[/b]
Fun game i get to troll all my friends and listen to them cry about it will do again 10/10
12 10
dieses spiel macht absolut keinen sinn weder ihr habt nur hergestellt ihr
"Grabbing, Screaming, and Not to Love?
Basically the perfect combo of 'ghost hunting' and 'I-hope-my-friends-don't-scream-louder-than-me.' You and up to 5 pals wander into creepy places armed with a physics tool that lets you grab things. and also freak out when you grab a monster instead. The proximity voice chat means hear your friends scream right before the monster eats comedy gold. terrifying, hilarious, and a fantastic way to find out which of your friends are really ready for a horror game. 10/10 would get eaten again!"
Game Of the Year!
360 5743634 10
Tengo problemas con el lo soluciono?
good
180
ich wurde von einer pistole erschossen
NICE GAME
The game is so good that I can't live without it anymore!
juste super entre pote, et si on comprend les mobs et leurs points faibles, de clutch
Getting cornered by a big ass 3D skull 10/10
If your looking for a good multiplayer game to play with your friends.
I 100% recommend playing this game.
My favorite part is that I get to throw my friends around.
i love how they look at me and get freaky with me
lo que buscas es un juego de alta y todo lo mejor. Tal vez!
Pero lo mejor son las risas y darle palo a tus amigos por cometer errores! 11/10
Yes do it now
amazing game all in all, highly recommend.
Never have i laughed so hard while simultaniously questioning inteligence of my friends while struggling to push a big ass box through a door without breaking it.
Very good indeed.
Fajnie gra Androidami
ale nazywanie Dziadka z strzelba cwelem pod nie dobrze
ZZZZZZZZZ
best gem buy
physics.
lffff
NET ALIP OYNAYIN BUNA LETHAL COMPANY TARZI OYNAMA GELSE
SOAFER SAYA XD
GAV GAV GAV
funny as fu with pieps
awesome
bla bla blu blu guli guli
10 10
Good game :)
jbl
im gonna post it on my discord server so people will join this incredible and fun game
Lethal Company, nur leichter zu verstehen
-
funny physics make me happy
i can say anything in this game :)
Still in Early Access and already so damn awesome!
Awesome gameplay,
Awesome Items,
Awesome Enemies,
Best Loading Screen I've ever seen!
Please add smt to make duo or solo gameplay better/easier, can't get past stage 3.
I'd love to see more stuff coming the further you go, so its more rewarding to get through the levels and to make the game more interesting!
Also, I'd be great if the game doesnt end if everyone is dead but just grabs half of your money and delete the stuff you collected, so you can keep going!
Add Pandas (or sex) pls
Thx so much blessing us with this wonderful game,
lov ya Semiwork <3
Exercisebooooook
game dummy and funny
sigma
rizz skibidi game
gioco molto bello
axyet ne vstat
fun interacive game where you can run solo or with ur friends messing around playing music and blowing shit to bits.
Better with friends and excited to get more clips of complete bullshit
100 10
Lustigste game 2025, die Ente sollte das Logo sein und mir mehr maps + Mobs die genaus so lustig sind wie der und die Ente
10 10
2 12/10
A genuinely hilarious and fun game that's challenging and one you would be better playing with friends, ideally a large, chaotic group.
Devs, please, PLEASE get that emoji out of the game's main branding.
It made me skip this over from the steam store almost instantly.
This game is fantastic, and I only played because friends encouraged me to give it a try. Also PLEASE expand the max players to 8, we've got larger groups and often have to have people sit out games and wait as a result.
it is a good game and funny
nice game
very good
4 6 8 -
bacano
uno dei migliori giochi co-op che ho provato quest'anno
10 10
1-3
I have been jumped about 293 times now and i want to kill myself
11/10 whoud play again
thumbs up
good
honestly,this game is fantastic,it's really funny with friends but it keeps the horror style,congrats to the creators
Is gud, scary
Super gra w kiblu :)
3-4 5-6
Veryyyy Niceeee
Classic
Espere mais risadas do que sustos, muitas risadas. 10/10
BLab BLab Bbab,
Bleb Bleb Bleb,
Blu Blu Blu,
Heup,
Blelb Blelb Blelb Blelb Blelb Blelb Blelb Blelb Blelb Blelb Blelb Blelb Blelb Blelb Blelb Blelb Blelb Blelb Blelb Blelb Blelb Blelb Blelb Blelb Blelb Blelb Blelb Blelb Blelb Blelb Blelb Blelb Blelb Blelb Blelb Blelb
Luh Luh Luh,
Linggang Guli Guli Guli~ Wa Ka Linggang Gu Linggang Gu~
Linggang Guli Guli Guli~ Wa Cha Linggang Gu Linggang,
Linggang Guli Guli Guli~ Wa Cha Linggang Gu Linggang Gu~
Linggang Guli Guli Guli~ Wa Cha Linggang Gu Linggang Gu~
Kon Sain Sa~
obrigado pelo jogo Geroge, da poha
c'est bien avec des pote
It's funny, until it's scary. And even then it's funny.
aedarhgsdetrh
slay
FUN FUN FUNNY FUN ENJOYABLE
good game
> load in
> gather friends
> silly tax man forces us to steal from stranger's houses
> my friend gets lost from the group
> we hear a scream
> friend's head comes flying down the stairs
> panic
> monsters hear us
> i hide under the table and watch as everyone else gets slaughtered
10/10
best
i liek much fun
Buen juego para jugar con amigos. Risas aseguradas.
Bucaneros
A la mar ireis
Con vuestro gorro de pajilla
A todo gas
EL GOMAS!
hehe, me make robot say politically incorrect word
5 5
sohndpad
- Grab a glass cup
- Friend yells and screams
- Turn around too fast
- Break the glass on his head
- He goes tumbling right into a giant head with a giant mouth
- He explodes as another friend swings a baseball bat
- am feeling funny
- World is spinning and am flying
- Everyone screams
- One of us glows pink as he is holding a strange potion also glowing pink
- He starts to write a robotic kinky ballad for every single one of us
- He tells I make his day go beep-boop
- He looks cool as heck in the middle of chaos as we scream and stumble
- Get sent back to lobby screen
- No one talks about what happened.
- 10/10 experience, would carry a pink potion as others explode any day.
repo is all about finding the heaviest, most expensive shit you can find and accidentally smashing it into a thousand tiny little pieces trying to fnangle it down a staircase past a giant floating head
d
10 10
Es ist ein mega lustiges und Horror Game!
lmao imagine releasing a lethal company knockoff and having the BALLS to not even include the ability to play with randoms. The audacity on these developers is insane.
)
20
:)
played with 3 friends for 7 hours straight this game is a must have
i love fent
Je to sranda
10 10
very nice very good
hauska
Hate the baby
10/10
Best Lethal Company clone by far. EXTREMELY fun with friends. 10/10 would play again and will play again.
W+space+q=
zabawnie z kolegami potworem do dziury XD
10 10
1
11 10
ta wapo
game is so ahh, lethal company ripoff. super boring after 2 hours. rather donate the amount of money i bought this with to an homeless guy then actually buying this ahh game. game is so bad that i wouldnt even want to get payed to play it. lethal company is way scarier, funnier, and has more monsters. same with the content warning game, it was fun for a few days, went to mods to make it more fun, after a week the game died. same with ts game, its gonna die and just gonna be stopped making it. DO NOT BUY TS
Ta Bueno
10 de 10
dikkat et
The best game ever!
RIP Lethal Company. Whoever made this game really has their finger on the pulse of what makes a game fun. Even the UI is spectacular.
The complaints about the emoji are severely overblown. The only time you even see emojis is when you're ending the mission and it fits the "texting my deranged boss" aesthetic perfectly.
It's such a good game and when you play it with a bunch of people it's super fun!
10/10 I could play it 24/7 hahah
10 10
10 10
10 10
10 10
10 10
HAHHAHAH
Fun
GREAT GAME WISH IS HAD SERVER LIST
Akhuitelnaya igra
ITS SOOOO GOOD TO PLAY WITH FRIENDS
(if u dont have friends i do not recommend you to play it)
+r.e.p.o
Got scared and Ran. Hid in a Fridge. stay in fridge. all friends missing. Then to scared to move. Game is 10/10
One of the best games in the last few years for me. Even if you think it will be boring to play, it's not. But I don't recommend playing alone. I don't usually write reviews, but I couldn't get past them here.
I hate the gnomes
+WWW
good for ragebaiting friends i agree as goty
#wh #aim #soBadAnticheat #spinBot #cheating
Kolsuz olan o ile az oyundan biri, sinir krizi ama en bu sefer o sizi zamanda
this game so fun man me and temu friend we play together
12 10
boom pow clap
1. steam,
2. 1 GPU 99%-95%
3. 2-3 3
Lethal Company
This game kept making me say "oh my god this is so stupid. I love it"
Very funny game, only 3 hours in but many many laughs
REPO:
oyun baya tek oyunu pek olmuyorda ile girince baya 11/10 hocam
bon jeu, extremement je recommande faire avec des amies
Suffers from the same problems as lethal company, though is admittedly slightly better. Tedious and buggy
so funny
si
10 10,
such a funny game to play with your friends
good we need Chinese
yes
linganguliguliguliguliwatchalingangu
prikolno
:)
very fun
8
can kill frens
10 / 10
Excellent jeu en coop, humour et horreur bien 5/5
200
it'S GOOD SO YOU SHOULD BUY IT
You can shove your friends in the damn toilet. Very cool, would recommend 10/10
11 10.
po 11 minutach jsem potkal neakeho reapera a posral jsem se 10/10
dziadek odjebal cyca
Game Good :)
Super fun
j ai foutu un pied dans un truc chimique j'ai perdu ma game trop bien
game fun
HILARIOUS AND FUNNY ASF, love it XD
le meilleur jeu du genre
Pick up the duck
a
good!
best game
this game is so fun right now me and my friend group has been playing this together and its so funny when the monsters scare u
very cool
Amazing game. I might have shit, piss, and cummed myself. Very enjoyable
the game was very fun to play the more people you play with the more fun it is so i will definitely recommend it
Very fun with friend highly recommend
Even our own allies are monsters when they break priceless items in front of your bulging eyes.
noice
:) i wanna multiplayaer pls
best horror game in 2025, and it is funny :D
Breaks all shit/10
it's a lot of fun but currently a lot of the enemies are silent roaming instakill monsters which seems pretty unfair given your abyssmal stamina. granted there are stamina and speed upgrades.
there are much more fun enemies that have mechanics tied to them, and i really enjoy those. but i really only die to the same 3 enemies, the shotgun guy, the masked ghost and the floating head.
it's very fun with friends, but the way a run ends is nearly always the same
Juegardo muy gracioso y perfecto para jugar con tus compas
lubie repo
android bot go brrrrrr
funny when u play with ppl scary alone 10/10
+ Es ist ein sehr Lustiges spiel, wo man auf nichts vorbereitet sein kann, alles ist
+ In einer Gruppe macht es viel
- Nur eins finde ich Schade: Das es nur ein speicher stand spielbar ist, und wenn man ein anderes spiel spielt
wird das alte also man immer von neu an, egal ob Single-player Modus oder Multiplayer.
homerun R.I.P OddV1PSTER you shall not be forgotten after such masterpiece death XD
i
funny
-{ }-
☐
☐
☑
☐
☐
☐
☐ MS-DOS
-{ }-
☐
☑
☐
☐
☐
☐
-{ }-
☐
☐
☑
☐
☐
☐
-{ }-
☑
☑
☑
☐
-{ }-
☐
☐
☑
☐
☐
☐
-{ }-
☐
☑
☐ /
☐
☐
☐ Dark Souls
-{ }-
☐
☐
☐
☑
☐
☐
-{ }-
☑
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
-{ }-
☐
☐
☐
☐
☑
-{ }-
☐
☑
☐
☐
☐
☐
-{ }-
☐
☑
☐
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐
-{ 9 / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☑ 9
☐ 10
-{ }-
very gud game
R.E.P.O ist kleinere Freundesgruppen ein super spiel. Es ist zu Lethal Companie und auch ohne viel Vorbereitung zu spielen. Der ein oder andere Lacher und/oder Erschrecker sind ebenfalls garantiert.
FF
j'y est jouer en coop et franchement on a adorer le entre horreur et les moment on passe un bon moment qu'on a envie de relancer le jeu a chaque fois
meow mrow mraow mrp mow *purrs*
szuka satysfakcji, szybkiego progresu, prostych decyzji i odstresowania po dniu, to niech nie pyta czy byl planowanym dzieckiem. Gierka fajna
Muito divertido, para jogar com amigos top!
70 Join Game
100 10
Soundpad
so good to play w friends ma g
fun
peak game
peak horror
funny fucking shit
so far
Lethal Company - 2023
Content Warning - 2024
R.E.P.O - 2025
overall rating
very fun horror coop. 10 out of 10 perfect for friends to screw around on
(fun with randoms too)
We all died because we walked out a door leading into a death pit
10/10
emoji guy needs to brush his teeth
If u play this game get a soundpad, trust me it's funny!
KOBEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
10/10
11/10
10 jbl 10
this game cured my depression and my cancer
so fye
wow
good soup.
top
O.T.S.O.S.I.T.E.
the best 9 i euro ever spent
i love bullying my friends and watching them die from own stupidity (im the stupidest one)
killed a giant laser creature with Grenades then died to a land mine 10/10 game
amazing.
silly little game about frodgs
yes
94
10,5 10
-
Epic game that fixes the gameplay flaws of lethal company
Muy divertido con amigos
is good
10 10)
-
great game, makes me wish that I could put my friends into more precarious situations in real life.
10/10
nunca que un juego protagonizado por los bichos del Android diera tanto miedo
a really really great horror coop blending fun and scary quite well!
with some freshing physics horror gameplay that really triple the fun to play with friends
and i really really recommend to hop on this game with friends, atlest bring one or two
a great game to enjoy with ur buddies!
9/10
The best
AAAA
)
all laughs and fun!
9/10
Love hearing my friends scream
10/10
Very good game. Funny robots and ups simulator.
-
Duck is love, duck is life.
Super jeu, prenant avec des niveaux, des cartes et une qui bien selon les niveaux
(20/30)[/h3]
R.E.P.O.
(6/15)[/h3]
(7/10)[/h3]
(3/5)[/h3]
(5/10)[/h3]
R.E.P.O.
(4/10)[/h3]
(3/5)[/h3]
(3/5)[/h3]
R.E.P.O.
R.E.P.O.
51/100[/h3]
☐
☐
☐
☑
☐
☐
☐
☐
☑
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☑
☐
☐
☐
☑
☑
☑
☐
☑ Paint
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐ NASA
☑ 'w'= win
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐ GLaDOS
☐
☐
☐
☑
☐
☐
☐
☑
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☑
☐
☑
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☑
☐
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐
1 / 10
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☑ 7
☐ 8
☐ 9
☐ 10
p.s
I now hate ducks
jbl
what a fun game to play with friends, 10/10 on Fun. I cant wait for the new maps!
Got bullied and ruined my friendship over an uranium mug. 10/10
The monsters honestly aren't great so far BUT the game makes up for this with very fun mechanics. Whoever programmed the eye movements deserves a raise. However I don't think you'll have much fun playing this without friends, but they ARE planning on adding online lobbies! So for what the game costs, and it being in early access, I reccommend it if you enjoyed Lethal Company and Content Warning
good
Nice
Gyat
t [][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][]
Entro al juego, invito a mis amigos, recolectamos cosas para vender, llega un monstruo y con un rayo pulveriza a 2 de mis amigos, cuando vamos de regreso uno desaparece nunca lo volvimos a ver, otro muere a manos de una manada de gnomos que lo hasta acabar con su vida, de 5 solo uno volvio con vida y con probable postraumatico, GOTY
G.A.M.E.
I got eaten by a big floating old man's head.
10/10 GOTY
Funny Robots
Fun
funny with the homies
goated.the only downside is that i ant get the robossy
Good and Fun Game!
Un juego sencillo de entender, y divertido cuando son los 6 jugadores porque se aprende la importancia de estar vivos y trabajar en conjunto y ver quien es el que se roba todo que uno se compra, aunque de agregar un poco mas de historia en los personajes o sus habilidades. Pero viendo los comportamientos y tener un amigo que le gusta investigar con las bestias ser mejor visto. 10/10
HELP
1
LINGAGULIGULIGULIGULIGULI GUAHCA LINGA GU LINGA GU
jbl
Despite the short hours I've played of this game, it's one of the very few games that got a huge gut-busting laugh out of me despite me being a relatively quiet person. Would definitely recommend playing with friends.
A good time.
I can't find where to turn off friendly fire
A better and more fun version of Lethal company
Recentcy bias the game.
No build up to any monsters, you see them long before you hear them unlike in other similar games
90% of the game is just watching your friend walk through identical hallways occassionally picking up something for 15 mins since you died to a random monster when you spawned because, of course.
Fun for an hour or two
begenemedim
really fun
Best horror game ever,i like the animation,build,the mechanics
best
meme
game
2025
4 -
Fun, interactive and social game. Really good to play with friends and spend time. Avoiding monsters in the earlier levels is really challenging and fun. The incentive of the shop and the multiple tools and upgrades helps keep the game engaging and interactive
fun,funny,scary moments 8.9/10
fun to play with friends, i need friends
I literally have a stitch from 2 nights ago because I was laughing so f'n hard, it so fun and funnier with a full lobby!
There is an issue I had with one of the monsters attacking through walls but I'm sure it'll be patched, if not already.
10 JBL 10
10 10
4 2004
JBL
blah blah blah bleh bleh bleh bluh bluh bluh
android
lingang guli guli guli
4
a lot of fun
scary alone, chaotic with friends, 10/10
good. touch duck
yes
soundpad 24/7
Foarte amuzant ki-hi-ai
This was really fun with a group of 6. Highly recommend. Cant wait till they add matchmaking.
a must grab with your friends- hop on and good luck with the repo collection
good game
Monster hunter lite
Very good funny game
Much like Lethal Company this game is great with a good group of friends. The only thing I wish was added was more player customization and hopefully down the road they expand with more maps and monsters.
What a fun game. I enjoy playing it
Its better than Lethal company in every way.
Esse jogo me fez perceber duas coisas: 1o meus amigos me odeia e 2o eu tenho espacial
Oh yes, I am Repo'ing it, I am Repo'ing it so good, Repo'ing it makes me feel good
ITSS COOMMINNGG OOOOOUUUUTT!
slay!
elmer fudd be trifling
-10 10
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
funnnntastic coca colastic
the best
Recommended if you like your friends screaming at you
H E L P M E
10 10
da
soundpad)
7/10
Dificultad: 8/10
Terror: 6/10
Risas: 99999999 /10
Multi jugador: Solo con amigos (no tiene servidores pero una comunidad para encontrar con quienes jugarlo)
En las pocas horas de juego que he tenido, me he entretenido mucho, el nivel de suspenso, terror y las muertes constantes, solo son superadas por las risas que tu equipo. Debo hacer notar que al no tener servidores, no es tan encontrar con quien poder jugar si es que tus amigos no lo tienen pero, dentro de los foros se encuentran grupos de personas que buscando que, es posible hacer uso de ese multi jugador aunque tus amigos no lo tengan.
Lo recomiendo encantado, tiene mucho por mejorar pero, tal como ahora, es totalmente entretenido, una compra por muchas horas de risas.
Cant past level 6. Its fun tho
good
Pozole
:)
Another entry in the "Lethal Company" genre, doing more than enough to differentiate itself with it's own identity.
I personally like it more than Lethal Company, as it's PVE gameplay feels more "fair", has support for more players, and contains more mechanics that contribute to the fun factor- such as team lifting, damaging items accidentally, and sharing health with other players.
Highly recommended co-op game. No native controller support, but community steam layouts have been made that do the job for those of us that prefer game pads.
ye
Yes.
I love watching my friends scream in pain as I walk around all the problem I made :D
The duck was not friend shaped.
melhore a do seu personagem ao ponto de vc pegar as criaturas e jogar na vala
Best spent ever. Not laughed so much in ages only made it to lvl4 briefly :) 1st session with 2 others. Looking forward for more madness, more chaos and a whole bunch more laughter. Bring it on!
i like
Great Game! needs to be made into a VR Game would easily be the best VR game
Is Alright.
This game is absolutly amazing and highly addictive.
funny robot
If you ever got frustrated by the lackluster "endgame" of Lethal Company, then this is the game for you
banging ass game
fun
jogo pra se jogar com os amigos, rende muitas risadas e momentos
ps: EM ALGUMA SEJA O ULTIMO SOBREVIVENTE.
- -
too difficult. was fun for an hour but dying over and over is a bit annoying
Android logo characters run and scream away from the spooky ghoulies that roam these halls.
It's a lot more than I thought at a glance, great time with mates and parties of any size, whether that just be two, or a party of 6, definitely worth picking up if you're into the genre.
10/10
One of the best co-op loot horror games I've played. It's up there with lethal company. For an early access game, it is quite impressive and well-made. It deserves a lot of attention. Funny and charming in its structure and pace.
-{ Graphics }-
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
-{ Gameplay }-
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
-{ Audio }-
☑ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
-{ Audience }-
☑ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☑ Grandma
-{ PC Requirements }-
☑ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
-{ Game Size }-
☑ Floppy Disk
☐ Old Fashioned
☐ Workable
☐ Big
☐ Will eat 10% of your 1TB hard drive
☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it
☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data
-{ Difficulty }-
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
-{ Grind }-
☑ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
-{ Story }-
☑ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ Absolute CInema
-{ Game Time }-
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ To infinity and beyond
-{ Price }-
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
-{ Bugs }-
☑ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
-{ ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☐ 9
☑ 10
Repo saved my my marriage
10 10. JBL
P.S
troll your friends
Havent laughed so much in a long time, GET THIS GAME IF YOU GOING TO PLAY WITH FRIENDS< I PROMise its amazing.
Scissoring
very friendly
Great game, does not get boring even after hours of playing. Already excited to see more.
10 10
Amazing game to play with the homies. Not that scary, although can make you jump sometimes when enemies pop out from around the corner. Fun game to get a good scare and laugh at the same time. If you played and liked Lethal Company you'll definitely like this game.
180
This game is so clean & hilarious
repo
My girlfreind bullies me
+
oo scawy
Excelente juego no mames jajajaa
Con amigos es horas de divercion, bien oprimizado y con muchos mapas con diferentes elementos cada uno en cada partida, aunque pediria mas enemigos o que mas cosas extras
-{ Graphics }-
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
-{ Gameplay }-
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
-{ Audio }-
☑ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
-{ Audience }-
☑ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☑ Grandma
-{ PC Requirements }-
☑ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
-{ Game Size }-
☐ Floppy Disk
☐ Old Fashioned
☑ Workable
☐ Big
☐ Will eat 10% of your 1TB hard drive
☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it
☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data
-{ Difficulty }-
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
-{ Grind }-
☑ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
-{ Story }-
☑ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ Absolute CInema
-{ Game Time }-
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ To infinity and beyond
-{ Price }-
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
-{ Bugs }-
☑ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
-{ ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☐ 9
☑ 10
I Love This game 9/10 It would be a 10 but I hate the head monster and the babys that steal your stuff and the guy with the gun
Would 100% recommend this. has some of the funniest moments ive ever seen. Family roleplay ability 10/10
fun with friends
1488
1 9 10
10 10
:)
10 10
this game is genuinely so fun man
So funny thing. I accidentally left my game running for eight hours while I was at work, so really I have about an hour of playtime. (at the moment of this review)
REGARDLESS OF THAT, it is a fun game I am glad to add to my library; it's funny, the controls are easy to understand, the monsters are uniquely difficult but fair, and I can claim myself as the King of Losers proudly. (It's a title in the game you can get, don't worry about it)
Not a total fan of comparing games to each other, but many will expect me to probably say it's like Lethal Company, or something right? Well yeah, of course it is.
Both games have their charms, the modding scene for LC is great and builds upon the idea of making things creative in a bleak and horrific worl-INTRODUCING R.E.P.O.! It's creativity is on par with the silly side of most games like this, let alone Lethal Company.
The movement of the player characters, body and mouth flaps, plus the EYES that seem to track everything in a timed manner that just FITS the comedy!
Anyway. the game feel is different for single and multiplayer.
In single player, you aren't incapable of finishing runs helplessly; since upgrades and weapons are used solely on and by yourself to counter the baddies.
While in multiplayer, teamwork is key, especially for clutch moments when everyone is dead and you need a thousand dollars more, before you can save them, in which you will typically feel the fear and soon to be triumph over the odds.
That is, until an invisible Usain Bolt or a plucky yellow duck start messing with you; you's gonna need those upgrades.
Both ways to play this game have their balance of fear and fun, which I can definitely say shows evidence online. On one side, it plays as an extended game of "hide, seek, and run" mixed with "don't play ball near the chinaware"; on the other side, you got a few friends who take the tension off your shoulders, bring a few laughs, and leave you to die for a pocket watch worth $200!
Seriously, worth the 9.99 and better if you get it cheaper, but that is needless to be said yeah?
So far it's a 20/20 for me. So far.
banger
Its scary and comedic at the same time hahahaha. Can't wait for the update for multiplayer queue :)
the funny haha loot survival extraction game. lol
except this time you can actually try to kill the monsters back and get money for it.
can't wait to see what else they'll add.
my friend and I were analyzing a blackboard with a complex equation and all of a sudden we got gunned by an old man
10/10
This game is super fun. The only downside is that no option for look inversion. If this game been gifted to me, I 100% would have refunded it long ago. But instead, I have to use a third-party system just to play.
Game play is 10/10
The lack of look inversion makes this game a overall 6\10 unfortunately
would I recommend YES but only if you're a normal player that doesn't need a look inversion and if you need a look inversion then I do not recommend until they update that.
fun af with friends
I like this more than lethal company personally. It's a great time! XD
GOOD GAME
360 10/10
Me and my friends loved it!
muy chido y divertido, un juego muy entretenido para hecharse unas risas con tus panas, recimendado 10/10
bastante divertido con los amigos
not fun
Kinda stupid but fun typa game type shi
spent 15 minutes working on killing a head thing and then my friend ran into and broke his orb. 10/10 game
i hate those goddamn babies
This game is absolutely addicting and hilarious to play. It's also super challenging the higher the level. Highly recommend only if you have someone or a group to play with.
dobra gierka
nishiyama daddy daddy nishiyama daddy daddy
Hardest I've laughed playing a game in forever, this game ROCKS
funny little guys and big spooky monsters
1488
10 10
fun
Actually really hilarious to play - recommend not looking anything up first and just trying to have a fresh experience.
funny asf with the right people
10 10, 10 10, 10 10, 10 10. 6
soundpad
Same thing. got bored. all hype. disappointed
if lethal company was actually good
absolutely hilarious with friends, DONT MISS THIS GAME.
Ta chido, espero sus actualizaciones, no como el pendejo de letal company
Freaking silly game that has a lot of elements to it, but definitely recommend it for anyone to play!
Esta epico xddd
w game
fire
game is super fun yet scary. if you liked lethal company then this game is like its better cousin
Really fun game, especially if you have a good group of people to play with. Crack jokes, do bits, and just hangout while repossessing some old man with a shotguns valuables! Semiwork y'all did great with this and hope to see support and updates for awhile. BUY THIS GAME
Very nice, gets my taint very moist.
yes
if lethal company and content warning had a baby, this is what it would be like 10/10
fun and funny hope this game get alot of love from the devs
This game is so asss
robot
ThunderHumor does it again with another banger
Despite what it may look like at first glance (That thumbnail.) the game is actually very fun!
currently, i have to say that this is one of the most balanced loot-and-extract type of games out there when it comes to their day-one releases. singleplayer turns you into a glass cannon, since you get to use all the funds for yourself, but multiplayer is much different and far more difficult individually to survive; you often get each other killed, and that's the beauty of teamwork. so why don't i currently recommend it more than just playing with friends for a goofy ol' time? it's primarily the physics, some manipulative bugs and stupid little issues that make the fragility of stealth in this game way too volatile to properly enjoy the further you get.
crouching while stepping down something as short as a curb(a distance shorter than your legs) can sometimes make footstep noises anyways, giving yourself away, especially to the huntsman(this is exactly how i lost a good run). the stunned player mode lasts for too long against some enemies to where you can get stun-locked. enemies walking into moving objects like a giant server, clock, whatever you've got, can deal damage to them(this is an easy fix, but it makes the tedium of normally killing them trivial when large objects can do that much damage). melee objects sometimes will phase through targets despite what should be a direct hit, and you hit yourself with the sword more than you do others because it holds it so close to you. sometimes rotating larger objects allows you to elevate them, which manipulates the force you apply on those objects to be able to sometimes even lift objects normally too heavy into a cart(i don't believe this is intentional, because it makes the game far easier when you can use object rotation to lift more than just aiming your cursor upwards lets you). these are the most notable examples of physics issues that i can currently think of, but chances are with this update most of these will be fixed. if that's the case, this review's definitely changing to positive. i'm moreso making this review in case they don't fix it and i forget about it.
there's also exploits and bugs that make problematic elements of the game trivial, too. for example, there is a way to use health packs in the service shop without buying them, and there is also a way to glitch the gun into having infinite ammo without needing a recharge; this glitch completely ruins any potential trouble of limited uses or making your shots count against anything besides the huntsman. some enemies randomly deal damage to themselves(excluding the huntsman, who will fall down stairs because he is blind. that part makes sense, but other enemies damaging themselves because of doors or what feels like nothing at all to the point where there's just a soul orb in an area you haven't explored yet). you can't always control what your teammates abuse or exploit, but you can't control whether enemies kill themselves either.
i don't mean to completely ruin the game's great execution because of these flaws, but i think it's worth noting them in case they are glanced over. many of these issues make getting good runs incredibly fragile, depending more on player actions than skill, strategies involving skill, or a roll of the dice; almost all of these issues are caused by player actions that are either deliberate to manipulate something that's not supposed to be done or unintentional with unfair consequences for something you can't predict. currently, it's more of a game that's best enjoyed messing with friends casually, whether you have hundreds of hours in games like this and want a fun challenge, or just want to sink a hearty amount of time into it.
once the next update releases, expect this to change a bit, probably for the better.
game is fun with friends. Only issue i see is poor optimization as far as network and stuff goes. other than that highly recommend this game!
fuck that baby bitch
Cussed out one of my friends because he dropped a plate and got snuck-up on by a monster who flung me into a pit.
Great game. Props to the developer for giving a new and interesting twist on the formula. Can't wait for more updates to come!
The physgun is pretty fun and adds to the layer of horror to the game. Multiple physgun's allow you to control a heavier item easier. I like that the player has to be cognizant of their surroundings to not lower the value of the item (any item that hits or touches anything lowers in price). The game is similar to Lethal Company except you have extraction points you have to go to and you have to be careful with items (it is a one by one to grab stuff rather than having an inventory to store items). You can revive people and time does not play into this game (there's no night time or day time you have to worry about).
r2modman works for this game which is pretty nice as it allows custom mods for people. The emoji stuff is a bit weird and can lead a person into thinking the game sucks-yes you don't judge a book by it's cover but unfortunately people do this regardless.
so gooooood
yummy fun game to play with big groups
this shit fun as hell twin
enemy spam. Inconsistent mechanics. Overly fragile loot. Doesn't explain what enemies do and how to avoid them so I just find myself dying for no reason. And more times than not I died while hiding dispite that monster not finding me every single other time I hid from it. I also love how every time but once, an item I found shattered before I even picked it up off the table. I'd left click it and it would instantly shatter. The only time it didn't happen I was killed in hiding right after even though, again, that enemy didn't find me every other time so ofc I would hide again. This game is awful and I might just get a refund
soooooooooooo fun
physics based lethal company roguelike (fire)
Repo.
i <3 repo!
yea
Fun game, slightly spooky. I want more stuff to pick up though. And make death more fun, maybe have a fragment break off to make a mini toy to be, like a eyeball?
Haven't had this much fun on a game in a long time and the devs are so kind! <3
it's ight
FUNNN
10/10
10/10 fun to watch my boyfriend get shot then have to hold back my tears because im trying to to make a noise and laugh
scry gaem and very scery gaem
Man I wish bullying was real.
fun
JUEGAZO
peak
Its the new lethal company. Actually ran by a studio, hoping to god this wont be abandoned like lethal was!
I think the game is amazing but I think it be cool if I'm able to press a button to cash in instead of it being automatic, lost a game because I was the last one alive so was trying to clutch, almost did but was killed because I wasn't strong enough and in desperation was hoping I could make it fit but got killed by the machine and it counted as a lose even though I had enough, I don't know if it mattered so yeah.
10 10
so much fun to play with friends u'll have a blast LOL
the eye can go f. itself, the duck gave me trauma and the old man made me crash out overall decent game
fun
More fun than Lethal Company, and it's humor is just great. Really fun game.
baseball bat goated
ta bueno
yes very fun
If this game had vr support I would give it game of the year 100%
I like it.
:)
Haven't laughed this much in ages
I can carry out my psychopathic tendencies in this game instead of irl, saving me the cost of hiring lawyers and staying in jail.
Amazing
well well well.
Ahmad Ama her ahmada sadece ahmad bir ahmad bir ahmad o karakteriyle oynayan bir ahmad iyi oyun
fucking love it
too funnn
10 10
>Buddy picks up a hourglass that slows his speech
>We laugh
>They laugh
>The giant floating murderous head behind us laughs
>We immediately get turned into scraps
10/10
Game is just better lethal company it's lowkey awesome
the best multiplayer game i've ever played
From the devs of Voidigo, comes a completely unrelated game. but thanks ilu semiwork i will try not to piss my pants <3
The game is everything i love about Lethal Company with the aspect of actual physics and youre cute little robots. that you can dress up. good enemies, not that many maps yet though. mods allow for a better game experience, but the game is fun just in vanilla mode as well. i have enjoyed all the time i have played this game so far and look forward to the things they add. really hoping we get more variety in maps soon though
bullying goes crazy
Yeah this game gets a solid 10/10 from me. Easily outdoes Lethal Company in terms of fun and replayability. Also, the flashlights don't give me a headache!
W
Amazin. Absolute Cinema
Tenho me divertido muito com esse jogo, a dificuldade dele deixa ele muitas vezes quase mas bacana! Recomendo demais para jogar com os amigos :D
Absolutely fun to play, nothing comes close to the co-op experience like this in a while. Great memories.
R.E.P.O. is an absolute joy to play, especially with friends. Whether diving in with one or two buddies or a full squad, the experience is pure chaotic fun. The text-to-speech and proximity chat add a hilarious and immersive element to the game, making every mission feel like an unpredictable adventure. It captures the same fun and energy as Lethal Company and Content Warning while bringing something fresh to the table.
One of the best aspects of the game is the lack of a strict time limit. You can take your time exploring and strategizing without feeling rushed, which adds a level of freedom not often found in similar games. The ability to revive teammates in multiple ways, such as tossing their heads into the cash-out spot or bringing them back to the truck, makes the game feel more forgiving and keeps the fun going.
The "Last One Standing" arena at the end of a failed mission is another standout feature. Instead of a simple game over screen, thrown into a fight to box your friends and determine a winner. a creative and entertaining way to wrap up a round, making failure just as fun as success.
Even after just a couple weeks since release, R.E.P.O. already feels like a game made with passion and care. Every detail, from the mechanics to the atmosphere, shows that the developers put a lot of thought into creating something unique. If they continue to build on this strong foundation, the game has the potential to become even better. R.E.P.O. is an incredibly fun and well-crafted game that my friends and I will keep coming back to. It stands out in its genre and offers an experience that is both chaotic and rewarding. Anyone looking for a cooperative multiplayer game with humor, creativity, and endless replayability should give this one a try.
funny
died and was spectating my friends and saw them represent how moving out with a large item through the small door, they not only did i see them insult each other but when the item got damaged they become more aggressive to the point the large harp broke and they tried to kill each other with grenades. this is a 10 out of 10 game
Like people said; Lethal Company with Physics.
It's more fun to play with friends by the way <3
fun to play with friends
demasiado bueno para jugar con amigos, deberian de implementar la opcion de jugar con randoms para llenar los 6 lugares
it good
Great Game. Easily worth all the money to get.
Good Game
But It Needs a Public Lobby,
So We Can Play With Randoms
Soy un padre de 50 probablemente una de las personas viejas que juegan este juego. Soy padre soltero de mi hijo, que ahora tiene 14 Mi hijo recientemente R.E.P.O. y en menos de una semana, ya jugado durante de 10 horas. Esto fue terrible para ya que ya era bastante para pasar tiempo con mi hijo, ya que siempre sale con sus amigos o simplemente mira videos en Tiktok. que crear una cuenta de Steam y comprar este juego para ver si jugar junto a el juego, hice el tutorial pero estaba atascado en lo que se que hacer. Le ayuda a mi hijo y un juego para que yo me uniera. Me porque era el mejor momento que pasado con mi hijo desde que mi esposa muerto. Desde entonces, este juego ha acercado a mi hijo y a nuevamente y ahora pasamos tiempo juntos fuera de la casa. Este juego me que hay en todo, y nos ha tanto a como a mi hijo muchos recuerdos felices.
I've tried lethal company and I didn't enjoy it. but this, this is different. Great game, hope the devs keep up.
It made me orgasm!
Got in the shipp and it blew me up anyways lost all my health 0/10 rage bait game
THIS GAME IS AN ABSOLUTE BLAST! WE WANT MORE! NOW! A+
Funnest and most funniest multiplayer game of would recommend for people to get it
Change the game's ugly icon on discord/windows/steam and I'll remove this negative review. It is actually miserable to look at.
back quote back quote back quote back quote back quote back quote back quote back quote back quote back quote back quote back quote back quote back quote back quote back quote back quote back quote back quote
I putted my friend's head repeated times on the toilet for no specific reason.
perfect
Ta divertido pero es obligatorio tener amigos, si no tienes amigos te vas a aburrir.
180
11.5 10
goty
Hilarious!
harikaa
good
excelente juego me cure de la fobia a los monstruos :v
if u have friends u cant miss this experience, it heals u
Funny, scary. good mix
very good game. Friends make it ten times funnier. Monsters scare you just enough to get something out of you but enough to keep you thrilled. 10/10 would recommend to anyone.
funny
scary spooky ahhh ohh funny game
love it
fun
pov
jbl :
Buen juego solo necesitas amigos que se dejen llevar
SOUP
SD
only good use of emojis
Fun
very good.
I didn't ask for this.
I LOVE THIS GAME SO MUCH
FUN FUN FUN'
The quality of this game is inversely proportional to the quality of its banner.
game is funny, you and teammate can go flying and go boom
This is one of the most entertaining games to play with your friends or even alone. Be warned from 2 days time, as a solo only player as of this review, SOLO IS AN ADRENALINE TUNNEL! But amazing game!
repossession
=
10 10.
good
i love repo i want to finish everywhere when i play
love the game, hate the logo
Its a great game, if you liked lethal company you're gonna love this game, so much fun!
hm cool
FUNNY AS HELL
Horrifyingly fun. This game is absolutely crazy, giving me the craziest chills and the best scares since lethal company dropped. Will keep playing
Yipeee
very fun when people arent joinin to throw ur game, easy quit the round and return tho.
I actually had a blast beating my dog while playing dis gyakmde
ts kinda fun
most fun one can have with text-to-speech alone
this game is so perfect bro.perfect for friends and funny stuff!
very fun
Super fun! Best game I've played in a long while haha.
Mascot needs to go.
The only real complaint I have is the soft locking. My friends and I have been playing for days, and since we're a greedy bunch, we like to clear everything out. But there have been a couple of times where the monsters broke the items in our cart, leaving us completely stuck. I get that you can kill monsters for orbs and such, but when there's only one player left, a real challenge. It sucks because when we get soft locked, we have to start all over from the beginning. Since the monsters are able to destroy both us and the items, I think it would make sense for small loot items to re spawn to help balance things out.
Hella fun with the bruzz
oyun ama solo zor
Good Shit
entretenido
This is a truly a fantastic multiplayer experience, the tension is palpable and the game has enough monsters with interesting variations to make it engaging. Me and my friend can't help but yap, but the game punishes us and we enjoy that, as it challenges us unexpectedly. Overall, for the price, this game is a great co-op experience.
Some of the most fun I've had playing a $10 game.
FUN
Very fun, and isn't just a copy of Lethal Company. Creative twists, like items that modulate your voice or slow down time, are some of many things that makes this game great. Better with friends, but there is a single player mode. I give it a solid 9.1/10.
funny
Hilarious, jump scares, mechanically fun, and overall good vibe game to play.
Repossess Every Penile Object
Need my car back ngl
Que jogo da poh4. Com os amigos legal pra um krl.
really fun game
THE BEST HOROR GAME WITH FRIENDS
This game is nice
Ta bueno, me gusta su de buscar tesoros ante los monstruos, agregando humor entre amigos, interactuando con nuestros personajes.
YES YES, THIS IS PERFECT. An original idea! Dude the robots we play as are freaking halariuos, and the ambience too. I dont like the fact that we can host servers but only our friends can join, wish it was like lethal company where you go to the servers list and join a server. Other that that 10/10 good game!
I wish they would fix the Mascot as the image of the game, gives a five nights at Freddy vibe. Other then that honestly this is the most hilarious horror game I've played. Love Semi work for their work on Voidago, so i wanted to give this game a try after my friend suggested it. This one is no different for their sense of Humor and solid game play mechanics. Love their seamless multiplayer they have done with this one.
Audio - Great
Gameplay - Fantastic
Connectivity with Friends - Great!
And only more content coming!
Definitely a game to play with friends or a significant other.
Muy divertido con amigos :)
just fun
Great game
em 3 horas de jogo, pude ver que esse jogo vai me divertir igual lethal me diverte hoje, espero que venha muitas maneiras pro jogo, e que esse jogo vire uma febre pq ele merece, ele tem o molho.
peak
yep
[list]
[*]abandon
[/list]
android
lethal company but even funner
as
nice
Muy divertido y variado, me gustaria mas mounstros con deteccion de sonido
Game is hilarious to play with a group. The text chat is amazing, and screwing your friends over never gets old.
I think my friend is superman bc he breaks all the green items
El juego tiene una dinamica muy goty, jugar con amigos, chat de proximidad, y muchas cosas. Claro es mucho mas divertido jugarlo con amigos pero ojala y no lo abandonen y metan muchas actualizaciones. Recomendado 10/10
10
Nunca pensei que ia rir tanto em um jogo de terror
goaty
Game where being the last alive is actually horrifying. pls keepyour friends alive
Malo con todas las letras
gud
I was touched by an invisible man while my friends laughed
love
Press q in front of the enemies trust
100 10
Emojis makes this game better.
I never write reviews for any game I have, including some I've had for years, but I just had to leave one for this game.
TONS of fun. When my friends told me about it and stated it was similar to Lethal company I was interested. Then once I got the game I fell in love with it.
The player models are so much fun and I love how the mouths move when you speak. The physics are amazing and make the game down right hilarious at times. I don't think I've ever laughed while playing a game like this with my friends like I do with R.E.P.O.
Honestly, if you want a fun game to play with friends that can have you laughing, I would highly suggest this one. The monsters are cool, I like the maps, and everything about the game is just great. Well done to the developers and I can't wait to see what else comes to the game.
very fun game with your friends
funny game
The game concept looks good. I like that the mouths open when you're talking in game and the menu with the funny text to voice, but the game itself is quite terrible. I like that you can explore with your friends and collect valuables, but the undeveloped portion of the game is just too terrible to continue playing. Request a full refund and hope maybe they get it right in a few years.
good
SO MUCH FUN!
Recomiendo habilitar un modo donde no necesites amigos para poder jugar, o sea, tipo que entras a una partida aleatoria con gente desconocida.
got scared joe biden
peak game very fun 10/10
I enjoy this Game alot, its fun to get together with friends and do some crazy runs. only downside i can say about this game is sometimes the game will absolutely destroy you on round 1. No Mercy LOL
anytime i can die, i will die. pretty good game
Good Game To Play With Friend
yeagh
R.E.P.O is another quota-making game (just like lethal) you can play with friends. This time around, you have a cart that you can bring with you per area to place any items of value you may find. There is a map that can help you find your way as well as lift items using telekinesis as your cute robot self. Just be careful because there will be an assortment of monsters that can hinder you from making it back alive~
To make things more convenient there is also a Shop system included after each successful quota making run in an area. This will allow you to buy items like upgrades to max health, max stamina, sprint speed, as well as grenades, health packs, guns, and more. This is really a fun time with friends and worth the price!
Esta muy bueno este pinche juego, es lo mejor, unicamente me pedir que los controles de las armas fuera un poco mas facil de utilizar ya que se complica la maniobra de varias armas cuerpo a cuerpo
-
This game is really good, it's the best. I would only ask for the weapon controls to be a little easier to use since maneuvering with multiple melee weapons is complicated.
This game is really good, it's the best. I would only ask for the weapon controls to be a little easier to use since maneuvering with multiple melee weapons is complicated.
FUN GAME TO PLAY WITH FREINDSSS WOOOOO
This game has alot of potential, its a great game, if your not a big fan of the way lethal company or content warning plays out then this game is a great pick! very cheap too! i'd really like to see more from this game!
Nada melhor do que ver um cair no e ver seus amigos jogando ele pra cima e pra baixo. 10/10
2
greeat game
GUN! Gun? Gun.
Fun
This game is so silly and scary but so fun to play with your friends!
If you like getting screwed in the ass then this the game for you!
Funniest shit out
fun
divertido pakas
I hate that fucking baby
jogo midiatico
very sexy game yes and you should buy or i will get duck to eat you
really fun
Great game for playing with friends. Horror but still humorous with friends.
para jogar com os amigos algumas vezes na vida e nunca mais lembrar do jogo depois de um tempo!
holy moly
FIRE
t4thrthryr
WE NEED A DIFFERENT CART FIT FOR MOB ORBS!
Made me have to make friends to have fun
very fun and funny
It's what Lethal Company tried to be. Good.
Bao
Absolute cinema with friends. Absolute peak. Can't fathom anything bad about it.
that blind nga really pmo
this game is a gem best game this year so far cant stop playing it having a blast download it and join the fun PS watch out for the duck
Lethal Company if it was actually good!
w
Hands down the best CO-OP Game to date.
please devs, keep new monsters coming and keep it real like you got it. much love and thank you
DarkRepo BigNuke, 1
-
110
awesome sauce, we keep getting touched by a big skull thing pisses me tf off but its still funny, knocked my friend over grabbed him brought him to a bed and raped him. 10/10 experince would recommend
sakto lang
>become small
>jump into cart
>begin using text to speech
>use text to speech to recite the most unhinged bullshit one can imagine
>refuse to help team and only stay in T H E C A R T
>die to the average south carolina woman (scarecrow creature)
>repeat until bored
>peak gameplay
Being brutally honest the mascot and banner for this game suck so hard. The game itself is fun despite that, but I never would have bothered to check it out if my friend hadn't shown me actual gameplay.
Seriously, why the emoji guy? The puppet-mouthed robots coulda sold the game themselves as they're the most iconic thing!
Anyways, great game. Great mechanics. Feels rewarding when you play well, and the monsters arent Lethal Company levels of BS. Not saying the game isnt hard, the monsters just have better mechanics to work around.
Worth a buy. Maybe they'll reconsider shifting their branding to something.better. Hopefully.
first day i played i got obsessed right away, its amazing with friends but terrifying alone (and just terrifying in general) but i love it so much
kill everything
me dan ganas de arrancarme los 3 pelos de los cocos que me quedan por la pero denle el goty of the year del igual
game is fun yes play
divertido mais jogar solo que um grande problema.
10/10 i love it it is so funny
hella fun game need friends to play and have a good time
yes
game is cool but i hate it when im trying to leave and a monster comes and grapes me
I hid in the toilet. One of my friends proceeds to throw a lit gas can into the toilet. I die laughing.
My friends have killed me far more than any monster
joia
better than lethal company imo
funny
XERECA
:>)
Wanna see me go W.O.K.E ?
Woke
OKE
KOKE
EOKE
good but lacks sesbian lex
Perfect party game. Fun and dumb as shit
10/10 game had really fun playing with my friend. If you wanted to play a fun game with your friends this is the one.
quero sair na porrada com meus amigos nesse jogo. gostei
Good game for 3+ players. Do not recommend if there are only 2.
Came for the memes and the memes didn't lie
-Simple, fun gameplay
-Can provide a good challenge
-Funny moments
-Cool and unique monster designs
-Funny mic effects
-You can flush your friends
Enough said.
muito bom e legal E DIVERTIDO!
What a ride
very fun if you have friends
Extremadamente divertido, gracioso, a la par de aterrador por sus diversos mapas y criaturas. Es bastante entretenido, sobre todo cuando tienes un grupo de amigos con quienes jugarlo. Lo recomiendo al 100%.
Es un asco de juego, siempre te mueres con lo mas estupido. Juego recomendado si tienes poca paciencia (Pronto a jugarlo con unos buenos cubatas y ya la experiencia)
peak
6
Jogo bom pa carai!
Muy divertido para jugar con amigos trolls
-{ Graphics }-
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
-{ Gameplay }-
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
-{ Audio }-
☐ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
-{ Audience }-
☑ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma
-{ PC Requirements }-
☐ Check if you can run paint
☑ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
-{ Game Size }-
☐ Floppy Disk
☐ Old Fashioned
☑ Workable
☐ Big
☐ Will eat 15% of your 1TB hard drive
☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it
☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data
-{ Difficulty }-
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
-{ Grind }-
☑ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
-{ Story }-
☑ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
-{ Game Time }-
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ To infinity and beyond
-{ Price }-
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
-{ Bugs }-
☑ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
-{ ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☑ 9
☐ 10
gud geme
VERY VERY FUN AND FUNNY
HAVE GOOD TIME W FRIENDS
10
my last word before being shot by a blind man were "your mom"
I lowkey love this game the way it is I just wish you could use the text chat feature in singleplaya mode cuz the voice is funny and my friends have jobs, (what is up with that).
Amei muito jogar esse jogo com 3 amigos foi MUITO BOM e DIVERTIDO! Recomendo muito!
not what i expected when I bought the game. way better than I thought! who know you could buy a game that allows you to use a tranquilizer gun to put a baby to sleep then you and your friends get to beat the baby against the floor! 10/10
I'm only not recommending this because there is a vc bug that happens at random where I cannot hear anyone nor can anyone hear me. once the devs fix this I will change my review back to positive. other than that, awesome game.
AMAZING GAME!
add sex
YASSSSSSSSSS GOOD GAME DO PLAY
Wittawee GOATED
Really fun game with friends (: Can't wait for matchmaking
troppo divertente e carino
The game is soooo awesome!
You will be sad at home many fragile things you break.
legal de jogar com amigos
The perfect blend of Content Warning and Lethal Company, I love this game.
would
it's good u should buy it
Love this game, the learning what the different enemies do and howw to counteract them. As well as playing with others is amazing. So many laughs with this game.
Great game - Got it for my wife and daughter also - Super fun for the whole family. Thank you for making such a great game for us all to play with each other. If youre on the fence about it just buy it if you have people to play with.
Juegardo pero con amigos! es muy disfrutable.
this isn't a bad game can't wait until multiplayer is added then will be more fun instead of joining randoms in discord and not letting you grab items, that's the only downside I have about this game other than that I would recommend playing this game with friends.
uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
Ulos otosta pari vitun roboa keikalle, ja lopputulos oli just niin paska spektaakkeli kuin odottaa saattaa. seiniin, pudottavat kalliit esineet maahan kuin saippua krapulaisen ja kuin joku olisi koodannut ne kesken unihalvauksen.
Ja jos ei niin ovat helvetinmoisia monstereita, jotka on revitty suoraan jonkun painajaisista. leijuu valtava kelluva joka seuraa sua tuijottaen kuin demoninen nunna, tulee kimppuun huutaen psalmeja sun naamaan samalla kun perseraiskaa sut. Puutarhantontut helvetin virnuilevia veijareita, jotka vaanivat sua kuin verovirkailijat ja odottavat sopivaa pilaa sun Oletko arvotavaraa hiki hatussa? No vitun mulkerot kuin pankkitili kuun lopussa, sun saaliin ja murskaavat ne pieneksi tomuksi samalla kun kikattavat kuin mielisairaat smurffit.
LaserKulli pelle jolla on laaseri lerssi Vammainen Ankka, joka kaakattaa kuin se olisi vitun vihainen veronpalautuksistaan, ja Leijuva Alien, joka se kaikki universumin salaisuudet. Ja oma suosikki, Sokea Pappa vanha sotaveteraani, jolla on ilmeisesti joku sotatrauma niin pahasti se kuulee jokaisen pienen Astut liian kovaa? Se ja suuntaasi, vaikka ei edes olet. Et voi edes rauhassa ilman, saat niskaan tai no, ainakin melkein, koska herran tarkkuus on samaa luokkaa kuin olevan tikkaajan juhannuskisoissa. Koskaan ei osuuko pappa se saattaa osua suhun, kattoon tai helvetti vaikka omiin varpaisiinsa, mutta se ei lopeta ennen kuin saa sut
9/10 Hauska peli
Great game! if only there were more emojis I would rate it 10/10. I'd like emoji monsters, items, wheels, characters, the whole lot. It'll have to stand at a 9/10 until that happens.
this game is so fun, but i want a butten there the host can kick people if there greffing
better than lethal company
shits lit
yes king
i killed a man
DON'T TOUCH THE DUCK
love when typing to communicate it sounds so wrong play just to type everything then to get but fucked by a ghost i love it 10/10 play again
yes
good game sadly it will die out in a few months
tttttt
good game!
10/10 el juego, el viejito de la escopeta salio y mi amigo se escondio, pero apreto la Q, procedo agarrarlo para que lo mate, pero estuvo tan epico, que no pude resistir reirme y me mataron a mi tambie 10/10
<3
this that good shit
Great game, cant wait to see what more they do
fun game
peak gaming.
very poggers game, very funny, very scary, crap in my pants every playthrough. love it. need more REPO.
bretty good
Funniest horror game ever
its so fucking funny
waw me encanta me hice una paja
sex
Jogo de Endeota com amigos endeotas. Se endeota ou tem amigos endeotas o jogo vai ser endeota.
A Fantastic game, its Lethal Company meet the Muppets. I love this dumb little horror game more than LC. This should get all the stars and praise it should get.
super fun game i do recommend
Please create a REJOIN on game
Muy divertido para jugarlo con amigos, espero lo vayan actualizando con nuevos mapas y enemigos
im really likeing it its fun,but the only thing i want its to put a dificulty changer, a online game but theres two teams 1 are the players and other the monsters and ill like to have like online servers that not are your friends,I LOVE THIS
Almost as good as lethal company
very fun VERY good
im the real hideo kojima and i can say that this is a better lethal company but not better than "death stranding 2: on the beach " pre order today on ps5 for 69.99 releasing june 26th, 2025
pretty fun but at the time it doesnt have online matchmaking
i liked how you can throw the gnomes around
i reccomend.
crunchy
Fun for the whole family especially when sacrificing them to the monsters.
Great
Great horror game with friends!
good game btw
weno
juego de mierda
top
Yaca yaca yaca yaca yaca alah akbarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
11 Soundpads/10
SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Funny
lethal company is better
Hilarious game. Great to play with a group of buddies.
REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO REPO
juegazo buenos graficos 10 de 10
zwzwzwzwzwzwzwzwzwzwzwzwzwzwzwzw
:3
realmente ha sido una experiencia muy positiva el jugar el juego por que no es que los jefes sean muy duros de matar, realmente no lo son, pero cuando los derrotas aunque sea por suerte, sientes realmente que ha sido una batalla y al final eres recompensado con un item de buen dinero jajajaja. Lo recomiendo para jugar con los amigos.
jogo muito bom para se jogar com os amigos
Big Blind Bald man shot me because friend was yapping then when revived other friend made me go boom boom
lit
e
nice and simple and even a bit of skill curve or whatever for those who are competitive
The more friends you can play with the better!
Absolutely a blast to play with degenerate friends that enjoy causing chaos and getting the pants scared off
yeah its fun
chat to voice is the best
muy bueno y divertido :)
Se for definir em uma palavra."FODASTICO" pode comprar sem medo, estando ou em bom para um karalho com amigos e em dupla, recomendo solo
chaos
Better than Furry Company
super fun, definitely recommend, great for large groups of chaotic people
funny
I'm the only one left alive, desperately attempting to gather enough assets for Repossession to cover the debts of whatever deadbeat owned this large, dusty mansion. By now, I've realized that my little metal legs are useless for retreating, and the only way not to get scrapped is hiding. My telescoping, cylindrical form luckily facilitates this well, allowing me to hide beneath tables, chairs, and other small spaces.
Unfortunately, as I was pushing the C.A.R.T around one of the various freaks infesting this place spots me. A frog dressed in a chef's hat, brandishing two cleavers. I bolt it with what little energy I have for the nearest table, only to spot what can only be described as a tall, mannequin like thing with two sickle like blades. I dive under the table, only for the mannequin to reach under and swipe at me. I'm just out of reach, and have enough time to run for another room. Beneath another table I slip, this time neither of those things see me. After a brief search they give up.
My respite is short lived however, because I still have several thousand more dollars of property to repossess, and that means more searching. More looking around, fearing every corner and shadow, jumping at every odd noise, rushing to the nearest hiding spot when I see something, and hoping I can somehow survive long enough to gather what I need and leave this hellhole.
nice :)
just buy it and play it
experience it for yourself
reviews are all lies
very silly, spooky and funny af. the movement is really fun too which i appreciate. very cool game and fun for playing with the squad
hm
funny musket man
the best game too play with da homies
meow
Nice game to play with friends, innovating the Lethal Company formula.
Love the physics, love the fun. But [b] HATE [/b] the emoji
JOGO INCRIVEL! Recomendo demais! Tem muita coisa que pra vir Recomendo jogar com pelo menos 3 amigos. 6 pessoas o jogo fica fenomenal, o fim de semana garantido de risadas e boas gameplays (E sustos
O jogo bem completo, o que eu sinto mais falta mapas, cada vez que entra no mapa sabe o que esperar, gostei demais das do jogo, os falando, a deles com os itens, as mecanicas de pulo e de derrubar/matar o amiguinho, de fato um jogo com um potencial muito forte.
Se acompanham as redes sociais/discord dos desenvolvedores, sabem que desenvolvendo novos monstros, mapas, e itens, isso fomenta o jogo e deixa ele ativo por anos, espero que continuem assim!
Caso tenham algum ponto importante para ressaltar e ajudar as pessoas que comprar o jogo, deixem nos para que ajude a sanar as de quem ainda COMPROU o jogo e pretende comprar.)
MT bom com amigos
so sex
buy it
very fun to play with friends!
Horror game where 4 players are trying not to die while moving a piano.
10/10 would piano again!
Top!
if lethal company was a movement shooter but without the shooting
This game is absolutely fantastic. SO much fun to play with friends. I can't wait to see the future of it!
Great game. Creative animations.
VERY FUN HORROR GAME AND ITS FUNNY
I liked but NEEDS A QUICK MATCH
amazing and fun!
we re some po and stuff
Dis very gud
W GAME WITH FRIENDS!
Its the most fun i've had with my friends in months.
This shit better than dating females. not men though. nothing beats that
pipipu
kid friendly
This is one of the best games i have played that resemble a "lethal company" style game. a lot of fun with friends, you can also play single player! but overall a lot of laughs, game is well polished and my kids even play on there laptops(non gaming). Highly recommend to at least give it a try. If you dont have friends to play with then add me!
GGG
rugrat looks like kevin 10/10
penis
300 400
fun game to play with other people
Lethal Company but better/funnier.
is fun yes
de pana
very good game maybe this game won the best game 2025
I love blind shotgun man, HUAH *BOOM*
fun with unique mechanics
PEAK
LOVE this fuckin game
Wears the inspiration on its sleeve while not being afraid to try new things. A very fun alternative to lethal company style games. Hope they continue to make the game even better
He estado dudando bastante si gastarme el dinero en pillarme otro juego estilo Content Warning o Letal Company pero lo cierto es que este sin duda lo estoy disfrutando como una
tiempo que no me tanto con mis colegas, una locura.
Mis dieces 10/10
I killed my friend with a bag of money after respawning. I cried and almost through up laughing.
absolutely love this game. Hilarious and even better with more people
Sostuve a mi amigo en brazos para salvarlo de un monstruo, luego lo arroje contra el mismo monstruo cuando vi que se acercaba a mi. El gritando mi nombre a todo pulmon: 10/10
GREAT FUN CONTENT GAME DEFINITELY WORTH
got mutilated by a floating head, killed approximately 4 babies, and beat the hell out of my friend in the shop
Reep That Hoe
REPO!
game quite fun
This game is insane, I love playing with my friends. I would like to be able to join random lobbies when my friends are not online
uhhh huuuu
Absolutely L.O.V.E. this game! 10/10 recommend if you are into something slightly spooky but love to troll your friends in the same process.
Good, but i cant join games for some reason? Why is the "Join game" button there if it doesnt work?
The game is still in early access and is a ton of fun, but has a few balancing things to work out before I'd totally recommend it. Respawning part way through an extraction is extremely punishing the monsters feel like they truly come out of nowhere.
TRES TRES GIROLO AHAH
entre amis
daora para jogar com amigos
these bes gaeme evr lel
i got chase down and pushed down and beat up 10/10 js like my dad does to me
Scary Woman Hot
very fun and scary with friends
this game is so fun and scary and addictive very much worth a try, this game is supposed to be hard and i like a challange
Its so fucking much
great
epic
Trop drole.
banger game right here
lethal company but better and funnier
the tts is funny too
so fun so silly i luv
Juegoty pa jugar con los panas y cagarse de risa, me gusto mucho mas que el lethal company
duck
goty, con esfuerzo superara al lecom
ta weno
Game is a blast. Gets better with more people.
What the heck is this!
I haven't laughed so hard in a very long time!
Worth every cent and then some, Much better to play with friends!
Hopefully they introduce a quick match feature I think partying up with randoms for this game would be phenomenal!
They cooked with this.
bao
Please let me see the map when I'm dead :)
SOLID game
very fun with friends
hehehhe
beans
Juegazo jsajsa
muy bueno el juego es re chistoso aunque el pato culiao molesta mas que la cresta pero lo demas es re bueno. Lo otro q me carga es q no pillo la puerta qlia pa dejar las cosas pero eso ya es pq soy leso. Bueno eso chao. GOTY.
It's fun, for sure. But all of its fun is reliant on the fact that you're playing with friends. The design of most of the enemies is just bad. Some are a complete non-threat if you know their gimmick, others seem to be only avoidable if you're lucky. It doesn't help that larger enemies have horrible pathfinding and often will get stuck in a single room. The clown is most egregious with this, often getting stuck in basement rooms and being unable to leave.
Additionally, when its extract time and all the enemies respawn, they seem to start to cheat? I can't really explain it but they have some sort of magnetism that makes them stick near players. You can be hiding in a wardrobe for 5 minutes and have all three monster spawns just stand idly in your room and not move. The huntsman in particular seems to get trigger happy when the round ends and starts shooting directly at hiding and silent players. I'm all for a challenge, but that challenge shouldn't be artificially generated by giving the AI information it shouldn't have. A better way to generate difficulty during round end is just to spawn additional monsters. Two huntsmen is way better than a huntsman who is somehow not blind anymore
GAME FUN
Fear
Repo keep the game going its awesome
My friend barfed on me and killed me. 10/10
Recomiendo este juego para otros jugadores
this game is very good :3
i picked up a stoner alien and threw it into a pit of lava
fun
Love the multiplayer. Always a good time.
Funny
Good game:)
Evil penar game of the year fs onb
type shit u play when you're retarded
fuck that gd reaper bitch
fun
comprem
El logo es una porqueria, Yo tampoco queria jugarlo por eso, pense era un juego mal hecho simplemente por que su portada es desagradable, le juzgue por su portada.
El juego es bueno (ignorando el logo)
una joyita para jugarla con amigos, cada mapa nos sorprende, no pasamos del 4to ajajaja
ses
got slam dunked into a pit by an invisible man, 10/10 game
i like it
muy random la verdad por 100 pesos esperaba menos pero me sorprendieron los graficos y lo comodo que a la hora d ejugar los enemigos estan muy bien asustan pero no al punto de no queder juegarlo de nuevo jaja
Ta bn prro, nomas le falta ladrad
you gotta have friends to play this game unless you're like me and you dont mind looking up in the game discussions for people looking for groups. But overall the games really good and it's a lot of fun, they make updates quite often and we can add mods which are not hard to download online (they download by themselves once you join a game with mods). Ive never played lethal company but for people who played it, you gotta try R.E.P.O it's really worth the 12$.
holy mack n chees
it is a great game honestly coming from a random guy
muy divertido para jugar entre varios y buen juego para la creacion de contenido (twitch,youtube, etc)
GOOD GAME
las risas no faltan
Good game
Guapisimo
GOTY
This game is good
amazing game highly recommended
i broke big box my friend put me in fire
10/10
Bester Coop Extraction Looter den es gibt.
Hoffe ihr Gebt den support nicht so schnell auf wie andere Entwickler dieses Genres.
This shows great promise, its very lethal company-esque and while its not moddable like it is the almost trash can shaped bodys of the players is very endering, plus the fact theres funny text to speech and the flap mouth moves when you speak makes this game amazing fun for groups of players. Plus any game that gives me a dedicated ragdoll yourself button gets an +A in my book. i will say the decision to launch without any kind of matchmaking system was an odd choice BUT the devs have stated they intend to put in matchmaking in the near future, in which case when that drops i see myself going and playing much more of this game, all in all, definitely worth the 12$ Canadian i spent on it would recommend to all my friends, trash can bot go WEE
I love this game, its always super fun and yet so scary at the same time. 10/10 will keep playing forever
hg
good game
jOGO BOM DO CARAIIII!
jc likes men
Literally a better version of Lethal company
buenardin
Hate the emoji
really funny with friends
muy divertido
si esta bien, si sta bgien, xd si esta bien xDF qestoy loco si sta
Good
what's with the emoji?
anyways, fun game nonetheless
W GAME
The most dangerous part of this game is the shop when your in a team
10/10 would be flushed in the toilet again
chicken jockey
fun
One hit enemies are stupid nerf the damn Nun
this game is like lethal company but better and funnier and better and funnier
This game deserves to be massive, it took what Lethal Company already had and turned it to an eleven. In my opinion this is more fun than Lethal Company and for a very early access game, I haven't actually found many bugs, it's fairly polished already. Which means this game has a really amazing base to go off of, three nicely made maps, 19 monsters, plenty of items for you to mess with, and a physics system that makes everything that much more hilarious and tedious. I'm here to tell you that it will only get better from here, I actually have so much praise for this small development team, thank you Semiworks for being so transparent and so engaged with your community!
Spooky when people scream
good
In my opinion, better Lethal company. Much more approachable. REAL progression. Better level design. Different ways to spec into the game. Most of the equipment is actually used. You don't feel powerless against enemies. PITS <3.
another great multiplayer game similar to Lethal Company and Content Warning. While Content Warning was a fun simple game it does not hold up to Repo or Lethal, these games have more to do, see and interact with. Im not sure if Repo has mods yet but that really helped the replayablitiy of Lethal so hopefully this game will also get mods. This game does a really interesting thing when you die unlike the other games of this genera. my only complaint is it feels like theres no way to end a run when you dont have enough money is to off yourself, but other than that I can easily see myself putting many hours into as long as there is mod support + constant updates
money
for the small time ive played. its good, really good, like as good as lethal company good. monsters might get reptitive but the only real complant, you cant do muitliplayer with randoms. ( unless i just am an idiot and cant figure it out ) other than that though 10/10 game so far
This is singlehandedly then greatest multiplayer game I have touched.
SUPER
What can I say, I've been playing for days in a row and I need to take a break from the game, but I don't think I'll ever get burned out with this game. It's just the best.
Good Game
10/10 gave me survivors guilt after watching all my friends get massacred
silly ass robots
great game eh
friends = fun
no friends = terrifying
this game is good even tho you can't fuck the monsters
-> [url=
shat my drawls, if you wanna be silently screaming and running for your life. just buy it
Add achievements! pleaseee
Hawk tuah
excellent goofy ahh game to play with friends, wayyy too funny :D
goodgame play with 4-6 player
A damn baby threw something at me and i exploded 10/10
Si
"My friends and I thought we were professional repo turns out, we're just professional screamers. 10/10"
Ever wanted to feel like a broke paranormal repo man, stealing haunted furniture while being chased by monsters that appreciate your work ethic? Well, R.E.P.O. delivers that dream in the most terrifying and hilarious way possible.
Proximity chat So you can hear your final words in crisp HD.
Physics-based loot Ever tried carrying a possessed chair through a narrow doorway while a demon sprints at you? I have.
Monsters that mess around One minute you're joking, next minute you're a ghost.
Would I recommend it? Absolutely. But only if you're ready to laugh, cry, and betray your friends in the name of capitalism.
Hours played: 17
Times screamed: Infinite
Successful repo jobs: Maybe 2?
10/10 Would risk my life for a cursed lamp again.
fun
git
moving sim but multiplayer and scary = super funni
This game is lethal content levels of juicy fun.f
why play this over lethal
great game but jesus christ does hosting games suck. you could have the best possible internet and still get hit with 100 ping.
jogo bem interessante para se jogar com seus amigos
a parte mais intrigante tentar descobrir qual foi a dos devs em dar uma arma de fogo para um deficiente visual e fazer uma do tamanho de um corpo inteiro que MORRE NEM POR UM CARALHO.
thumbs up emoji
fun as shit with friends
this game is so funny and fun
more people the better is the moto of this game
The game is insanely good, but i just think they should add public servers, i really dont have much friends in steam and it is hard to get into someone's server
HEHEHEHEEE MONSTER IS 100 EMOJI
legal
R.E.P.O ist der Inbegriff eines fantastischen Spiels. Perfekt eine Session mit ein paar Freunden. Es kostet nicht viel, hat nicht die beste Grafik, aber ist es auch auf einem Laptop spielbar und somit viel mehr Spieler erreichbar.
Sehr empfehlenswert!
good yes very
barely know whats going on half the time, so much fun with friends. 10/10
So much fun with friends! laughing till im in tears lol 100/10 would recommend
best game ever
ponganle workshop
Slk-Compensa
My team left three of us to suffer while they spent a half hour moving a golden bull up a flight of stairs, only to destroy it at the top. I've never screamed so much. 10/10
Very fun!
good game
la wea buena
Game made me go big haha when friend died to big boom
Watched my friend be roasted alive over a fireplace by 2 of my other friends while a blind man with a shotgun honed in on our laughs to blast us away
Si estbas pensando en comprar un juego como lethal company o content warning.A ver te sigo recomendando que los juegues.Pero en el caso de que tengas que elegir.MANDALOS A LA PORRA PORQUE ESTE JUEGO ES COMO EL DOBLE DE DIVERTIDO QUE LOS OTROS DOS JUNTOS
Different enough from Lethal Company and Content Warning to be fun, especially cause you can hurt and carry each other, but I assume once the popularity goes down, it'll basically be abandoned like the other similar games. Here's to hoping it won't.
Used to be afraid and now I try to fight the monsters with my friends' dead heads
game good
god anashei
Better than lethal Company. (Or any other game in this unique genre)
10/10 cute creepy and goofy.
Mouth go AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA so that mean gud gam
+
Es divertido, he pasado noches riendome y disfrutando con mis amigos. Espero con ansias actualizaciones.
This game captures the same amount of enjoyment that I had in Lethal Company. Its awesome mechanics and fresher appearance with the robot guys and physics based gameplay really push you to keep playing. In my opinion, the monsters are more creative than LC and never get boring, however they are completely blind so that should be improved. The maps get harder as you go, so be prepared for that as well. Overall, I am very excited for the new content to come. Get this game!
Pretty fun game to play with friends. It's very much like Lethal Company, but I definitely prefer this
Kind of Neutral on this one to be honest. I think its extremely similar to Lethal Company but with enough changes to actually be worth owning both if this is like a really big genre for your group. This game almost fails to function without 3 at the minimum and it is clearly meant for 4-6. If you don't play this with a group pretty much at all times you will realize this is a very boring grocery shopping simulator that takes a long time. You'll stop playing this just like Lethal Company but for 10 bucks you'll laugh enough times to be worth that.
This game is an absolute blast! The very fun and rewarding game play loop and the hilarious mishaps that will happen to you make this game stupid fun. if you like horror objective based games this is the one! Can't wait to see what the devs add.
pissed myself while playing, not because it was scary, because i had to laugh so f*cking hard
When the monsters stop taking forever to kill or batting my weapons out of my hand MAYBE I'll give the game another go but the fact that i just fought for 30 minutes to kill one fucking reaper is bullshit, fuck this game.
:3
Really good, really fun, honestly better than Lethal Company, needs mod support but that will come w time
this game makes it EVEN MORE stressful carrying stuff i also like headbutting the monsters 10/10
The game is really fun and all but we need more different levels like a ship or a haunted house.
Peak
We made our friend ragdoll then shoved him in a toilet, he was stuck the whole game, 10/10
El juego es muy entretenido con amigos
Fun to play with friends :)
GOTY
the next big company-type game (i am not original)
R.E.P.O. es una de las sorpresas frescas del en el de terror cooperativo. Con una jugabilidad y divertida, permite a seis jugadores trabajar juntos como robots para recuperar objetos en entornos peligrosos. Las de realistas y el uso del chat de voz por proximidad hacen que cada partida sea combinando momentos de con risas inesperadas. A pesar de estar en acceso anticipado, ya ofrece una gran variedad de enemigos, mejoras y misiones, con contenido en camino. Una experiencia imperdible para quienes buscan terror y en equipo.
gud game
Super fun game
Fun
awesom
lol
Its a good game and my money is well spent but i get abused by a clown who targets me and lasers me to
this game is basically more fun lethal company
its good mang
Good but for everything give us the option to disable certain monsters the head thing is not fun
new meta horror game fr
portable jbl speaker
more fun less punishing version of lethal company with a better more enjoyable online with friends and revive mechanics
nah
no public lobby list, friends-list based game :|
ripperoni antisocialites of steam
gonna be a downvote from me until a lobby list gets added
otimo para grupos
Jogo top para jogar com os amigos
I tried to pet a cute duck and it murdered me.
god papu
oyun
very fun game with lots of screaming and laughter 69/10 would recommend (on other hand playing with one hand is hard and it gives you lobotomy)
silly robot game
xd
10/10. it scaried me
bence base e canavar gelmemeli
YUH
A better and more modernized lethal company with half life physics
10 10
realy fun yay
fun and unique
fire
great game with friends
please remove the emoji thing, it does not represent the game and makes people hesitant to play.
10/10
I got no friends :(
10/10 love taxes
its vary fun but it could use online mode like a mach making i have had to wait hour to play because my frendes wernt on
love the game tho 9/10
mid
Whoever programmed the eye physics deserves a raise. 10/10 comedy horror. I like that you can actually combat the monsters, but neither you nor the monsters feel overpowered :)
10/10 very silly
So many hours of fun to be had here! Highly recommend with 3 or more players but also fun on your own!
mid, recicled game, not worth
[spoiler] PROJECT X) [/spoiler].
Juegardo
how could you hate this game its impossible
fortnite battlepass
ASS game wont work
Lethal handry
simplemente god game, te vicia con un rato de jugarlo, el unico detalle, es que se disfruta con amigos
its a really good game
funnt af
yes.
Fun with friends!
played this game with the mentally challenged monkeys that i call my friends, best experience ever
oh fuck
w game
Unfassbar Lustiges Game! hab einige Spiele in den letzten Jahren gezockt aber das Game alles!
This game was beyond perfect, when first entering it I immediately assumed it was just another game copying the concept of Lethal Company due to its original trend but when playing this with my friends I found it was absolutely hilarious. This game exceeded all expectations and as a group we ended up playing for about four days straight with it never being dull! I highly recommend this.
super divertido
i fucking hate that stupid ass baby
No matter if you are a streamer or a casual player you will have hours of non stop hilarious content. You, your friends and family will laugh into tears whenever anyone tries to carefully carry loot to the cart and suddenly break leaving all to laugh at the silliness and charm of the game. The lobby heads flap like South Park Canadians, to the colorful robots that remind you of the puppets of childhood shows the game doesn't need to be serious or has a dedicated story. Just grab loot don't break loot and try to stay alive and have fun.
this game is great and so so easy but my friends are STUPID RETARDS AND RUIN FUCKING EVERYTHING
This game is too funny than anyone could imagine
es ist aufjedefall ein game. ich hoffe da kommen viele neue maps und etc.
good
IT ALWAYS MAKES ME LAUGH
fun
q
its a game that you can play. cheers!
allows you to beat up your friends or sacrifice them to monsters. 10/10
p cool
i like this game
i got jumped at by a big baby on the celing
Hilarious
very yes
anybody want to join
a
good
tabueno
yes, yes, yes : )
scary monster attack and scream
Support or betray your friends for the funny, perfect balance and replay to torture your best friends and see how far you can push it
Ta bueno
Sta mas bueno que cagar parado
Very Fun with friends :)
guut game
AMAZING!
For context, I played with one other person and this is not fun at all. Enemy design is by far some of the worse I've seen. You have enemies that have clear counter-play, then you have enemies like the baby duck and the gnomes which can flat out kill your run. The baby duck at a glance may seem fine, but when combined with other elements its horrible. My main gripe with it is it sometimes never seems to go away no matter how much I attempt to ignore it. The duck isn't and was never scary. Its just annoying. The same can be said for the gnomes, which destroy items. This isn't an issue earlier in the run, but they can ruin later levels in your run easily.
Enemy spawns are weird. It seems like the game picks 3 enemy types for the map and those are the only ones you face for that level. Enemies also seem to despawn randomly and respawn near you. This is dumb because it makes keeping tabs on enemy locations incredibly hard. Its bad enough you're blind to what's in the next room because the sound design in this game is horrible.
I've never had an issue in Lethal with loot. In this game, loot seems to be the biggest issue. As your run goes on you'll become very reliant on larger and heavier items to pass quotas. Items so large they can't even fit in the cart. The problem is these items are often very hard to carry and breaking them just means your run is over. The poor physics system and the constant enemy spam leads to these items more often than not breaking or losing insane value. Sometimes you'll spend 5 minutes waiting down a hallway for an enemy to leave just to have your item clip a door-frame then lose 3k value. Its not fun its frustrating.
Physics system is laughable. Its just not good and jank. And the physics being goofy isn't enough of a selling point to justify this game's existence. How many other games have had silly physics? This has been a thing since like 2015. Because the physics are bad, it makes carrying heavier items a chore. The only way to somewhat solve this is the mid-max strength earlier in the run. But then at that point its buying upgrades to fix a poorly implemented mechanic.
If you don't have a group of 3 other people on your friends list with this game, don't get it. There are no servers and you can only play with people on your friends list. Otherwise you'll have to play single player. And if that's the case why even bother. The game has about 5 hours of content anyways, which I guess is worth the price tag. Its still early access so if you're still interested after reading just wait for the full release.
actually hard
The Emoji Movie But A Video Game
NICE!
good
I finally get to beat up babies in the name of
Game is ass. A lethal company ripoff with the buggiest mechanics imaginable.
it gud
My long ever lasting love for ducks has now turned to hatred but overall great game! Excited for whats to come, only suggestion I have is a doppelganger monster thingy <3
This game is SUPER fun to play with your buddies, and you all will probably die laughing all night while playing!
Okay so I am very mixed on this. I think the game has potential. It's in the early stages so there can be plenty of fixes. But the game should of been balanced around the number of players in your party. I run a full stack with one group and duo with a buddy of mines. In a group it's much easier cause u have more ppl. But say you play with 2 people, well that's gonna feel like your doing a solo run with a buddy who happen to be there, either items are two big or the enemy spawns are just annoying to deal with. If you're playing with 3 or less ppl, the map shouldn't spawn heavier items, at least spawn smaller or more items to compensate especially if we have to do more than one haul on higher levels, it's very disheartening when you and your buddy found a way to carry a heavier item to the checkpoint and you get trolled cause "haha tight door way" or "Gnome go bur
Also spawn a weapon on the map at least or at least don't make em 30k and expensive to purchase. When revived I get if we have 1 check point, we're stuck at 1 hp sure, end of the level. But if we have more than 1 checkpoint, at least give the revived player about 25 to 50 health, It's funny for a bit but it gets so frustrating spawning and then you just insta die, just because a mere sneeze can take you out.
Also please fix the Duck enemy or at least have it only bother u for about 10 to 20 seconds if it spots you when docile, It's a very annoying enemy type and it's hard to get anything done without fearing you might trigger it cause it constantly jumps in your way. It's legit an annoying little shit.
Like this game has potential, but there is a lot of changes that need to be down. I just primarily want more items to spawn and the difficulty to scale based on your party size.
An absolute blast of a game. laughed this much in years. Well worth the purchase
R.E.P.O. ?
R.E.P.O. - 6, 1
R.E.P.O. -
R.E.P.O. - 385
-
12 9,5
Would recommend, do not be disturbed by the emoji that sends everyone away, it is normal.
estoy feliz me instalo el juego,hosteo una partida,se unen mis amigos,iniciamos partida,me arruinan la vida.
The Outlast Trials
I like it. over all. but why does it have split screen issues where the mouse travels to the other monitor. kinda ruins the who fun of it.
heu des barres quoi
dsaddsds
yes
Funny game thumbs up
POOPED MY PANTS 3 TIMES IN 1 GAME
ghvjvkvc
I swore and the shotgun guys mum the bitch idgaf she fucked yo bitch in the clique you claim west side when we ride come equipped with game, he claims to be a player but i fucked his wife.
PSTD MAKER
Peak
ate
Bata eu
J'adore
funny
REPO me en una mejor de mi, no tengo amigos pero el momento que los tuve y con ellos son irremplazables, este jueguito me sonrisas que ella no pudo darme, cuiden a REPO que bien god.
Good game, also goes on CV for construction mover
basically like working at a moving company with your friends, but add grenades
Bastante entretenido y las risas no faltan.
funny robot game
10 de 10
SUPER GRA POLECAM
gostei
play
funny
bon jeu drole et plaisant!
lethal company com fisica e mais coisa pra fazer.
Espanca.
jogo bom
Its so fun and funny
Yep
Got killed by a rubber ducky 10 out of 10 would definitely recommend
Sympas pour plusieurs entres potes, un jeu dans la qu'un Lethal Company / Content Warning
Juegazo
what the tunda
This game is hilarious and so much playing with other people.
dsa
si
Crouch and Loot.
Lethal company is better, more scary and more traps. Sound is also better in lethal company, this is not so scary.
gra kozacka do rozgrywki ze znajomymi! fun gwarantowany
Lange nicht mehr so viel gehabt und so viel gelacht - jeden Cent wert!
✅ momentos
✅ monstros e armas legais
✅ tempos de carregamento de mundo e fluidos
✅ capacidade de reviver morre o jogo todo)
❌ mascote emoji
YES!
rip to all those vases i dropped
POV you work for a moving company but you're in Detroit
Incroyable
This game is 10/10 with friends.
literally so fun, I just wish it was also mac compatible so i could play with my friends while i'm away at college for the week
kinda hard solo, but with friends it's some really good fun. the cart and hiding is also good to distinguish it from other games in this kinda genre.
Serei sincero: muito delicioso e gostoso jogar sa prr mas preciso de amigos para uma gameplay daora, podem me adicionar?
XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
gra, moj kolega andorid wyjade dziwne dzwieki jakby powiadomienia (polecam)
Hilarious game. Like Lethal company, but only the good parts.
fajna gra moj kolega android drze morde i jest zjebem - polecam
Yo con este juego gano de vida con las risas JAJAJAJJAJAJAJA
:v
fun af
El mejor juego jugue en los ultimos meses ,divertidisimo para jugar solo y con amigos
100/10
awesome game
Adicionem Conquistas!
No get shot fi real, an like mek so much money. Di blind guy a go shoot yuh too
a lot like lethal company, less horror but very funny.
this game is literally fun, boring when you get no money, fun when you do.
so far i go my brother angery an d he killed me
Very fun with friends!
fun shiiiiiiiii
esta chistosito
Hands down the best co-op horror game I have ever played. It's super funny to play with friends. Definitely a better experience than Lethal Company and Content Warning and much easier to get into. You won't regret buying this, except if you really hate the emoji mascot
apenas
PS: Tenha amigos <3
love this game can not make it past level 2 and i hate the duck with all my soul
peak comedy
yuh
gcujkl
absolutely hilarious, and terrifying. 10/10
4 30
super game
360
Bom
nice game
muy buen juego para jugar con amigos pero si lo jugas en forma individual no lo recomiendo pero tiene una modalidad online muy divertida en si el juego esta muy bueno i vale la pena el precio deberian comprarlo antes de q salga completo por si le aumenta el precio
Me and my friends where goofing around when a monster jujmped us and killed us all. Absolute cinema
i keep getting raped but peak
gavno
So much fun with Friends
funny lethal
I repo until die
entretenido
awesome sauce
best game
Super fun game its really good I recommend it
10/10 P.S
Just so you are aware (perhaps this will change by the time this game leaves early acess), currently the game has no means to find a game with other people other than having people on your friendlist who are also playing the game. I wanted to check this out hoping to get into some matchmaking/server browser game and see if this is something id wanna play with my friends first but this is currently not an option and this isn't the kinda game id wanna play in solo tbh.
By far one of the best multiplayer games I've played, there is never a moment where I'm bored!
VERY "Fun"
nice
baozao
Not gonna lie its a pretty good game, I like it cause I get to beat the child mob, the game is actually scary if you play alone, but if u play with friends its a blast.
Totally recomended.
literally been having some of the best laughs with my friends with this group. the monsters are wacky and the situations you can find yourself are so silly and funny. dont take things so seriously!
Professional Moving Simulator
Has been a fun game to go to away from my normal grind and something fun to play with friends and community members as a streamer <3
Very fun with friends! :)
Similar gameplay feel to Lethal Company but has more teamplay. All in all a good time
funny racist game
<3
I like bullying disabled people :)
ufg87y8iuhygiugiuhgiugviyvfgiuygviougviuhykj
Happy Beckmann Hook
jijodebu se jijean los jijolines
ADD PUBLIC LOBBYS
fun
So much fun!
muy bueno si tu amigo no cae al vacio
no dirt no 9/11
its jokes but also like so hard to figure it out
very fun game especially with friends
funny game
I'm having a lot of fun! Very goofy and easy to play without any sacrifices to tension or the spook factor.
R.E.P.O The Most Fun You Can Have While Legally Stealing Stuff!
If ever dreamed of being a repo agent but want to deal with real-life consequences (or, you know, actual work), R.E.P.O is the game for you! been playing this with my friends, and let me tell you, nothing brings people closer than the shared joy of aggressively reclaiming unpaid assets while laughing maniacally.
The game is an absolute blast, full of chaotic moments and questionable decision-making. One minute, a professional, efficiently grabbing valuables, and the next, running for your life because you underestimated a very angry homeowner with a baseball bat. Oops.
Honestly, R.E.P.O deserves all the praise in the world. fast, fun, and full of like that time I tried to repo a couch and accidentally took the dog instead. worry, I gave him back. eventually.)
10/10 would reclaim unpaid goods again!
10/10, romanian simulator
big funni game :D
Nova Prospektten herkese merhaba, cinli perili mekanda
I liked this product.
10/10 experience
Jogo TOP,divertido,dahora jogar mais com os amigos,mais como tenho muitos,quem quiser jogar um pouco,chama ai.pra jogar.
weno weno weeeno
SO MUCH FUN 10/10
bon jeux pour un groupe d'amis. 6 joueurs! contrairement plusieurs jeux de ce genre qui ne supporte que 4.
I screamed and woke up my parents. 10/10 would recommend
Funniest game of 2025
mon pote m'a dans le vide que j'ai attendu 15m pour respawn
20/2
Mu guapo muxa grasia
its not that fun
Only three hours in and some of the funniest moments in multiplayer gaming I've had with this game! Would highly recommend if you can handle the jump scares
Joguinho mutio divertido racho o bico com ele
one of my friends was screaming and it slowly faded out and i shit my pants and self destructed
haha duckie
Hardest I've ever laughed with friends. definitely worth the money, deserves a higher price tag imo.
s'good
Very fun and funny with friends
ES LA POLLA
tramsigt, flummigt, kul :,D
muito divertido
Esse jogo simplesmente cinema, no msm tempo q tem tem terror e os dois se misturaram mt bem!
hilarious game to play. I think a shrink gun would be cool for large items
what the flying skull
kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
mejor que el s3x0
I like it
So fun if u have friends to play with! i only have 3 hours but i love it so much!
nice.
meh.
game is incredibly boring and the only reason you'd be interested in playing it is to have a glorified interactive chat lobby with friends, the gameplay loop is so slow and boring, I've seen people say this is lethal but better but honestly I couldn't agree less, lethal has quick and fun rounds, you get in get out type beat, everything in this game just feels so jank and slow, considering that the main gimmick of earning is that the objects can take damage, moving everything w the beam thingy just feels so unintutive to control and it just makes it frustrating when things dont work as they should. I dunno, the map layouts kinda suck and feel very samey with little to no variety and the monsters honestly arent that fun to interact with. It just feels kinda bland and uninspired.
The only thing I have to say about this game is that it is super funny. It's got a good amount of suspense if you would call it that
muito bom o jogo aposto q jogar com amigos deve ser melhor ainda ou em servidores esperando ansiosamente para de servidores ou salas
bom
ts pmo frl
JOGO FODAAAAAAAAAAA
a blast to play with friends excited to see where the game grows
5
juegaso sin mas
very fun with friends
always fun, every, single, time
goo fps
good game, play with friends and turn of Discord for full experience!
palabra homie
gud.
Ooh cute duck! I wanna pet i-
mad funny with friends hope they come out with new updates or if you can get mods
This game made me laughing till I came, def
funny game, lots of laughs
its so fun esp w friends
Y do the blind dude got aimbot bro
that duck annoying asl too
A really really good game to play with friends
its really fun and I like the spooky factor
worth every penny
Que voy a decir ante semejante obra de arte
Spoopy
love this game because its fun and easy to play and really easy to mod
ITS FIRE but only wit frems
Superficially very similar to Lethal Company, yes - you go into buildings, collect loot for profits, and hide from spooky things. But it puts enough of a spin on the concept to be pretty distinct and enjoyable. Suffers from a lack of identity in its monsters, though - there's a huge amount (more than Lethal, I think?) but pretty much all of them, except for two or three, have the exact same counter play to them, and none of them force the game to be played any differently. You can just crouch underneath a table and wait until any of them leave.
To be fair - first public release of the game. I'm sure the gameplay identity of the enemies can be ironed out in time.
Not sure why this game has such good reviews, it's incredibly boring unless you and everyone in the lobby is on drugs and getting hit by a cart is somehow funny.
Now send me clowns, I need points.
Uga uga gosto de dar nos meus amigos uguuu uuuuguuuuuu
it good
absolute cinema
Es muy divertido para pasar el rato con amigos. Hay muchas risas, enojos y sorpresas
Dreadful lethal company clone. Slop game slop logo. 0/25
lpmhbyup
es muy bueno y chistoso para jugar con tus amigos
THIS GAME IS SO FUNNY LOL
peak gaming, would recommend if you enjoyed lethal company or content warning
nickel
absolute riot!
freaky
BLUBLUBLUBLUBLU LINGA GULI GULI GULI WATA LINGAGOOO LINGAGOOOOOOO
ORIGINAL
Love this game! My friends and I have a ton of fun, the only thing I would change is possibly an easier way to get rid of the spewers. They become too much sometimes that it makes us want to quit and start a new lobby.
mucho que no me con juego.
muy bien, una mezcla de terror y yo lo recomiendo a todos.
TRO B1
R.E.P.O.I.O
1
510 510
vxc
Great game, Its another party game BUT simple, Fun an easy to pick up, an playing solo isn't bad at all unlike most games in the genre.
this game is really enjoyable and funny for me and it is also a pretty good horror game too so i would definitely recommend it people who like horror games but are also pretty comedic. it also worth the 10 dollars
heh heh. flushed him down the turlet
10/10
Amazing fun horror with a fun challenge from the entities and fun graphics
really fun
hilarious
Muito divertido e assustador
Chaos and Silly Times, and a smol dev team that is taking their time to listen to their rapidly growing community
Yep, it's good :D
necesita servidores para juegar con randows pero bueno esta muy bien y muy caro
MORSOMT MED
milk man
muito bom vsfd puta que pariu
Awesome.
juego qlio bno pero repetitivo recomendado para jugar con amigos
10/10
Canadian sim go crazy
Feck yeah, top tier fun! Spoopy while playing alone and turbo shenanigans while playing with friends. I highly recommend this game!
funny game its so fun
Juste prenez le c'est mourir de rire avec des amis
mt bom
Top spel
def recommend with some friends that know how to have fun
GG
the new funny/horror era. its really fun. and the monsters are creative. and it all seems to work out.
nice game
Embargamiento simulator
very good
falta a de REPOrtar os amigos que quebram os itens
10/10
BOMBALARI SOLA ATAN OLMAZSA :DD
I leave beating the shit out of giant skulls and blind gunmen with a stuffed clown.
funniest fucking game i have played in a min
a living trashcan collecting expensive trash, 10/10 recommend
juegazo chat
100/10 Super fun if u wanna troll and get a good laugh
kinda different lethal company
OYUNU OYNAMAK 2 OYUN 10/10
:)
Proximity chat is what makes this game so funny and addictive
I like it
jeu du
muy sobrevalorado y muy quemado
Make money and kills friends. 1/1
Evet.
Sim
Joyita que merece la pena probar al menos una vez (estoy viciado).
p
GOATED
so noce
Meu amigo e eu tentamos levantar um vaso juntos e o vaso caiu nos encaramos por 5 segundos com aqueles daqueles bonecos tontos foi 10/10
Awesome game to play with friends
its lethal company on laughing gas
i dropped a clock down the stairs, and it killed an old man
10/10 Would hit children with a pan again
ough so fun
very good
10 10
I hope that stupid huge soundless black thing stubs his toes
I pway this game with my fwends butw they die and it scawy i like it but it scawy. My fwend liam fell in a hole and his bwain flew upp lmao so great #havingfun #gaylove #gaymaraige #17mai #repo
Company, ZeekerssRBLX
10 / 10
HA HA HA
Bardzo fajne. Lepsze lethal company
Fun
7/10
GOOD
funny as all hell
con amigos es recomendable
So far the game is a pretty enjoyable experience with friends, something that does bother me is that there is no key bind to turn the flashlight on and off and that it turns off automatically when you crouch, also the whole emoji thing and the cover of the game is extremely unappealing I'd recommend to drop it
Amazing game, but drop the emoji marketing. makes it looks like a cheap shitty mobile game.
Great game to play with your friends.
Dios es como dios es como yo cuando estoy jugando un juego de miedo con amigos y es gracioso dios es que dios que juegazo dios dios
BRO this grandpa keeps shooting my head off
very fun
i shit my pants
fck lee sin with shotgun
This game is so good my friends can't stop playing it
funny asf
dobre kokociny sa tam deju haluze v tilted towers aj v salty
juegazo
this game m LAUGH OUT LOUD
SUCH AN AMAZING GAME BETTER THAN LETHAL
Gra jest zdecydowanie warta uwagi. Podczas rozgrywki zamieniamy sie w na dobrostanie pewnych istot gluty, kreautury inne. gry multiplayer zdecydowanie na plus, gra nie z ciebie to zawsze jest niezdara i ma dziurawe Mechanika jest i nie przesadzona. Mocne 9/10
highly fun with friends
Genuinely one of the most entertaining and funny games I've ever played! It's like Lethal Company or Content Warning but with more meat to it!
I really enjoy the physics, how different all the enemies are, how each map has its own pros and cons and how fun to play with friends or even randos!
It's an all-around great game! 10/10 in my books, can't wait to see what the future holds for R.E.P.O.! :D
Very scary >:(
i like when the mouths go bwabwap bwabababwbaa
jestem zadowolony jak nigdy czlowieku moge se klepsydre jak po zazie lub po mocniejszym i frajde z rozpierdalania o majstersztyk
Incredible
Nice game daddy
Absolutely stellar game, please please get this to support these awesome devs and what they do!
Very fun game, in my opinion, it is an upgrade from lethal company, it makes a balance of goofing around and being scared/chased by the monsters.
Very Good.
FUCK THE GNOMES AND RUGRATS: Please semiwork add a gnome cooldown to this gnome orgy for the love of god
bom para um caramba entro em uma sala a sala sai um som do caramba eu dou alt f4 insta
laugh
murder your mates
they call you slurs through chat
1
2
3 4-6
3-4
20 + 2 robe 200% 2
gostei muito, muito aconcelho jogar com amigos
bastante divertido cuando es con amigos jajajajajajajaja
Where's all your money gone Donny?
Taxes.
*cries a bit*
It's okay, it's part of the game
No it's not, it's not fun.
It's not fun to what?
It's the worst part of the game.
What [is]?
Taxes.
this game funny
Mam takie samo gdy w IKEA, rzeczy i zmierzam prosto do kasy.
Gierka bardzo szybko nudzi
Very fun game with and without friends.
1
Me parece uno de los juegos con potencial y de lo divertido que he visto y jugado con mis colegas.
Highly recommend.
JBL
1000 10
c:
So funny, good game
So you want to know what this game is like? CHAOS. Especially with a full lobby. Played quite a few times now with multiple friends and while I'm a baby about it. I absolutely want to keep playing it. Just not alone. But I recommend it. Hope you enjoy it too!
text to speech says no no words. 10/10
Good but FIX THE DAMN BROKEN OBJECT SOFTLOCK. You know what i'm talking about
7 saat boyunca 5. gecemedik .Oyunun kadar emek verip kesiyorsun fakat geri gelebiliyor(bebegi tasarlayana mutluluklar kendi kendine veya birbirlerini bitince baska ve zor.(bebek ve yer para degerleri iyi fakat bazen item bir kere 100 para degeri baska bir seferde 300 veya 400 gidebiyor yani bir ekstra ve mekanikleri vakit gecirmelik fakat bazende ragequit bir oyun.
j
Ignore the cringey emoticon shit.
The actual game underneath that is excellent - and it brings a very fresh take to the 'Lethal Company' spooky-coop-looting formula in the form of physics-based-everything.
Fun and silly, and it's very apparent that a lot of passion has gone into this one.
pretty hawk tuah
too funny
its good
so good
ITS FUN. SOME GLITCHES. YES. YES.
Ghosty
screamed so hard i nutted
Busquen amigos hagan timepo y pasenla BOMBA Punto FINAL.
Love how the shop becomes the gulag whenever my friends go into the secret hideout
DONT TOUCH THE DUCK
entrei, meu amigo entrou na sala, pegou itens, peguei um gigante lindo (minusculo), Valia 2 mil, Meu amigo abriu a porta e tinha um bixo de serra eletrica, Nos morremos.
Nota 10 de 10
Demasiado bueno, pero si no tienes amigos es un asco jdajja
bla bla bla ble ble ble blu blu blu
viejo ciego garca te la tengo jurada
good game
dont give all the strength upgrades tuah specific same friend
great
Great game to play with friends, I especially like that you can have up to 6 players in a lobby.
had the most stressful walk back to a truck in my life, proceeded to get killed by a laser-firing clown kicking a duck
10/10
This game is a true test of willpower, friendship, and care. If you break one too many items, you wont have enough money to extract. If all your friends are dead, you have to get enough money alone to resurrect them.
its very fun with friends
nie moge kocham repo
me diverti
10/10
que juegazo el REPO perfecto para jugar con tus amigos toda una tarde.
A flying head that like little boys.
10/10
GOD
10 10
best and funny coop horro
gruselig aber lustig
funny goofy and scary, one of the most fun games ive played and i hope the upgrades make this game even better 8/10
worst game i ever played
best of its kind
Great game for playing with friends, lots of laughs
es el mejor juego que juge con amigos, en realidad con un amigo, solo tengo un amigo, jaja no tengo mas, pero bueno, la paso bien piola en este juego, recomendado.
Hilarious with friends and still scary when it really want to be, highly recommand to at least give it a try
oyun iyi ve tavsiye ederim oyun`a hak ediyor ve oyunun MB not: kolsuz ve maus bilmeyen (elmas vazo tabak bardak :)
3/3 autistics played with
very funny game when u get bored (best with soundboard)
yes
Lethal Company,
10/10
R.E.P.O. (REPO),
R.E.P.O.
R.E.P.O. Phasmophobia Lethal Company,
9.5/10
pido r
10 10
great game but it is better with more people and i hope that they add a feature to join an online lobby
money money money
nice
GREAT CONTENT GAME. LOTS OF LAUGHS WITH FRIENDS
mijto raw
this a vary good game though if you do not like scare game do not play repo.
fun
Foda
DH Animation - Del 14
ta god
Me encanta cuando en el minuto 1:46:06 aparece el R.E.P.O. y dice "Yo soy el R.E.P.O., voy a R.E.P.O.arte", y lo hace, pero quitando eso la flor es bonita.
Very nice Game, i heard my friend got ritten apart by an Monster in Proximity chat and then i was alone whit that thing
ban the big head and ban the gnomes
super games :)
better with friends, but not fun to play imo when you're last survivor alive.
personally, i had more fun when there was a party of three more than than just duoing it.
I LOVE this game. It's a good balance between hilarious and absolutely terrifying.
yh good game! played many hours! will play many more
My friend and I assaulted an alien and then burned him alive with a flamethrower. 10/10
Add a shop refresh button!
:)
fun
Very similar to lethal company, has some wonderful bones already for early access and a lot of character.
Differences from lethal I like:
The player animations and the voice chat animations are great, and even for your less talkative friends there's a text to speech option.
Visibility is great - A lot less dark rooms/five feet visibility, you can usually see pretty well ahead except for when you're turning in the mission where the lights go out.
Less jumpscares - The monsters are a lot more methodological across the board, so you can tell what they're going to do and you don't just panic run. Certain monster combos will still catch you by surprise and feel a little bit out of your control, but audio cues help a lot here too.
For cons, I really don't have any that I expect them to resolve down the line - more maps are already planned, custom lobby options like costs or team upgrades, cosmetics to better stand out, etc. Mods already cover a lot of these but who knows how often those will break with updates.
Gostei mt do jogo, Joguei com uma rapaziada ai e foi muito divertido!
Yes
Molto carino come gioco, manca solo il casual multiplayer un vero peccato, se volete aggiungermi, molto volentieri
esta chido
[u] [/u]
Very good game
this game is good i think
esta pasado de vergas,algo bien los sustos
Ist ein absolutes spiel. Ich hoffe es wird nie besser. aber ihr wissen. :) Huhn
ansonsten
9 aus 10
Story: 5 aus 10
der rest ist ganz okay.
Viel :)
chat gpt
R.E.P.O.,
R.E.P.O.
"Bass Boosted Hardstyle Remix".
R.E.P.O.
Good game lots of fun. Will be even better if lobby could be more than 6 people I think I don't have friends but can imagine it will be pretty cool. But playing alone is also fun when your a schizophrenia.
a cosia mais letal desse jogo a imbecilidade dos seus amigos
gra siekiera
10 de 10 lo unico malo es que no tengo amigos con quien jugar
Muy divertido con amigos, pero soy demasiado cobarde para jugarlo solo jajajaja
Juegardo, estoy muy viciado
This literally the best game of 2025
chi
i hate u and i lov u duck
Very fun
awesome sauce
wonderful
neep
"Should this be further in?"
*Gets crushed by the extraction point*
10/10
cool game i guess
I absolutely love this game omg I don't usually like these types of games because I am TERRIBLE at them but I can't pull myself away from this game! The monsters are so cool! The game is simple but there's also so much to do without being so hard and tedious that I get upset when I die like with most games like this. I actually find myself wanting to get caught by some monsters just so I can see what they do lol. i can't recommend this game enough especially if you like playing games with friends! I haven't personally played it by myself yet because I get scared so easily lol but I'm so close to giving it a go by myself just so I can play more
Love this game. When all your teammates have perished, it feels like you are just on a shopping trip.
game is peak
your characters look retarded when arguing
By far one of the funniest games I've played on Steam. I love the proximity chat and the random things and features that can happen
savescum simulator
yep its kino
Maravilhoso para jogar em grupo
super divertido, con son los machanguitos y sus ojitos :3
questo gioco e' arte pura
YEYEYEYEYEYEYEYE
Very funny game and the devs did great
cool monsters. the works
fun as hell i scream and run then watch my friends die
so goofy
This game is absolutely amazing, I played it with my friends and it is nothing but endless fun. Can't wait for more content!
funne
divertente da giocare con gli amici, 10 euro ma ne vale la pena
amazing fun game amazing ways to troll your friends or get trolled!
it has so many cool and scary monsters if you love games like lethal company this is another
si porque si
Definitiv.
Yes, buy it.
Good only if you have friends.
RIZZ
ClietError
funn
[i] worst mascot/thumbnail designs known to mankind [/i] but it's worth the price 10/10
Amazing game! Very excited for the future development. My friend and I have never laughed so hard together in a game.
increible.
Really fun with friends, Monsters are interesting
a fun horror game to play with friends or randoms, its physic based and its funny to knock your allies around
Play repo with peepo and avoid the creepo!
funny
Goodddddd
i quit the company and became a robot
Oyun iyi ama tek veya save ve yerden devam edemiyoruz 2 saat gidiyor bunun isteyenlerin save gerekiyor bu oyunda.
Naise
Una joyita
Narrative-driven gameplay into an experience as challenging as it is rewarding. Set in a crumbling dystopia where knowledge has become most R.E.P.O puts you in charge of salvaging what remains of civilization before lost forever.
Your mission is simple on paper but devilishly complex in practice: lead a team of operations through hostile environments to recover valuable artifacts while keeping them alive against overwhelming odds. Each level presents a unique puzzle of combat, exploration, and decision-making, forcing you to weigh short-term survival against long-term goals. Do you risk sending your best scout into dangerous territory for a rare find, or play it safe and leave potentially game-changing resources behind? These choices matter, and the consequences ripple throughout the campaign, affecting not only your morale but also the fate of the world around you.
The real genius of R.E.P.O lies in its ability to make every move feel meaningful. Combat is turn-based and deeply strategic, requiring careful positioning, clever use of environmental hazards, and mastery of each unique abilities. Resources are scarce, so every bullet counts, every medkit is precious, and every step forward demands careful planning. It's a game that rewards patience and punishes ricklessness mercilessly.
Visually, R.E.P.O opts for a gritty, industrial aesthetic that perfectly complements its themes. The environments are grimy and lived-in, filled with rusted machinery, flickering lights, and remnants of a once-thriving culture. The sound design is equally impressive, with a mix of ambient noise and a haunting score that keeps tension high even during quieter moments. Every crack of metal and distant echo reminds you just how fragile your position is.
Of course, R.E.P.O perfect. Some players may find the pacing slow, especially in the early hours when the mechanics are still being introduced. And while the difficulty curve is generally fair, certain encounters can feel brutally unforgiving if unprepared. But these challenges ultimately add to the meant to be hard, because survival in a collapsing world should be hard.
If looking for a game that respects your intelligence, tests your skills, and immerses you in a richly detailed universe, R.E.P.O delivers in spades. It hold your hand, and it certainly go easy on you. But for those willing to rise to the occasion, it offers an experience as thought-provoking as it is satisfying.
better lethal company copy
its good
yes bruh
TA GUAPO
Please add rejoin button! From time to time my brother's game freezes with a blank screen and then he have to restart the game but there's no option to rejoin our party
Even though the game is Early Access, it's already polished enough to have hours of fun.
semiwork studios has big plans for this game, and i wish them great success with it.
Thx already for such a masterpiece of a game!
Would recommend for groups of Players (the more, the better).
[b]9.5/10[/b]
gamise
simply amazing i would like to commemorate the moment i watched my friend scream sorry and explode after being hit by a red laser.
When I play R.E.P.O. I feel like I just divorced my husband/wife in the best way possible, it is truly an amazing experience all should try!
its so friggin tough boi, very fun with friends, can be a lil tough solo but is definitly playable offline.
IL EST TROP BIEN C'EST LA RIGOLADIBOU
ist the bedst game of 2025. it makes me very happy inside my organs.
My friend has been violently murderd by many monsters and beings.
But i really flipping hate that wiener blind old man with the rifle. he always clips me.
funny time crystal isa make me slow in the head.
10/10 gg lol ts not pmo
Best played with friends. The more friends you have, the better
Not here to say that much, just gonna say if you have friends then you need to buy %100
str8 fyre
r.e.p.o. es un juego muy entretenido, ya que al tener tantas cosas y tantos escenarios posibles nunca sabes que va a pasar y si lo juegas con amigos es muchisimo mas divertido.
calidad precio es un 10/10 ya que cuesta mucho menos a lo que deberia costar por los graficos y el entretenimiento y las risas lo vale muchisimo
sztos
[i]R.E.P.O[/i] is a fresh take on the 'extraction-looter-horror' genre introduced by [i]Lethal Company[/i] a few years prior. The primary differences between the two games, beside art style and other surface features, include a lack of mission timer, emphasis on stealth and a fun physics system that allows you to manipulate the world around you, reminiscent of the [i]Amnesia[/i] series. It's similarities to previous titles in the genre are evident, but this game is different and unique enough to stand out on its own amongst a sea of half-baked co-op horror slop.
As of writing, a new update is in the works that promises to add even more content to the game, which hopefully means that we can expect a steady stream of similar content going forward. [i]R.E.P.O[/i] is an addictively frightening yet simple multiplayer game with great bones, and I cannot wait to see how it grows into itself over the coming months.
robot go brrrr
Jijeo de los jijones el R.E.P.O.
TOP TEN GAME WITH FRIENDS THIS IS THE BEST THING EVER? Retrieve, extract, and profit operation
divertido
if u hear haaa run and dont ask why
Te viene un sapo payaso gigante mientras tu colega pone Diva Virtual, 10/10
GOTY
nuked my friends with staff of doom
10/10 would R.E.P.O again
Juego muy entretenido para jugar con amigos
Esse jogo me fez refletir sobre a vida e como ela passageira!
2
Ba Bla bleb bleb bla ble ba bleblablabla
Good horror-ish game to play with friends. Requires some basic horror game skills but other than that I would 100% recommend this game.
Very fun with friends.
Gayet bir Oyun
it's great, much more stressful than lethal company, rounds can be like 5 times longer, goofy physics are also really fun, game has a lot of content and unique mechanics despite it being in very early access
yeah it's great, buy it, it's worth it if you have enough friends
fun game
amazing, honestly better than lethal company
Es muy buen juego para jugar con amigos, se pasan unas risas
Me encanta
best game screaming cussing doing everything exepct locking in
vert fun game. I play it with my sisters and we have so much fun!
Great Game to Play with my BOIZZZ
It takes the Lethal company formula and perfects it making an already great concept into an amazing one. Defiantly worth it.
acest joc este minunat.Eu, alaturi de prietenii mei, ne am jucat acest joc si din prima ora ne a impresionat foarte mult ideea foarte unica a acestui joc:joc horror combinat cu un joc amuzant care mai ales daca ai niste prieteni mai nebuni, se merita din plin banii. un singur lucru:inceracti sa adaugati lucruri in plus, aici ma refer la adaugarea obiectelor care influenteaza gameplayul armonios si il face pe nivel ce trece mult mai interesant.in rest n am ce zice un joc care merita cumparat.Felicitari!
cool beans
Amo essere abusato verbalmente dai miei amici rompo le cose 10/10
a lil spooky but a lotta fun
this is it fr
BAYA SARIYOR
si eres toiley los mewing son los mejores
DO YOU SEE A HUNTER ? RIGHT THEN SPEAR THAT MF DOWN LIKE HE STOLE YOUR CHOCOLATE CAKE.
Also don't get shot trying to do these simple steps.
Rinse and repeat cuz you'll die before you can even blink an eye.
10/10
hell yea
bla bla bla ble ble ble blu blu blu hep blop blop blop blop blop blop blop blop blop blop blop blop blop blop blop
YEAH ITS PRETTY FUN BUT I HATE THE FREAKING STUPID EMOJI MASSCOT
its good lol
Honestly doesnt do much different from games like lethal company and content warning, you could honestly play either of those and have just as good of an experience
its a very funny game to play with friends
This game is cute, except for the creepy emoji mascot. My only complaint so far is there needs to be lives. You should be able to buy lives or 'insurance' just like buying upgrades. It's great to play a few levels and upgrade everything and then BAM it's all for nothing and you're sent back to square one. I think you should be able to lose a life and then have to restart the level as long as you purchased a life or an insurance upgrade. Other than that? This game is fun and cute and i'm likin it so far.
Is very fun. stop reading and play it!
i laughed so hard i almost threw up. 11/10
Should add sex with the giant head, gnomes and other players.
remek eme
muy bueno.i.
I called the monster a poopoo pants face
Then I became a poopoo pants face
10/10
hra, se mi se mi tento typ her - si ji jako by byla ve full verzi
this shit BUSSIN
i like
:)
g
just some good fun
AMK
EPIC
R.E.P.O. GANG DI FUORI CANNONI SPARATI 2
1
It's funnier if your friend accidentally falls into a hole when laughing too much xD
This game is a great time killer. very simple and the devs seem genuine. A+
fun to play
filsdypite
good
fun
tam sizlikkk
:_(
locurote
This game is amazing and i recomand it with friends and not only, its relly good at combining fun, horror and your devotion to accomplish the money fee and buy items to pass the next levels.
Sehr gruselig, aber man hat auch etwas zu lachen!
Buen juego para pasarlo con amigos
Very fun and extremely funny with friends 10/10 recommend!
Funny horror team game, works best with friends
snusiks
a tense but fun game should definitely be given a chance.
ADHD GOING WILD WITH THIS ONE YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
10/10
Buy now.
Good game
Taxman must be pleased
Very fun to play with friends
Risas garantizadas
Were SAFE in here
I bought this game for 3 of my friends only for them to break everything, 10/10
best game to play with friends
better than lethal company
mazni4ka
tare rau
heh.
Maybe the real fun is the friends we lost along the way
on s'amuse
tak polecam innym graczom
sofa
3
My friend looked down and screamed "Is that a grenade" before violently exploding infront of me and my other friend who started laughing at what we just saw 20/10
Lethal Company,
7/10
THIS IS THE BEST GAME IVE EVER PLAYEDDD
pet the duck. trust. <3
Super fun game! Especially when playing with friends. However, after a couple of hours, it starts to be overwhelming since there is no more content. Levels become just with more monsters and that's it. But I hope developers will add new features, maps, and content!
quebraram o meu macaco 3 vezes seguidas
jogo massa
apenas compre que vc n vi se arrepender
kidnapped one of my friends and put it on a toilet while hearing him screaming for help game of the year
game feels so polished and is so fun with friends. My only critique would be removing the really cursed, AI looking emoji as the face of the game. I think it gives off the wrong vibe about the quality of the game. Could use the iconic player character design in a funny way that would present much better
ahm
10/10. +1 11/10
Its eternity in there
There should be a local multiplayer gamemode to play with some randoms on the internet for the funs of it, recomends but none of my friends have this game so I am always alone and singleplayer is to hard for is a co-op game, good game tho
chido solo y con amigos gogogo
Funny ASF
I like slide hopping, it's like cod but there are no guns, you are a robot and it's scary
rape lady scary
A duck quacked next to me and his blind pal shot me in the face
good
ima just say this is lethal company (which is fun
for 10 dollars you get the amount of fun you expect on a full 60 dollar game with all the dlc
this is a really funny game to play with friends and enemies, i fully recomend only speaking with text to speech
Not a review, just a recommendation.
Love this game
absolute peak game
watch an old blind man fall down a set of stairs or chuck gnomes at a scarecrow or floating mastermind all while collecting random objects including human remains permafrozen in ice. Fun Game 10/10
10/10 nut needed that after a month of edging
Muy divertido, una obra de arte para jugar con amigo.
ist lwg
El mejor juego para hacer desma con tus amigos.
Recomiendo tener la sensibilidad alta del microfono para mejor experiencia.
its a great game with times that can be annoying and funny I recomend it fully
Je recommande fortement c'es un super jeux en solo comme en multi.
Petit plus si vous Voicemod avec les soundboard un vrais entre pote.
Le jeux es de voir la suite.
zajebista
180
10 10
buen juego
quiten al de mrd
A nice bit of chaos and sabotage with friends. Not laughed that hard for a while!
koks
nique les qui lancent les objets
11/10
funny game to play with friends <3
They fucked the movement which is the butter to every game with new update
Great game
Make u very happy
Use drugs when u play it <3
uuuuuuuuuuuuuu in chat
It's stupid how fun this game is. 100% recommended
Fun and very funny!
bobasa do kwasu
goofy
i like men
omg so good its like sigma sigma boy ohio! incredible!
New way to play a game, very fun. R.E.P.O Discord makes it all the better with chill people. Latest Youtube video makes me more excited on what to come. 100% recommend throwing teammates into endless pits.
Jest mega
tam trol oyun tavsiye ederim
fun
6 slots only
Mejor que el lethal
El juego esta muy divertido lo recomiendo bastante lo malo del juego es que solo puedes jugarlo con amigos i si tienes pocos amigos que tengan el juego no lo puedes disfrutar tan bien
typ we mnie ze strzelby po tym jak ziomek morde
10/10
Meiner Meinung nach das beste "Horrorgame" 2025. mir mehr Maps und Outfits oder so ohne, dass man sich Mods runter laden muss, wenn man sich Outfits und so Overall schon nh 9/10. Is schon extrem lustig :3
Ihr wissen.
yes
funny game
360
w
Very much fun
+ Super hra
- nemam
funny robot game go boom
Best $10 I have spent in years.
Really cool game!
Had to refund, had no friends to play with :(
I love the game. It's fun and made me laugh a lot, although it also scared me quite a bit. I hope they gradually implement more features. I don't know if it would be a good idea to add accessories for the characters, like hats or something like that, which are also in the store and can be purchased with the money you earn.
GAME SO TUFF
This game is one of the most best games to ever come out in the history of gaming. Playing with friends is just pure chaos and fun. Shout out to my homie for gifting me it as well. KEEP DOING WHAT YOU GUYS ARE DOING!<3<3<3<3<3
very silly, very fun, just watch out for your friends, betrayal is imminent
THIS GAMEE MAKES ME JOYFUL
normal
Not to be played alone, it is stressful to do so.
real fun 10/10
10.000$+. 1
Very fun Lethal Company inspired game!
The premise of the game is an extraction style horror looter. Carefully taking items you find and placing them into carts while trying not to damage the valuables; taking said carts to the extraction zones as you avoid various monsters. With the money earned you can purchase shop upgrades, such as: More health, More stamina, More Strength, Longer Range, Faster sprint speed, ect. The game is amazingly funny with friends, I imagine it can still be enjoyable alone; but significantly less so.
The only real cons I have about the game is the weapon system and no real meta-progression.
I wish the weapons were not physics based, and instead you could click to swing a sword; or click to shoot some of the weapons; the melee weapons moreso over the guns. This makes using some of the melee weapons kind of a pain, and just kinda flailing them around hoping you hit the enemies.
For the meta-progression, I would really just enjoy something to unlock or something to progress for in-between runs whether it be Cart skins, or hat customization; there is no dopamine fix for getting a really good run outside of just being proud of the run itself. I would really enjoy having/earning something for those really good runs. Something to work towards by playing the game itself.
existe un fantasma que te lleva y te viola es epico el juego 10/10 lo volveria a jugar claro que si+
hilarious game with friend 10/10
goofy ahh scary game
12 10
mui weno
This is a great game that's similar to Lethal Company but christ please remove that awful emoji. It put me off buying the game initially and many of my friends were/are put off because of it. This game has great fun playable characters which would do great featured on the posters/thumbnails instead.
i dont think ive ever felt so sexually attreacted to a game before
Played this game with a friend, it's art.
awesomeSAUCE.COM
| _ _ l
/ |
/
| | |
| | |
|
It's great.
WWWWWWWW
very cool game if you have friends
Simple and clunky which makes it even more enjoyable. Will have to try with mods in the future.
Esta muy divertido, la experiencia mejora 100% con amigos :)
fajna jak masz ekipke jakas
this games the funniest shit ever when with friends and scary as shit when theyre all dead and you have to carry their heads
the game is very fun and funny it is worth to buy
perfect for friends
muy buen juego, comprenselo y m invitan a jugar
Got killed while catcalling an old man with a shotgun
Top Game macht laune mit freunden
die Grafik besser sein, aber es ist sehr lustig und den preis lohnt sich der kauf
i hate my friends more gg bast game
REALLY fun game with friends, horrible emoji logo thing but overshadowed by the hard work of the developers!
I have played for 10 hours total, at a 10 buck price for when I got the game I would say the 1 for 1 dollar for value has been incredible. Major steal and you should just pull the trigger, you'll get plenty of enjoyment. On top of this, the developers are going to be adding new features so we are just getting started.
Suggestion to the developers:
- Make stamina usage a *little* less punishing
- Ceiling crawler mob that sounds like a centipede (would be insane)
- Consider areas only accessible via physics (step on a button, pull a lever, secret room)
Thanks for making the game <3
todo
Sensational
take this a caution to dropping an edible before playing.
5/5
56
The side-eye mechanics of the game push it to a 10/10, its a goofy fun game. Highly recommend for the friend group.
fun with friends
skibidi toilet
cool
simulator mais en drole
Dr. Taxman, or, how I learned to stop worrying and love the loot
mamacita is very good
its funny and a game about trust to gather items and achieve victory
GOTY
Honestly, I don't get the hype. The game is FUNDAMENTALLY flawed. The problem is the game is not fun, if you're not playing the game. It takes too long to meet the goals when everybody else dies and if you're dead, then you're forced to just sit and watch. My wife literally left and when to do something else while I attempted to finish the level, WHICH I COULDN'T because I got softlocked out of it because there wasn't enough treasure left to meet the second goal!
dios mio
10/10 game but please add to gfn (GeForceNOW)
SUPER FUN GAME.
Ich habe dinge gesehen
Pure fun
Mejor que el s3x0
bom
made me fart and giggle so funky should buy
god
Spawns in
Sees the gng
sees the old hag
throws hb at the hag
hag gone
would definitely rate 10/10
Don't recomend. players are bully and grief. i have been made soup and my friendd was used as a brush on a very nasty tioilet.
Hello guys could you ban "Sir NeploYT" from this game? I have died numerous fucking times because he blares tiktoks into the mic rather than playing the fucking game I swear to god I will expose his address if you guys dont ban him. Cheers
This game is absolutely bonkers! The more friends you have the more chaotic things can become. And its fun in every way. Even Solo is very enjoyable if you dont have or want anyone to group with. Would recommend to anyone that enjoys a fun scavenger hunt in a haunted area :)
es genial
gaz
BEEPO
My friend got shooted by ded, after he said "ded poka" at last 2 seconds in Truck
Absolute cinema
can't sex the cart :(
dxcfghhgfdhgdf
iyi
its just OP
ws
At first I was worried this will be another lethal clone, but quickly realized how fun and unique this game is.
Pros:
Physics system is fun and feels good to use
Most people are chill and I haven't really ran into trolls
Enough content for the price
More content coming soon
Cons:
No matchmaking
No kick
Game does start to feel a bit stagnant after a couple hours
Respawn system could be better
Overall its a great experience and worth trying before the hype dies down and the game is abandoned.
kryto sex
much fun. quite the riot with a group of friends. hope they make more maps and stuff for it. 10/10
good game
game of the year 2025 very good
ES UN JUEGAZOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
(con amigos)
top4ik real'no
c'est incroyable je recommande vivement R.E.P.O
would be better with strangers
I've had a blast with a bunch of my friends on this game and sometimes we all just end up goofing off and being dumb but in all fairness its best to play with a big group of friends and laugh at their silliness on how they break stuff or use the ai voice to say the most dumbest things imaginable to distract most of the monsters it all comes down to who ya got as a friend and if your able to get stuff done and move on to the next level i hope this will convince peeps to try this game and see how crazy it can be.
10/10
Graciosisimo, me parto de risa en cada partida, lo recomendaria a cualquier grupo de amigos
Lethal company 2.0
The flying ass-eater-head hunts me in my dreams
Lethal company in noch besser
top
:)
Fun and Funny AF when played with friends
Lot of fun i play with friends and its just like lethal company but you sell imediatly love this game
10 10
If you want some good laughs, goofy ahh moments. This is the game. Up to 6 players, upgradable stats, EARLY ACCESS? You mean there's more come?! I had so much laughs on stream. Never have I ever got so much content from an early access game. 10/10!
14
ii
Mert geci
very silly
gg
sigma
Bastante gracioso, menos cuando tienes a un autista como que se cree gracioso. 9/10 GOD
Joguinho muito divertido pra passar o tempo com amigos. Tem o terror de andar por sem fazer barulho, tem a de arrastar as coisas por e tem as risadas descontroladas quando pego e fica assistindo seu amigo no perrengue.
A perfect mix of Comedy and Horror. One minute you're blasting fetty wap from your mic, the next you're hiding under a chair as a blind man with a gun trots past. I guarentee if you own a microphone and have atleast 2-3 friends that also own one, this game will occupy your nights for a while. It genuinely is a blast, and unlike other games of its genre, it is genuinely difficult in a way that isnt frustrating. My friends and I will play and only get through the first 3-7 maps and yet we have a blast every single time. An amazing game if you've been frustrated from other games. Its a game thats great to come home to and relax and have fun to.
very goog
10/10
09
stna hauskaa on
i love this game so much it blows my mind. but they dont have global multiplayer so i could join random people. developer if your reading this, add global multiplayer so people can play with randoms.
Gerici ve korkutucu gayet bir oyun
5 5,
Dope as hell, just a little too much camera shaking imo
Me suele pasar una incontinencia urinaria muy exageradamente fuerte, yo creo que es el de Jorge, el grillo que vive en mi y mi mejor amigo. En fin el R.E.P.O. son los amigos que hemos hecho en el camino.
fun
=]
385
360
gas asf game recommend fr play w friend tho
So fun and funny I loved every part of this game especially the clown and reaper that I encountered during my playthrough of this game. To say all of that in one sentence is I love this game.
Juegazo entretenido para jugar con amigos
10 10
einfach mega
A GOOD GAME VERY FUNNY AND FUN BETTER THAN LETHAL COMAPNY! SUPER FIRE! YEAH. yeah its yep.
quer se divertir e morrer pra monstros, ou ser morto pelo proprio amigo? esse jogo ideal
its good
fun game
the best and retarded game ever, love it <3
funi
gut
goat game
I LOVE REPO
4
Incredible Horror and FUN game physic based So funny to throw valuables at my teamate :) ( And I love the mobs concepts )
fuck u bitch
wow!
Game is more fun when:
- You have friends
10
treaba
Brardzo fajna gierka tylko szkoda ze do niej sa mody bo jakies pol mozgi chca grac w nia na modach
It is a brilliant fun game. I haven't laughed in ages like I have been playing this. I would 100% recommend this to anyone of any age too.
very good game
Haven't laughed this hard in so long
I highly recommend this game
(location), xD
5+
Este juego no tiene desperdicio la mejor compra para jugar con amigos i pasar horas jugando
BEST GAME 2025
This game doesn't have public matchmaking :( i requested a refund, maybe i'll get it back again someday if its added. The mechanics and graphics/ gameplay are really cool, I was sad to delete it
Tata MatiAS ma speriat
super funny and really fun
funny game
Lustiges Spiel
THIS GAME IS SO FUN LOL
tripi tropi
I shot an old blind man with a sleeping dart, and then my friend killed him with a head of our severed dead homie, 9/10.
lethal company 4 player co-op slop
bring a soundboard
good
i was being chased by a BIG SCARY GHOST that was BLACK and i screamed really loud and hid under a CHAIR
I like this game
Good and uncanny! It's Lethal Company but more difficult with a twist.
You play as an android who goes "shopping" with a cart in an abandoned haunted location, while you "shop" for valuables you must avoid the residents that haunt the place, and exit the location safely with the required quota met to advance.
Recommended! 8/10 :D
Happy shopping!
le meilleur jeu type de Lethal Company et de jouer avec ses potes en s'amusant bien
cycki
10 10
Fantastisch!
10 \10
went to steal a whole ass server with the boys lost three of them on the way back to the ship and got some amazing head from that floating skull 10/10
Very funny game
:D
The Game of the Year is the beginning of 2025, a horror game that has its own style and mechanics, and you can also have fun with friends or Scare mobs
funny
This game is goofy glad i clould find a game tha felt like lethal company and be almost better LOL.
(y)
This game is SO good. I had this much fun in a LONG time. good maps, good loot (we can work on it but hella fine atm), monsters are CRAZY.
I have a lot of faith in these developers because I know they can do A LOT MORE if the starting point.
Best 10 bucks ever spent for a game
OYUN YEM AW
BU ARADA KARI BEN :)
LAN OYUN YEM
BU ARADA KART KARI ANANI
10
me gusto el juego lo recomiendo pero no es divertido si no lo juegas con amigos
Polecam kolega w mutacje niej. tylko mu plemnik na twarzy. Minus taki na mnie It is what it is.
Good game. Worth the money :thumbsupemoji:
0
10 10
yknow the game is good when its made by people from sweden, rahhh buy it now
together. we are repo
Nice game to play with your homies with really funny gameplay
Oyunu yeter. Amk hep zarar. Girerler direkt yaraq gibi tek ise kesinlikle amk sokup sureti ile bok edip sikerler.
Not
am k oyununa public server Benim var ama baya asosyal it onlarda
every good
10 10
the tax man took me from behind :(
Love it like sm great and funny and thrilling rec 100%
[i] goofiness overload [/i]
yes
great game!
Very fun Multiplayer experience, and its very well made, im excited for updates and hopefully a new variety of content to add to the monsters, maps, and loot!
its a really funny but scary game i be having the time of my life on it
very good game look it up on youtube
B.L.Y.A -
3/10
6/10
1/10
Cutest little guys with the ugliest mascot in human history
bata eu
Tolles Spiel, macht jedesmal aufs neue Laune. Haben durch das Spiel neue Bekanntschaften gefunden.
Kann es nur weiterempfehlen! :)
gud
polimardo BUENARDOPOLIS
Love being an Android mascot!1!1
REPO. JUZ!
Super fun, spooky difficult solo experience, Super funny chaotic experience with friends. I think a non-perma death solo mode would be great as well! Maybe lv based?
I think this game is a whole lot of fun although a friend and I had an audio glitch just now where we couldn't hear one another. This is the first time we've run into this issue and we didn't have time to turn around and try reloading it because he had to go but other than that I think it's awesome!
Monkey
its a awesome game
sardi
Don't let the (in my opinion) abysmal emoji art fool you. This game is lethal company with physics, and its so damn fun to play. i cant wait to see what the developers have in store.
Tolles Spiel!
(Schrotflinten Opa sucht mich in meinen heim)
una re poronga no tiene multijugador se necesita amigos si o si
Good sex scenes ngl
You can throw your friend in a toilet. Very good
gg
this game sucks monkey balls
THE BLIND MAN IS COMING FOR YA
ts so peak icl
Skibidi
i love killing my friends in the stupidesty of ways
10/10 game
no tengo amigos, buen juego
Cool and fun.
sim
very good horror game if you have friends to play with( which i dont:(. ) anyways worth it alone but too scary alone
Maravilhoso para Jogar com os Amigos!
incroyable
ITS GOOD
I bodyslammed my friend to his death while 3 others watched
10/10 game
O_O
adamlar korku ve komediyi bir arada yani paraysa ve kapak oyun tahmin daha tabi girin tek sarmaz.
i like this game
Very good game
smeg
cool
Fun af
amazing game 10/10
This game is really fun and its funny with friends
WWW
yes fun
10 10
n loso
very funny
Perfect blend of goofy and horror! With a hint of potential lore?
3-4 ( )
gud
yup. It's good
satmak elime
2-Beni ve
3-Bir sonraki tur AMMINAKOYDUK!
10/10 birdaha elime
bir oyun
Moin, ist Sehr gut
espero que no acabe como el lethal
This game is so much fun, It's not as fun by yourself but it so funny and fun with other people, I didn't know you could knock other players over with the cart but you can and its so funny!
ALIN ALDIRIN OYNATIN OYNATTIRIN OYUN
Un jeux que je recommande. si vous aimer l'horreur et que vous avez des amis mais foncez ce jeu est fait pour vous. Cri de peur et connerie assurez
J'ai jamais eu autant de fou rire avec des ami(e)s, franchement, je vous le recommande x1000
det er et virkelig sjovt spil som du kan spille med venner vis du har (det har du sandsyndligt ikke)
Suba
Repossesing and such.
asek
Want some fun with friends? R.E.P.O!
BU OYUNU ALIN!
+rep jbl
100 10
Esta bueno pero es un bajon que no tenga lobbys abiertos para que pueda entrar gente random.
It's a fun time for you and your friends 10/10
feak of piction
✅ Aprobado por el canino
i wish there were more quota games
very fun definetly worth buying
super gierka, polecam serdecznie pozdrawiam z
chisyoso
10 10
Game is so hilarious and fun to play with friends.
its so fun to play with friends but it does get a little repetitive hope they add more things to do in it.
its a goofy horror game, kind a like lethal company. Its really fun playing with friends
o repo repo
fun
100 10
cool game
Fun playing with friends. <3 Just needed some more items and more maps.
robot
CRAZYYYYYYY
SO FUN
add sex
ja cnchl
peak game
It's really fun and I absolutely love playing it with my friend! Definitely worth the ten dollars =)
5 11
monster be oggity boogity and very silly when with friends
I'd like to see someone try to decipher this.
stupendo
Esta mas pulido de lo que parece, para ser un juego que funciona casi solo por las fisicas pense que estaria muy buggeado (Suele ocurrir), pero los dos sistemas base del juego, las fisicas y el audio, funcionan muy bien.
Lo devolvi porque realmente me parecio que no iba a volver a jugarlo y el tiempo me alcanzaba para hacerlo, es una linda experiencia, pero no va a ofrecerte mucho tiempo de juego a no ser que te fascinen juegos como Letal Company.
Si te gusta el genero, esta muy lindo, si venis porque lo viste en Videitos graciosos, que sepas que no es tan gracioso o divertido como cuando lo juega tu streamer de confianza.
Lethal company but good
played the tutorial and i love dis game 10/10 experience fully recomend
zarombiszcze
+
one of best game ever
Funny game will play again
BLABLABLA BLEBLEBLE BLUBLUBLU
FUN PLAYABLE TO USE INSIDE OF MY LIFE
penis
Fantastic.
10 10
Item looses value
You stare at your friends
You look away
Life goes on
lethal, content warning e outros jogos so q melhor
ass buggy mess game
blebubu
gaga
git
Super great game. I love to get my friends kill by sniper man. 11/10
it is really fun
Divertido para jugar con amigos aunque tengas amistades con problemas para cerrar el orto cuando tenes bichos al lado
This game has quickly gone to the top of my recommended list for fans of multiplayer horror and chaotic fun games. The unique art style coupled with the wide variety of monsters makes the game itself amazing. But where this game really surpasses others is in it's ability to truly let a group of people run rampant. Objects having different interact-ability, the hilarious text to speech and the player models expansive personality all make this one of my must play games of 2025.
Es una obra maestra hecha por los mismos dioses pesa poco como 1 Gb corre como una bestia y mansima baratito mas que hay como 15 enemigos diferente y les puedes dar hasta con una escopeta lo mejor son la mecanicas
This game is incredibly fun! It is difficult at times, and I recommend playing with friends. Singleplayer is a little difficult. If you're on edge, buy it. It's awesome!
10\10
Great game!
juegaso de 10/10
Gute Diese
Je recommande ce jeu fortement .Je recommande de jouer a plusieurs a ce jeu jeu est quand assez difficile au quand on ne connait pas les monstres
Erg leuk spel, vooral samen met een vriendengroep.
Funny as fuck, we really enjoy playing this game. Super work Semiwork
black people simulator
ama bizden zeki
tehehe
this game is really good if you want to b a samsung android
I think this might be the ugliest freaking logo/mascot I've seen for a game.
the game is good headthing is poorly designed - there should be explaination ANYWHERE on how to deal with monsters.
Got shot by an old grumpy man✅
Tall dark man touched me under a table✅
Got flushed down a toilet✅
Dropped an item worth 25k on the ground destroying it✅
Gnomes stole my valuables✅
10/10 experience, would
I have never had this much fun with my friends in a LONG time. I am so glad this game came out so we could all belly laugh and bully each other!
Utroligt sjovt
Awesome
its so much fun
i saw a baby kill someone by throwing a cube at him
10/10 would watch again
lovelllyyyyy
it is the goat
14
Ist nicht empfehlenswert
top
O jogo muito bem desenvolvido e quando joga com os amigos muito pela criatividade dos jogadores
2 5
I dont like horror games, but i like this game.
/
it's a pretty funny game, so much that I gave it to two of my good friends to play it and we had a good time together, the characters are very funny so it adds a touch something characteristic, it is not so scary what scares you are the screamers but still gives terror, I recommend it because it is cheap and fun.
-
Wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
Very cool except that FUCKING floating head being rigged everything else hood:)
Buenardo
10 10
yi
Fajna
Can kill a baby
Fun
ppretty goooooood
what can the headman do that women cant?
"Lethal company stumbled so R.E.P.O could run"
"Richard, I have the capsule."
It's peak fun
OE NAT!
kruto no zdelate s setevy servera plz
gives simular vibes to lethal company imo. great game.
SI
the game is fun after playing for a while still is but the monsters make no sense while your hiding they can just see you thats what ruins it so fun game but warning you its annoying.
the logo is stupid
guys i found out what repo stands for
Read More
:D
g
10/10.
zajebista gierka bardzo zbalansowana
probably alright havent played it much
picun
Jeu mega giga bien avec pote
u will laugh
It's a really fun game to play alone or with friends. So far my number one choice. It can go from super funny to freaky in just a moment, especially if you manage to go deeper. Definietely worth the money.
10 10
woth is for the prise
this game is such a fun way to spend hours of time
this game is a blast, its lots of fun playing it with friends it fills me with stress and joy i just love this game
800
Hell yes to this game.
Super fun cooperative game that leaves you feeling terrorized- both by the monsters and your friends' careless dashes into your prized possessions
One second you are laughing with friend next second friend explode and you have to hold your laughter 11/10
EVERYONE PLEASE ADD ME ON STEAM I WANNA PLAY WITH A TEAM PLEASE I JUST WANNA PLAY PLEASE YALL
10 10
Man you should buy it for 9 euros is very cheap for such a great game. If I would've live again and again for over 1000th I would still buy it. Cmon guys buy it it's too good and don't wait. This game will be the best of the Year man. Ngl
Funy
very fun, comparable to lethal company.
xD
SI NO TE GUSTA REIRTE NI QUE TE HAGAN REIR, CREEM NI TE LO COMPRES PUES, SERIA UNA PERDIDA DE TIEMPO, EN ESTE JUEGO LAS RISAS ESTAN ASEGURADISIMAS, Y CON AMIGOS AUN MAS!
zalupazv
juegazo de la concha de su madre
see monster shit your pants and alt f4 nice game
can kill your friends off a cliff with the cart 'accidentally'
10/10
great fun time
Cause:ClientTimeout
Muy divertido para jugar con amigos!
top
si
A baby broke my grandmothers vase
Like bro yoh
yes
dobra chujovina
phenomenal
123
it's good but i ABSOLUTELY HATE THAT STUPID UGLY LAUGHING EMOJI ICON, GET IT AWAY FROM MY STEAM LIBRARY AAAAAAAAAAAA
This game is absolute chaos this game is top tier for you and your friends and im glad to know that the devs lisen to the community and im exited to see what this game will have to offer in the future 10/10
This game is absolute gold, if you have friends (kinda crazy thought) then this is for you, if you don't have friends (like the majority of us) its still for you. Many laughs to be had as you and others try to survive while being loot goblins.
Melhor jogo
I dont get this game. Everything is random clusterfck.
Monsters are hard to read. You hardly learn how to counter them without guides.
Character progression is almost non existent. Upgrades do very little, like +10 to stamina (its like 0.5 sec of sprinting).
Death spiral is maddening - you get way less money to even heal your teammates from 1 hp after missions.
Zoomer language is an interesting design choice though.
Very funny
dificil
manyak oyun
better then lethal company, way more content then pilgrim, my friends actually want to play this instead of content warning. Has the funnest ways to troll your friends, watch them die or hide from monsters. Hidden loot in areas of the map up high the developers added creative thinking into the mix. 10/10 best game on steam for $10 and I would have paid $20 after playing it.
)
-
Unfortunately refunded. Really wanted to like this game, considering the popularity behind it. Definitely not worth all the hype. It's only fun, if you've got the right people to play with. Undoubtedly good for content creators though. That'll be my only experience with this game. Watching, or possibly creating content again, one day. The game itself, is actually pretty boring. What makes it fun, is your friends.
so good game and funny
I broke one glass plate and my friends jumped me irl.
recommended 10/10
good
good game very satisfying if you play alone and hillarious with friends
Empfehlenswert
very fun
This is a great game!
geiles Game
Este juego es la ostia. Lo es lo de el taxman que a veces se pone a decir $ muchas veces y no deja irse. Lo cual molesta mucho, ya que yo una partida de nivel 4 con mi amigo por eso. pero por lo bien.
really great game and fun, only issue ive ran into is that at time it freezes up when you have more the 3 people in multiplayer
7 fun bro
Morsomt
Ich bin ich niemals gedacht ein spiel kann so viele emotionen in mir
Je man spielt desto mehr wird einem bewusst wie dieses spiel ist.
Der vergleich mit dem tot sobald man die steuern nicht zahl ist eine sehr gute idee, ich habe auch einen bekannten gefragt ob er dasselbe im spiel hat dass er auch im echten leben hat wenn er sein ganzes geld mit an sein kind verloren hat da ich dieses nicht kenne (ich bin seit jahren professioneller steuerhinterzieher) Echte menschen wie z.b. Joe Biden (fliegender kopf), Mein onkel (Kotzfresse), Der stalker meiner 6 schwester (das black dings), mein vater wenn er drunk ist (der der auf gut zielt) usw. Eine map weckt auf nostalgische in mir da ich in meiner vergangenheit schon erfahrung damit hatte in einer schule geschlagen, getreten und rumgeworfen zu werden.
Alles in allem ich dieses spiel an jeden weiter empfehelen der gerne steuernhinterzieht da man sich so gut in die rolle solcher leute zu versetzen.
als kleiner disclaimer falls ihr steuern zahlt bitte mit bedenken spielen da es laut meinem bekannten starke hervorhebt und bei ihm sogar zu einem herzentfakt sorgte.
LG. SP
very entertaining
FUN GAME
YES! YES! YESS!
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA. -|-
10 10.
best game
pretty fun game except it can be very hard if your playing by yourself or with only 2 people because you get bummed easily
100500
10 10!
really fin
cine
Mocked the blind man, shot me at the other end of the hallway while extracting - 10/10 would play with friends again
10 10
Lethal Company if it wasn't boring
Dieses Spiel mit allen Mitteln, der leichte Touch von Horror mir sehr. Die Level sind zwar nach der Zeit vom Design her gleich, aber die Raumverteilung hebt das wieder aus, da ich bis jetzt noch keine gleichen Level hatte. Die Monster sind sehr und durch die verschiedensten Kombinationen auch aufregend, manche Monster sind sehr nervig, aber andere sehr einfach, dies gibt dem einen sehr ausbalanciertes Spielerlebnis. Die Physik funktioniert sehr gut und ohne Fehler. Wie die schaden nehmen ist bei dem ein oder anderen Gegenstand ein wenig komisch, aber dann trotzdem also einfach aufpassen! Mit Freunden macht das Spiel am meisten da der Proximity-Chat sehr gut gemacht ist und die Charaktere sehr lustig und gestaltet und animiert sind. kann man mit seinen Freunden einfacher Gegner indem man sie zu zweit greift und auf den Boden bis sie verenden. Das Spielprinzip ist auch sehr und ein weinig Phasmophobia, nur musst du hier keinen Geist jagen, sondern Steuern eintreiben und gegebenenfalls Monster eliminieren. Der Shop ist auch gut, da sich die Preise zu dem Level anpassen, je weiter du bist, desto teurer ist alles, aber das ist vollkommen in Ordnung, da man in Levels mehr Kohle bekommt, beziehungsweise mehr und teurere Items. Allem in Allem ist das Spiel von und bietet sehr viel
JOGO ONDE O MEDO E O SUSPENSE PREVALECEM
IGRA TOP TOK RUS NETU
10/10
Good game
god
6 ile girerseniz zevkden bir oyun
gud game
My friends keep jumping into the pit, or throwing us at the monsters, and dieing!
gute spiel
its fun and very entertaining specially playing with friends
trend game as per usual just not scary
MGIHT BE BEST GAME OF THE YEAR MAN TO FUNNY
silly game
Its fun with outhers
3
R.E.P.O. -
11 10.
GFTY 2024
I LOVE SMASHING GNOMES!
EVERY TIME I SEE A LITTLE GNOME I NEED TO DESTROY IT!
3
Das Spiel macht sehr viel aber das Logo mit dem Smiley ist schon ekelhaft.
Que dire sur ce jeu ? Bah qu'il est juste incroyable avec les potes, j'ai eu un coup de coeur pour Lethal company mais celui il est TERRIIIIIIIIBLE et terrifiant par moments xD
Jouer et s'amuser en temps c'est juste magique, un gros MERCI aux dev vraiment :D
Hilarious fun! Your runs can be so different each time because of the various types of enemies and loot spawns, so it doesn't get dull. You can play fast and loose, or cautiously. There are weapons, tools, and upgrades available to help (or hurt lol).
Definitely recommend to gaming groups!
mu guapo pero necesitas que tus amigos no sean unos pobres
Exactly the kind of party game that allows you to get into hilarious antics with friends. If you are the type of group to typically have a group voice call, do yourself the favor of muting yourself there and using the in-game voice system because it makes for memorable moments. I hope this game continues to evolve.
Ist Mega Lustig vor allem mit freunden Lohnt sich definitiv 10 Euro auszugeben
Fantastic GAME! Needs Controller Support!
/
I like to get killed by a F@IN 1300$GLASS
oyun cok iyi ama olmasa iyiydi geciyodu ses bana
I feel like a Jehovah's witness with how much I preach the gospel of this game. I want everyone to play it, I dream about it, I can't stop thinking about it. If you can play this game do it, because it is a perfect coop game.
This game is awesome i have youtube videos and i am gonna make a funny moments!
great game is it like lethal company and content warning combined but with robots and different
monsters! ewok_gamer is my channel
pohoda
Vill man skratt sprutar med sina rekommenderar jag detta spelet alla dagar i veckan!
10 10
10 10
Great game.
But a tip for the developers: There is currently no incentive to keep playing. Whether I reach round 10 or round 1, no reward. Whether I play for 1 hour or 10, no way to differentiate myself from players with less experience. love it if you added unlockable hats and exclusive colors like chrome, gold, galaxy, and rainbow. Maybe also introduce an in-game currency that can be earned and spent on hats or colors. How about glasses, and different emotive eye balls, like ones that always look angry, or suprized, or ones that move depending on how loud you speak. Thank you for reading.
I usually write reviews on games, but I actually love this one, so here I am. After almost 20 hours of playtime, I can confidently say really enjoyed playing this game with friends. I haven't laughed this hard in years, which is crazy because I laugh a lot, but in this game? It just hits differently.
I also had a great time playing solo, trying to pull off some cool runs. My best run so far was level 8, where I died due to a mix of bad luck and my own mistakes. Still, I really, really enjoyed that run, it was so much fun even playing alone, and honestly, pretty terrifying when playing at 3 AM, haha.
Best horror co-op game so far. Love it!
0/10
Perfect game for laughing hard with your friends, if you combine the game with soundpad and good sounds it can be so much more fun if you ask me.
tres bon jeu
gut
Absolutely fun game! You get your friends that are menaces to play this game and you'll have such a burst of laughter and fun. If you love lethal company, you'll love this game can guarantee it!
no sever
CS 2 donk S1mple
game is easy
I am robot!
This is a very fun game. 10/10
Looking forward to future updates!
hearing myself scream "GET AWAAAAYYY" from someone elses perspective of me getting spat on by my friend is 10/10
La verdad un juegazo, sobretodo cuando un amigo le pego al pato, el pato le pego a la cabeza, la cabeza lo mato, el pato mato a la cabeza y exploto. tremendo
Logo almost made me not want it please change it just make it the robot you play as
la cabra cabra
10 10
[h1] Chaos, und jede Menge
R.E.O.P ist ein Koop-Spiel, das mit seiner aber genialen Idee sofort begeistert. Das Konzept, als Repo-Agent Objekte aus verlassenen zu bergen und dabei mit einem Einkaufswagen durch die Level zu navigieren, ist ebenso witzig wie taktisch. Jeder Run sich wie eine Mischung aus Action, Geschicklichkeit und purem Chaos an. Besonders, wenn man mit mehreren Spielern unterwegs ist.
[h2] Was ist R.E.O.P und was ist das Ziel[/h2]
Das Grundprinzip von R.E.O.P ist einfach: Man in die Rolle eines Repo-Agenten, dessen Aufgabe es ist, wertvolle aus verlassenen oder Orten zu bergen und zur Sammelstelle zu bringen. Klingt machbar? Nicht ganz, denn auf dem Weg lauern Gefahren, Gegner und physikalische Herausforderungen, die es erschweren, die wertvollen Objekte sicher ans Ziel zu bringen.
Jeder Gegenstand hat einen bestimmten Wert, und je mehr man einsammelt, desto besser die Belohnung am Ende aus. Doch es gibt einen wichtigen Kniff: werden oder komplett werden, was ihren Wert erheblich senkt.
[h2] Achtsamkeit zahlt sich aus! Ware bringt weniger Geld[/h2]
Einer der spannendsten Aspekte des Spiels ist, dass man aufpassen muss, wie man die transportiert. Ein unachtsam in den Wagen geworfener Fernseher beim Huckel kaputtgehen. Zerbrechliche Objekte vorsichtig verstaut werden, und wenn das Team nicht aufpasst, kann es passieren, dass ein besonders wertvoller Gegenstand am Ende nur noch Schrott ist.
Das macht die Missionen umso spannender: Man will schnell vorankommen, darf aber nicht zu hektisch werden, sonst ruiniert man seine Beute. Das zu lustigen Momenten, in denen ein Teammitglied panisch versucht, einen Gegenstand zu retten, der Einkaufswagen schon die Treppe herunterpoltert.
[h2] Koop-Chaos: Je mehr Leute, desto wilder[/h2]
Das Spiel ist Koop ausgelegt und hier entfaltet es seinen vollen Charme. eine kleine Gruppe sich vielleicht noch strategisch vorzugehen, endet es mit einer Truppe oft im puren Chaos. Statt sauber zu sammeln, passiert es schnell, dass jemand den Wagen umkippt, sich jemand anders in einer verkeilt oder eine wilde Verfolgungsjagd mit den Feinden startet.
Und genau das macht den Reiz aus: Man hat immer etwas zu lachen, egal ob man effizient arbeitet oder einfach nur macht. Je mehr Spieler teilnehmen, desto kreativer werden auch die sich durch die Missionen zu schlagen oder sie komplett aus dem Ruder laufen zu lassen.
[h2] PvP nach dem Tod! Gute Idee, aber
Wenn das ganze Team scheitert, kommt es zu einer PvP-Runde, in der die Spieler gegeneinander antreten. An sich eine coole Mechanik, die das Spielende spannender macht. Doch hier noch mehr Abwechslung Minispiele wie Parkour-Challenges, oder kleine Geschicklichkeitsaufgaben das Ganze noch lustiger und unvorhersehbarer machen.
[h2] mit einer genialen Mechanik[/h2]
R.E.O.P schafft es, eine simple Idee mit einer perfekten Mischung aus Strategie, Teamwork und Chaos umzusetzen. Das Prinzip, wertvolle einzusammeln und dabei auf ihren Zustand zu achten, sorgt unerwartete Spannung besonders wenn man mit anderen Spielern unterwegs ist.
Zwar der PvP-Modus nach dem Tod noch mit mehr Abwechslung punkten, aber das nicht den Denn letztlich ist R.E.O.P ein Spiel, das durch seinen Koop-Faktor lebt: Je mehr Leute, desto witziger wird es. Wer nach einem Multiplayer-Spiel sucht, das sowohl lustige als auch taktische Momente bietet, wird hier voll auf seine Kosten kommen!
[h2]8,5[/h2]
egelencegeli bir oyun
fun with friends! download if u have friends
nt bd
Alto juegazo para las risas con la gente,esta super bueno que sea de 6 personas,muy recomendado JAJAJA
Yet another Lethal Company clone. I think these games are made for and more enjoyable just watching content creators post funny moment or clips, and just doesn't have enough substance between the moments of chaos.
:D
I disagree with Aug.
very good game
lethal company but betta
po
10 10
Love this fucking game
fun
un juego muy divertido para pasarlo genial con amigos, mucha risa
definitely one of those "must-play" games with friends, it's super fun and action packed. it's similar to Lethal Company but in it's own unique twist, i recommend this game to anyone with a few dollars to burn and just wants to have a great experience.
yes
Muy bueno
Hillarious with friends
very nice game really fun and enjoyable
ive played for like 3hrs over 2 days i think the game is great but you need more than 2 players 10/10
666
Es una maravilla de juego, las pocas horas que lo he jugado no haberlo pasado mejor. Las por teclado del juego son super sencillas a la hora de aprenderlas y entenderlas, de que las de juego que son una pasada, las fisicas de los personajes, de los enemigos y de los objetos con los que puedes interactuar son una fantasia. Cabe mencionar que la experiencia del juego se multiplica al jugarlo con amigos. Espero que sigan innovando hasta la release.
El juego es buenisimo para jugarlo con otras personas definitivamente es una experiencia graciosa y de terror
Geiles lustiges game habe mich eingekackt
this game cured my depression. 10/10
11 10
This game has come out for a few weeks and it's very good but the devs could add more maps, items and enemies after 20 hours it will eventually get repetitive
7 10 10.
t
Cool computer game
I love this silly scary game, ,best with friends! BUY IT
10/10
Very fun with friends, but also very fun (but scarier) alone. Lots of ways to combat the monsters and mess around with friends while still completing the mission objectives, the physics system and the way upgrades are used are very intuitive and easy to understand. Great game. Very re-playable.
good
Game is verry fun with the boys.
The game dev should add cart upgrades
1.upgeade the cart to have a money bag slot
2.upgrade to make iteams that go into cart get a little smaller
3.upgrade that give your cart force field walls around the edge of the cart for
its like a better lethal company and scarier
its fun and scary with friends and it is very stupidly funny of how the heads just open up and the text to speech is funny too
very fun and cool game
Game is fantastic with friends.
My only gripe is the lack of a noise cancelation option in the settings to adjust it so it doesn't pick up when I'm typing. I have a membrane keyboard and the game was picking up typing.
gooooood
after so long i finally enjoyed a game with my friends.
fun as solo pretty more fun with friends :D
its fun with other players but not relly on youre own
Very much play
muy bonito primer premio
Muito bom
-
Tumble your way to a dub
<3
needs more content
dont let the awful favicon push you away from this game. it's similar to lethal company without feeling like a ripoff or imitation. im begging you to use in game chat over discord.worth the experience.
Hra je opravdu pro partu hra je a grafika tomu hororovou Hra je a za ty se 100 procent Pokud hru budete s kupovat spoustu (:
text to chat is amazing
i wasn't too sure about this game at first but after playing it for 10+hours the other day with a friend. i have to give it a 10/10. it was the most fun i've had in a long time. i will be playing it again
cool game.
juste le jeux le plus rentable de
Man, R.E.P.O. hit me like a the best way possible. like someone took Lethal Company, sprinkled in some Phasmophobia vibes, and said, make it even been playing with my buddies for a week now, and every session is a rollercoaster of laughing our heads off and screaming in terror. The gist? You barge into creepy abandoned places, grab anything that looks old TVs, vases that shatter if you sneeze too try to haul it back to the van before some nightmare creature eats you alive. And where the real fun kicks in: every item is a puzzle. Dragging a massive piano that gets stuck in a doorway or carrying fragile crap that breaks if you stressful, hilarious, and oddly satisfying all at once. The monsters? not just brain-dead jump-scare machines; gravity messes with them too, so sometimes stumble off a ledge, and just standing there cracking up.
The voice chat is pure gold. whispering to your friend, and they yell back, MY thing you know, both toast. But that chaos? the charm. You cash in your loot for upgrades and weapons in the shop, and got me run feels like a chance to come back stronger.
Downsides? Yeah, got some rough edges. Crashing mid-game sucks, and reconnecting is a basically forced to restart. Also, no random matchmaking yet, so stuck with your crew (which, honestly, a huge deal if your friends are as dumb as mine). Still, even with those hiccups, R.E.P.O. is a blast. If got a squad ready to lose their minds over a busted couch or a monster tripping over its own feet, this is your game. obsessed!
Pros: hilarious moments, awesome physics, addictive progression. Cons: crashes and no random matchmaking. Verdict: if got a crew, grab guaranteed!
Yes :)
fgsd
This game is literally poetry in motion. DO NOT skip this game. It isn't just a clone of lethal company, it is a digital masterpiece and the developers should be incredibly proud to have created something so groundbreaking.
The implementation of TTS as text chat is also one of the most well executed instances of TTS in a video game I have ever seen.
Exceptional in every single way.
le fun game le fun man
HAO WAN
peak
I love bashing friends into the wall and them doxxing me
gud game
:)
Lethal Company, Doors
great game,nerf huntsman.
wow
why not
Best horror co-op since phasmophobia
Troppo bello, mi sono cagato addosso dal ridere, il cacciatore troppo op. Porco dio. Nerf him
Such a fun game! I get enough. I have so many clips saved of funny moments. Excited to see what else the developers have in plan.
i run 2 meters and my stamina is empty
sympa le man
Good game, funny but scary af, recommend
repose
10 10
game
pura classe gioco alquanto esilarante e spaventoso al punto giusto e perfetto per scorribande per l'internet con i tuoi compagni di avventure
yes
Tertemiz cillop gibi indie bir oyun fizik mekanikleriyle loot engellemenle veya onlar engellenmeni nerf
this game is hella good
po
Super Spiel mit Spannung, Gruseleffekten aber auch sehr viel vor allem in der Gruppe.
Sebenernya game nya seru bgt, coba aja kalau main brg bersama teman2. pasti sangad super seru.
x99
dont have room?
SIUK SIUK!
10 10
5+,
13 10
Te diviertes mucho con tus amigos
this game is funny with a sound board
mega fun
en korku oyunu. Kendinize grubunuza hediye etmeyi derim. :)
is good
fire gameplay
ok
1
Fun, but upgrades are overpowered and they need to change the key art.
really fun, especially with more than 2 people. Almost no bugs or glitches considering its release date.
Would highly recommend.
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagggggggggggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Ta chido
Fun asf game but got dc problems. Please fix :<
Very fun game to plays with friends.
XD
super fun but holy fuck change the thumbnail and shortcut art please. its so ugly i dont let it sit on my desktop with the rest of my games
GUD GAM
Just pure chaos
Welp, this game has turned into an addiction real fast.
There are many people who mention the emoji logo as a negative aspect and it [i] does [/i] make it look like it's some spooky Roblox mod made by a 7yo, but any doubts disappear after seeing the gameplay in the trailers above.
I have absolutely nothing negative to say about this game except there's no real late game at this point (maybe make the maps get bigger and bigger with more and more extraction points?). But it's Early Access for a reason, so let the devs cook. They already showed some footage of the next map and I can't wait to see where this game will be in a few months. Also, mods go hard already with more character customization, QOL changes and some mods that help with accessibility, like a brighter flashlight or more character colors.
R.E.P.O. is 10 bucks well spent and a MUST HAVE if it's on a sale. Definitely pick this one up if you love games like Lethal Company or Content Warning.
basically like Lethal company, but more enjoyable and funnier with friends. I love it
good game i like
Great fun especially with friends. I feel theres more quality of life changes and general game play is better then lethal company. The fact you can play with up to 6 people is refreshing too where most games limit it to 3 or 4. Especially for its price point, 10/10 recommend.
nice
ye
Very well made game, works pretty well and fun with friends, and on top of that the developper team is always listening the community thanks to yt videos etc. This is not something we often see so that's good
SUMSUNG 2011 2012 GTX 710M i5 3230M
Never been more pissed off at Friends before, ruined relationships and friendships.
Good Game
hilariuous
19
just a better version of lethal company
he
Fun
good but it need miteplayer
great design on the characters make it funny
best coop game ever so much fun 100/10 best proximity chat ever and the voice effects are top notch! will play again
Hello everyone. In my opinion, this is the best horror game, especially for playing with friends. I'm looking for friends, I'm from Russia
Good and funny game to play with ur friends or any random people from community(like i did). Enjoyed the game and probably gonna play in the future as well xD
10/10
I turned this game into comedy show
10/10
o sokcam bekle 10/10 game
10 10
Literally just as good as Lethal Company, never heard of this game before til now because of seeing it going viral. I kid you not when I say that this game is HILARIOUS when the other people blow up or try not to laugh when having to be quiet lol.
just like Lethal Company but slightly more forgiving but has its good horror though. MAGNIFICENT GAME! >w<
C'est lent, c'est mou. Le jeu est une copie de Lethal Company qui est largement meilleur pour le prix.
nul a chier etre en solos ses imposible quand tu jouer tu ne vois pas de monstre un moment puis tu le vois d'arriver derriere toi frachement ses de la merde
cannot recommend enough
Zeekers abandoned his game. Now we have REPO and this is amazing. Thank u semiwork, and let it be your main work until REPO's full realease please.
lethal company oynamamak sebep yok
best
nice game
it is good. and fun. and the game is good. i think it fun
GNAGY PEAOLEPEE
E
E
mk 5 asgari eden sikiyorlar
Ce jeu est incroyable, j'aime beaucoup l'aspect vieux du jeu. En multijoueur c'est amusant et en solo c'est effrayant, une fois je pensais vraiment en me retenant de rire. Les comme les yeux qui suivent l'action ou les personnages, la bouche qui bouge en parlant, ceux genre de donne vraiment un super aspect. Des monstres qui au sons c'est une super
xd
10 10
spooky scary fun w/ frens
Le jeu est juste incroyable si je dois dire a tout le monde un truc c'est parce que ce jeu est incroyable.
duck.
- )
c'est trop
Got bummed by a head
10 10. 10 10. 10 10.
I love telling my semibot friends to press Q and then throwing them into the abyss. 10/10 would recommend
66666
Mantap nih, cocok kalo suka mabar begini
I absolutely love this game!
fire game but CHANGE THE EMOJI PLEASE ITS SO BUNS
Fun for socializing and just overall more focused towards the fun of the game instead of it being that difficult of a game and I love it.
Highly recommend this game for people who just wants to focus more on socializing whilst playing something small.
trash server
The title R.E.P.O. is actually a reference to "repossession", the action in which the party having right of ownership of a property takes the property back from the party having right of possession without invoking court proceedings. Very clever! 5 stars.
i love when the little guys talk
360 (S1mple) | 100 10
lethal company but better
Really cool game only downside is there no public lobbys but its still a perfect game ngl
1.sounpad
Questo gioco supera completamente Among Us e Lethal Company. Divertimento assicurato, ad un altro livello. Dinamiche e fisiche di gioco ben pensate e strutturate, veramente ottimo.
Consigliato a tutti, di qualsiasi fascia
11 10
Of all the time I have spent in this game. every second was worth!
Praise the DUCK!
568568
mi amigo estornudo en el micro y un viejo ciego nos baleo 10/10
Jogo muito bom recomendo, rende muitas horas de gargalhadas e
12 10.
Soundpad
:(
This game is awesome lmao
JBL
/
Lethal Company R.E.P.O. -
Game is really fun to play with friends funny moments and also moments when you s* your pants but overall this game is a 10/10
kann man machen
Mega geiles game
peak swenglish gaming
zaczyna od zbierania a w sklepie bo tam granaty i miny
es muy divertido para jugar con amigois
this game made me laugh so much xD 10/10
igra top
ve komik bi oyun kesinlikle gerekiyor
Consider all the success ya'll have got despite your ugly steam banner. Then consider the sheer amount of reviews mentioning how said ugly steam banner almost made them skip over your wonderful game.
Game has a unique idea of brining horror and giggles to video games.
I thought this was gonna be a lethal company clone, but damn this game really has its own identity and is pretty pog.
This game is better in every way compared to $250mil AAA games. Plus at the very start has more players than Dragon Age The Veilguard has. I never had so much fun in any games a played.
love
By far one of the best games Ive ever played. Give it a try for yourself, its fucking awesome!
good soup
ROGUELIKE + +
game is super awesome and doesnt make you want to fall asleep like lethal company. prox chat is great and the mobs are unique. physics works well. pretty great.
sex update would make it perfect
emoji looks stupid tho idk why hes there.
w
Lustig und Laut haha
Dead game and has no selling point, is like playing content warning without being able to make videos except the entity design is repetitive and they are not unique. Gameplay is repetitive as well and in my play time I did not experience any unique items despite progressing quite far. Would not recommend this game is simply another copy paste lethal company type game but wprse.
No Ultrawide/resolution support
merece un goty
asd
When I watch tiktok I try to copy and fight monster
I die
This game is great. If your looking for a game as good as lethal company then your at the right place. This game can be really funny but also terrifying. the enemies designs are creative. But this game is not that great alone. So if your playing it by yourself i would not recommend this. But if your playing with at least 2 other people then I would highly recommend this. There is just 2 things I would want to change about this game.
-The difficulty scaling
-stamina
First the difficulty scales way to fast for me. because just getting to level 3 takes so many a attempts, that it is not even fun.
-And the stamina is so, so, so, so, terrible. The amount of times I've died to my stamina running out right next to a enemy is just so annoying. And there are stamina upgrades but they cost money that you need to save. I would just hope they buff stamina a little. maybe 40 to 60 points of stamina.
Other then those 2 problems I would highly recommend this game.
how do i stop my friends from yelling at the mic?
cool game, the only part i didnt like that the robots can't say nigga
u need a friend to play multiplayer
so goodddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
1
noise
rawr
peak
Gore yeyeye
NORM IGRA
10/10
es macht super viel mit freunden und ist echt witzig, auf jedenfall zu empfehlen :D
Muito bom, fui colocado na privada e dado descarga, realizei meu sonho de merda.
2-3
Fucking clutched this shit frfr 5 of my friends died and then i slammed the boss over the large hole (not dead), then i taunted him into attacking the air in front and dropped into the hole by himself.
Dead and the core reflects 10 times, slamming into the ceiling then the board in the middle, broke. Unlucky.
My friends screaming I am their GOAT. GG frfr haha
If you want to play funny with yout m8 to steal item dans sold it in terror with the mobs, that's for you
Baratom robbantotta az
Love this game great to play with friends
gra a tu macie przepis na gofry
370 g pszennej
2 jajka
1 i 1/2 proszku do pieczenia
2-3 cukru pudru
100 ml oleju
400 ml mleka
szczypta soli
I cannot say enough good. They got it right. Adorable little characters that have been fleshed out so well and the perfect atmosphere to be afraid and entertained and laughing til you hurt.
What are we? Some sort of R.E.P.O?
Nnnn
10 10
very nice
soundpad
It's fun, It's addicted
selling bling bling and kaBOOSH idiot frend ruin
Mejor que content warning y que lethal company.
Si quieres pegarte sustos y pegarle cabezazos a la gente, este es tu juego.
Great game, keep updating and adding new stuff so it doesn't get boring in future <3
Very good and funny game!
Hermosooo
+ rep
very fun and dumb
best game ever
Different mais la fois similaire de Lethal Company, tres bon jeu juste il manque de contenu mais le jeu est toujours en progression donc c'est tres bien pour un debut
Ce jeu est un banger alors qu'il n'est qu'en que se soit pour les tryharders ou les joueur chill.
Cheating players don't have a server list, pirate games have a server list to join. why do you bother me if half the functions don't work, I'll wait for a new update, maybe something will improve
yes
doskonale ale kurwa
R.E.P.O
✅ funny moments
✅ cool monsters & weapons
✅ quick & fluid world load times
✅ revivability (not dead all game)
❌ emoji mascot
Nagyon jobb lenne, de ketten is sokat lehet lehet szivatni a spanodat :D
3 4
Really fun but you need freinds
reepoo
Robot heads moving and exploding.
1000 10
i found the game through friends, while alone its incredibly difficult occasionally down right unfair, add friends and the burden is lifted, friends also add humor to it, overall 10/10
prett crazy
I spend 20 hours immersed in this game, and every moment was a joy.Keep up the amazing work, developer!
very spooky
shit better than lethal and does it with a weird freaky emoji
Nudna w chuj
WW
Top
Al se le ve un escopeton que ufff
LOOK AT THIS COOL My friend said. He then proceeded to get shot 50 times in the chest
_+
xD
one of the most fun and entertaining games of all time. so much fun with friends.
lol daha az sinirlenirim
UGOMONITE DEDA
hawk tuah
un emoji me dice: y yo ya entendi que debo chambear
ken
ligma
Very good, very nice
[u][url=
I am not a fan of that fucking baby
Linggang guli guli guli waza lingganggu lingganggu
yes
4/5,
If you like Lethal company you will like this one way more. This is 100% an upgrade compared to Lethal Company. Game-play doesn't feel stiff, there is a lot more team work involved and self sacrifice and by that I mean you can give some of your health to other players if they are low on it, great mechanic. For example there was a shelf and we couldn't reach it but bro told me to shrink down with Q and he grabbed me and placed me up there, I proceeded to unshrink and try to pull the expensive cube only to realise I was too weak, so I asked for more players to help, so guy dragged up there two more guys which I helped by grabbing and carefully putting them there with me, we got loads of cash from it. I highly recommend this game. One of the best most fun team games you can ever play!
geiles spiel besonders das man seine mates kann +rep
R.E.P.O. is a game developed by semiwork.
It is extremely difficult, considering you have to wrangle teammates, manage your economy and first aids, steal from the house and have the ultimate American experience.
It's not a game for everyone, you have to be really good with your mouth.
There's a story that someone was so good with his mouth that he became the mouth.
The mouth permanently fused into his face Now he has to use his other mouth for certain things.
The game has multiple maps, and will bring you so many fun experiences, like playing a game with Aldon Huetler, as he only rushes and dies and politely refuses to do group work.
This game is fun: In the words of a certain person, this is faking 10/10 gameplay
the banner sucks, but the game itself is a ton of fun. plus the robots are extremely charming and cute
yeah its pretty solid
/
I have only played this game solo, and I am treating this game the exact same as I would when playing lethal company solo which I did a lot. I found it quite fun to solo.
This game has a very clear meta, atleast in the early game where you want to get as much sprint stamina+speed as possible, running away and hiding from the monsters is greatly encouraged from what I can tell, due to many of them just one shoting you. Although I have to admit the gnomes have a very creative solution which I greatly enjoyed (picking them up and smashing). The late game seems to require weapons at some point too.
People claim for this to be better than lethal company but that is really far from the truth, people who think this are mostly looking for a clip farming game similar to content warning, where they can get a good laugh, the counters to many monsters are non existent unlike in lethal company where monsters have a clear counter (EG- looking at them, not looking at them, being quiet, or exploiting there AI in another way.), in this game its either running away and diving under the nearest furniture because you dont want to be one shot or throw a gnome to kill it. But that is just one point on why this game is not as good as lethal like others claim.
The lack of public lobbies really harm this game too, I have only played solo so far because I dont want to go and LFG in a discord server.
My last problem with this game which is purely a skill issue is eventually the map doesnt spawn enough loot, or you bump your loot too many times and its lost value, although some mosnters do drop money on death, but its mainly the hard ones, so maybe invest in some weapons earlier on too, but it seems really difficult to commit a murder.
Very funny with friends. I recommend it to those who are searching a game to play with friends
Just when you thought Lethal Company was the best in this genre.
muy bueno lo recomiendo
-
[b]
[h1] 10 10 [/h1]
Velmi hra s ale i na horor
good game ahahahaha
Its amazing and addicting :)
380 -
50
acheter
axyitelnai igra vsem sovetyui
Muy entretenido lo recomendaria cuando tienes un buen team para divertirse
Always bring the Monster to ur friend. DONT DIE ALONE LMAO
lolcu ve albioncu yarraklar yuzunden oyun
,yolN
10 10 /
Lethal
Knaller
+rep
Vyodda:
Taxman:
Who knew ducks were top of the food chain
Si tus amigos tienen necesidades especiales comprate este juego.
this game is full of terrorism. laser clown guy killed me in real life
Endlich wieder fester Stuhlgang
Dieses spiel hat mega potenzial und mnacht jetzt schon extrem viel bock xD
It is the most fun game ever, i recommend it to every single person
divertente da giocare in party, ho pochi amici qui su steam, quindi chi volesse farsi due risate aggiungetemi pure! super consigliato
Android logo goes WALL-E mode instead of chasing a baddie, bro needs to earn money and gets hawk tuah-ed by monsters inc typeshit.
Very good game
buenardo
it reminds me of "Lethal company" but the gameplay is much better, and much more fun, i do recommend it, u basically walk around and collect items just like lethal company, but the monesters are more easy to handle, u dont need to scan everything as it just shows u what u can grab, and theres also upgrades for you to apply unlike lethal company, i absolutely love this game and the developer is amazing, im looking a lot into the next updates and this game always makes me wanna just play more and mpre
IT GOOD
-
10 / 10
Fajno na o stanie goci
its a better version of lethal company
very cool game loving it (soundboards everywhere i cant escape them we pop out at 1 am)
Buen juego mis se mueren a la primera y me wuicide con un
Do you too wish to play a Story Bot scouring the remains of civilization for valuables just to be killed by a rubber duck? Good news, this game is for you.
Very fun to play with friends. A lot of funny moments have come out of this game and it's just really well made.
Nice and fun game. Best out of Lethal Company and Content Warning
GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
rgs
incryablement drole et flippan il peut convenir a tout le monde avec ses graffisme incryable. repo est un tres amussan sur tout avec ses potte. franchement je l adore et je le recommande a tout le monde
en pocas palabras por este juego me gustaria aprobar el derecho a abortar (moderador es con humor por sea caso)
loud = funny
cute robots! - )
El juego es y bastante intuible, que todos los enemigos se pueden derrotar y eso me encanta
3
volta vida
good
Yes, no question, buy and you won't regret it
Just finished the tutorial
A group of gnomes completely destroyed my loot. The graphics design is visually nice, and the overall experience is both hilarious and good, whether playing solo or with friends. a game that delivers fun and excitement in every session, offering moments of laughter and enjoyment regardless of how you choose to play. The price tag of R.E.P.O is definitely worth it if you're looking for something similar to "Lethal Company"
such a funny game!
Incredibly fun with friends. Prox chat is amazing. Even when you lose, you have so much fun it doesn't even matter. Shallow learning curve. You're a pro within like 30mins of play. 11/10.
r.e.p.o. r.e.p.o 2, r.e.p.o
3
10 10
sdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdf
My friend told me to crouch. After I crouched he picked me up and threw me into an endless pit that killed me, and after he started laughing. Immediately after he killed me an enormous rabbit came out of nowhere and blasted him to bits with a giant laser.
10/10 Better than Lethal Company.
yes yes good good
android yeah
fucl thjs game made for babies WHY are Q and CRLT CONTROL DIFFERENT KEYBINDS? riddle meTHAT game developers.
it just need some sounds to the monsters they stealthy AF other wise keep it up
W chuj
Good
10 10
it is a verry good game that is funn alone and even more funn with friends
good
It feels like if lethal company had a cousin and said "Nah I'd win" and then proceeded to hit the griddy on him while dabbing, at some points it feels like a fever dream and like you have sleep paralysis it is wild 10/10 would probably sell my friends for a uranium mug again. flying head?!?!?!?! more like I'm dead fr fr 100 emoji 100 emoji no cap on god.
Perfekt jeden der seinen Freunden (achtung dehnbarer Begriff) schon mal bei einem Umzug "Helfen" wollte, Ein Spiel voller Schreien, Chaos, Verrat und ihr wollt eure Freunde verraten? Na Klar, ihr wollt euch anschreien weil ihr sachen Kaputt kaputt gemacht habt die sonst gut Geld einbringen? Auch das ist
Wenn ihr eine ruhige, gesittete Runde plant.vergesst es.DAS WIRD NICHTS.
Das Monster Ablenken? eher "War euch gekannt zu haben". Lachflashs ihr zuseht wie eure Gruppe geschreddert wird sind vorprogrammiert.
100% zu Empfehlen
HAO WAN
Looking for team)
brillant start to early access such a laugh
thus game is a werid one. very very waky. mods are cool. bosses are well.bosses. 10/10 rotten tomatoes. 5/5 soggy biscuits(if you know, you know)
Wonderful game! Had to fight Jewish kids, trying to steal my money and throwing something at me. Then the antifa gnomes came and I had do destroy them by throwing against a wall. afterwards I was possess by some kind of mask and started puking felt like I ate Indian street food. At last I faced exploding skulls running towards me an exploding I assume they are Islamic. Very good game, had a lot of fun with my friends!
Very good Very nice
Nunca ri tanto na minha vida, que jogo bom, toma minha review positiva
Love this game
Die Levelgestaltung ginge etawas besser. Ansonsten top
Way prefer this over lethal company and content warning.
Yey
divertido!
Me lo he pasado genial jugando a R.E.P.O en directo con mis amigos.
Recomiendo este juego si buscas pasar el rato entre risas y sacar contenido, sobre todo con Mods, eso ya es increible!
I adore this game - I love shitting my pants
recebi este jogo de fixe
Is good game.
i love this game, it's clear it has still a few imperfections tho its still very very funny and well made, tho something that I really wish the developers will change is that there's no way to play online multiplayer, i hope it will be implemented in the future tho!
DUMB WAY TO DIE
THE BEST MULTIPLAYER GAME I'VE EVER PLAYED 10/10 This was really fun with friends
cool
If your bored of lethal company and wanna try out something new then give this game a try.
YES
I love this game so much!
It's a great indie game with a really fun concept, and great game design.
The only real issue I have with this game is that this is a game that I personally believe NEEDS to be played with others. Otherwise it's just a bit boring and not as engaging.
I have had such a great time playing this with my mates. but every time I go to play by myself it just doesn't feel the same and doesn't have as much excitement to do as it normally does.
The game also definitely does need some more things added to it, but thankfully the developers are already working on doing so.
I'd definitely 100% recommend, as long as you have some good people to play with!
very good and fun game
GOTY
The true meaning of smekday + indie cartoons vibes, yummers
3
[h1] This game is a masterpiece [/h1]
I don't think I've ever played anything like R.E.P.O
One minute your messing about with your mates, playing around with the TTS then your suddenly on the verge of soiling yourself after witnessing your dear friend get obliterated by a blind huntsman for being too noisy meanwhile some gnomes are trying to break stuff you've sought for but left powerless at the chance of being killed by a blind huntsman and now some strange massive floating head!
Keep up the good work developer, your game's one bloody masterpiece!
funny asf
very fun scary multiplayer game would recommend if u have friends/like horror
10/10
+rep
nice
You could throw your friend in to the void
Goated
this game is so amazing in so many levels it has so much potential for funny moments whit friends
good game
Nur ein paar hundert MB als Download, macht Bock und ist was Zwischendurch. Im stressigen Alltag genau das richtige Game. 10/10
fum
:steamhappy:
the shotgun guy is scary
10/10 game./. have not laughed this hard at a game in a while. for sure more fun with friends we only have enough to play as a duo./ accepting others that want to play and goof while trying to win/ 21+
Gran juego, las risas garantizadas. Necesitas amigos para jugarlo, si no tienes amigos mejor no lo compres.
Es similar a Lethal Company pero no es igual. Tiene los chats de texto y de voz son muy divertidos. En es un juego completo y divertido.
lokiko0pklpkkp
gooooooooooood
W
cuando veo un pato pienso profundamente porque me compre el juego
hdfbbd
WE NEED CHINESE
BAAAHHHH
this game is NOT for me, but i do recognize it's actual quality and care put into the game design unlike it's competitors.
this is my first type of these games, i'm talkin' the find the items and extract while scary monsters haunt you, and i can safely say it's not he game for me, but i will commend this game for being the first of it's kind looking attractive enough for me to spend money on it (not thanks to the emoji mascot but after seeing some actual gameplay on the store page). i've played about 6 hours and i feel like i've seen all the game has to offer bar some monsters, once you've done all the haha youtuber funny moments and you actually try to play the game it's dreadfully boring, hiding for literal minute at a time for a monster to stop bugging out near a door and pace back and forth.
Some of these monsters are so strong they practically keep you hostage like THE HEAD or sion from league.
i do like their designs though, some unbelievable nightmare stuff, fortunately if they're not YOUR nightmare you won't be that scared and pair that with the way they behave sometimes it's more comical then anything.
all in all i appreciate the physics and an attempt to do something a little more interesting and making something a little more creatively appealing, i'll probably play again when the game is out and we get more maps, monsters and quality of life features like AI improvements, notifications that you're wasting your time because you can't reach the money goal and perhaps items for the early game.
W game. But fuck that duck he ate me out
)
10/10
^_^
/ add server list
Yes
Repo oynayan ve olmayanlar discordumuza =
Funniest fucking game of this year
Fun times for the bros
Balls
The game itself has a fun concept. Lethal Company clone with uncensored TTS, really good VOIP, and interesting game play loop. The game gets really old after about 2 hours and you really start seeing the jank of the game. Items break or lose value to easily, enemies are really OP, SO MUCH WAITING, the same 3 maps over and over again. I can see what the devs were going for, but this game is way to over priced and if i could i would refund it.
funny haha, hate the head 7.5/10
funny game friend said a racism and i laugh.
D
i would like if EVERYTHING would'nt break so easy.
(10/10 game)
-
good game bought it played it once and now no one wants to play. GG I need better friends
I think I'm afraid of emojis.
Silly goofy quirky fun w friends. Looking forward to future updates.
Sehr Gwt
VERY GOOD AND SCARY GAME TO PLAY WITH UR FRIENDS!(whoops had caps on).
recomendo jogar com os amigos
Very fun. Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends Kill you're friends. and very nice!
bon jeu, pas cher, ne consomme quasiment pas et surtout chouette avec ses amis
Esta guapisimo.
10/10 Gameplay for the boys
Super silly and fun with friends c:
10/10
Great funny haha game but must have friends
Objective:
- get all the random stuff
- 10 minutes in I see a duck (call it cute) want to pet it and it bites me (I blow)
- second try I see a yellow guy with a red nose ( I call it Rudolph) my friend starts saying (pss pss) like a cat Rudolph does not like it and blows us 2 in a second
- next round, lvl3 we get to a house and we see a old man call it mamaie and a alien floating call it megamind we start gathering stuff cart an 12k megamamind comes from behind and butty grabs my friend he blows up like a confetti I go back to the truck to revive him and sell and mamaie hears the collection poin comes by and blows my friend up
-I recommend this game
10 10
Really fun game with friends
fino
hw
Es muy divertido jajaja
buen juego
Goated
TOP GAME HORROR AND comedy IN 2025
-
1
juego para hechar las risas con los amigos
i bought this game a few hours ago and already in love with it, im sure this game will last forever
this game is so fun to play with friends but not as fun alone there is always some funny or dumb moments when playing with your friends
Franchement dinguerie ce jeux je vous le recommande sympa assez complet en attente des nouvelle MAJ et mods qui vont sortir dessus je recommande fortement ca fais grave plaisir :) ca change de lethal company
PLEASE GET RID OF THE FUCKING DUCK
Great Game! Super fun Text to voice chat is the best
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Fun, scary, and addictive. Everything I lik,e in a game
No matchmaking
Game has a lot going on at all times, and is a blast with a good group of friends!
Classe!
"Lethal company" "Pubg".
top
12/10
so. 14+ hours straight from purchase. ya, i don't think i need to say how much this game ended up surprising me. a shock to since i didn't like Lethal Company!
Make achievements pls
Hilarity and rage will be two primary feelings when playing with friends! Be shocked as your friends fumble something believed to be so easy! Friendships will BREAK!
very good game makes my mouth laugh
One thing I wish I knew before buying this game was in it current state it does not have Public servers to join so if you don't have any friends that play this game. You will not be able to play unless you find a party through Discord.
I do still believe this game to be fun and creates very funny moments
Let me start off by saying this game practically data farms your computer. Know that as you keep playing the game, for some god forsaken reason, it saves your player log. Mine managed to build up to 5gb worth with only 10 hours of playtime. Playing the equivalent of 1 hour takes up about 500 mb of your main drive's storage, so you have to manually go out of your way to delete it. There is literally no reason for the devs to keep this information and practically take up space on your computer when it's a game that keeps resetting runs with no transfer except a tiny crown on a player.
This game is poorly made with some of the worst game design's that even a single person could make a better game. It amazes me that this is run by a team of people, yet they make some of the most unbalanced, nonsensical concept's for a game that doesn't even touch it's predecessor. Late game in this game is nonexistent, as it relies on you to pretty much not make a dent to any of your items, and if manage to break most of your profit, there's no progression. Why the hell do we get punished because the maps are so small and we have no time to save the items we lose because of this trash layout. Have a cart full of items? Great, army full of gnome's come and break it without you having a time to react. Hallways are so tight it makes it impossible to save a item when you have a monster approaching you.
Now the physics in this game a lot of people appreciate, but as you progress into the later stages around 6-8, the game becomes so unbearable with how items move it becomes impossible to progress. Even just flinging yourself under a table to avoid a monster can become atrocious. I could go on about how horrible the monster designs are, from the spider-man that can jump to high places (even though the only way to avoid it is to BE in high places), the knife lady hitting you through beds and tables, and many more game breaking things that completely ruin runs. Now some people would argue that this game is "early access", but it does not forgive the data mining trash and horrendous map design's that MANY other games have done significantly better.
Verdict: This game while it does have SOME aspects to it that Lethal Company doesn't, it is not even worth buying when both games are the same price and one provides way more options. Specifically with it's data mining issue, and late game issues. Lethal Company provides mods at the very least to make the game way more fun, and even then, vanilla LC is balanced and super fun to play. Don't bother with your time or money with this game, and shame on the devs for even trying to pull the data mining.
fun experience, turns out, *there is fall damage*. fell 6 floors nearly missing a pit and me and a friend almost consecutively started peeing our pants cackling at 1 am.
*GAME OF YEAR MATERIAL RIGHT HERE*
10/10 its the lethal formula but perfected. So much fun when the others are alive, absolutely horrifying when you're the last one left. Lots of enemy variety, and fun items to find and utilize. The mix between in game chat and text to speech is perfect and hilarious. All the little details are refined and beautiful like the faces watching the screen and looking at the speaker. Great game, worth much more than its price. Hopefully the devs continue to put out updates for this one regularly, unlike some other lethal likes *cough* content warning *cough*
i love assaulting monsters with my dih
10/10
Great game overall. Crashed in the middle of a run with my friends and could not join back unfortunately. Would appreciate if game would let me rejoin or some such.
Most funny game ever played, can't stop playing.
Very great game, like lethal company but also not at the same tine. Id argue its better in some ways.
is funny and horror game at the same time i recomended 100%
fun
BEST WITH FRIENDS
Wwwwwwww
eee
eh
good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good
DLC
Have barely played this game and a big head guy killed me, I promptly slammed my keyboard into a wall causing a chain reaction, it shattered into pieces and hit my dog, he then yelped and ran through my chain and knocked me over, I got up to chase after him and make sure okay but with the keyboard pieces on the floor I stepped on them, legos are a cakewalk compared to this traumatic experience, stepping on the shattered pieces caused me to trip and fall into my desk, with the brunt force of 1000 men my head hit my desk and knocked me out cold, the sheer impact of my enormous Neanderthal skull caused my monitor to smash over and my pc which was sitting on my desk to launch into my fan, causing it to be chopped up into bits and flung around my whole room, as laying there with a dent in my forehead, the pieces start hitting me with the force of a bullet, now sitting in the hospital bed with 92 puncture wounds a broken skull and blood all over me safe to say this game is really good 10/10 would recommend
open bracket, closed bracket
10+
good
Buen juego, muy cagado, calidad precie uwu
ta chido
epic pupper boop on the snoot! upvote if you agree!
the text to speech lets me say slurs. get rid of the emoji mascot
Ma dio santo
best game in my life but please add online
She taxing on my man till I R.E.P.O.
10/10
Fantastic Lethal-like with it's own charming flavor. Very polished and functional for early access as well. The devs are also quite active so I have high hopes for what this could become.
Super divertido. Cada enemigo tiene mecanicas diferentes, mapas con peligros varios.
es muy bueno
*R.E.P.O. Das ultimative Horrorspiel Freunde, die man heimlich hasst*
Ach, *R.E.P.O.* ein Spiel, das mich gelehrt hat, dass Freundschaft ein dehnbarer Begriff ist. Man schleicht mit durch Areale, um wertvolle Objekte einzusammeln und gleichzeitig nicht von Monstern in die Dimension zu werden. Klingt nach Nun, nur wenn dein von Panik und Verrat umfasst.
# *Warum ich es liebe:*
✅ *Kooperatives Chaos* Nichts verbindet mehr als das gemeinsame, panische Schreien, ein unidentifizierbares Etwas deine Gruppe dezimiert.
✅ *Realistische Physik* Wer hat nicht schon mal versucht, mit drei Fernsehern unter jedem Arm vor einem zu
✅ *Unvorhersehbare Monster* Manchmal erwischen sie dich, manchmal deine Freunde in jedem Fall
# *Warum ich es hasse (und trotzdem spiele):*
❌ *Freunde werden zu Feinden* lenke das Monster ist Code ich bin dann
❌ *Inventarmanagement aus der 3D-Tetris ist schwieriger als gedacht.
❌ *Jump-Scares und Ich wollte Horror. Ich bekam einen Horror-Clown-Simulator.
Fazit: *R.E.P.O.* ist das perfekte Spiel alle, die das vermissen, in einer chaotischen WG zu leben. Ein gruseliges und unfassbar frustrierendes Erlebnis genau das, was Koop-Horrorspiele ausmacht. Empfehlung? Ja, aber nur, wenn du keine schwachen Nerven hast oder Freunde, die du behalten
jest to fajna gra jesli chce
amazing
w game
1-2 -
Det er veldig bra
Excelente juego para jugar con amigos, la verdad es que para estar en fase anticipada no tiene nada que desear de otros juegos triple A.
R.E.P.O. <3
GOOD
: Gay sex
jugabilidad 10/10
cagadas de risa con tus amigos 10/10
escenarios 10/10
ver morir a tus amigos de un escopetazo en la cara 10/10
ta buenardo
extremely fun
l
a lot of fun
DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME AT 3AM!
no me habia divertido tanto en mucho tiempo
REPO
The game is very fun and "interesting" the best part is probably dodging the blindmans shots and die after calling him stupid
lOTS OF FUN WITH FRIENDS,SCARY AF
its an absolutely hilarious game. must use proximity chat. (do not use third party chat options)
160+
gut gam
nie z i za nami dziadek i jak shelly z brawl stars po czym przed kolega a kolega dziadek ostzegawczego, kolega za 200 w Naprawde ta gra jest chora nie wierzcie temu co jest w internecie.
- ❌
- ✅
Great Game watched my boy friend get kidnapped by a horny ghost
great game
this is a really good game, but it keeps crashing. i know its not just me
Still trying to find the god damn hourglass, im bout to blooooough
el creador del juego es un psicopata
the funniest game I've ever played
this game is really good
imb
With some more content this could be my GOTY
This is a robbery and yes I am a horse.
qweasd
my friends keep breaking the items
-
bla bla bla blu blu blu
yes
its fun
REPO STANDS FOR RETARD ENFORCEMENT POLICE OPERATION
A very solid, quality game with huge potential and lots of cool and fun features. Where Lethal Company is bland, R.E.P.O is tasty, yummy, most SCRUMPTIOUS cuisine.
GET THIS.
Z
4
This game is so fun with friends! Def want to see more monsters added and maps! Made it to level 5 and i'd do it all over again!
oyun gayet iyi hatta 10/10 yorum biz 3
Gotta love the moments to where your buddies are just kidnapped, sniped, lazered, and mind controlled, most enjoyable.
The fun, the laughs, the great time, this is one of the most fun games I've ever played!
My friends and I have tons of fun in this game, really great job!
There is just one tiny issue, in the lab-like map, heads land in places that are impossible to reach and we lost 2 lives there trying to get them, hahahaha.
But other than that, is great 10/10
[h1][quote=]
[table]
[tr]
[th]
[/tr]
[tr]
[th] [/th]
[/tr]
[/table]
[/quote][/h1]
fun to play with family and friends.
If this game comes out on Meta Horizon, it will be the most successful game, I'm waiting for it on VR too
Circle saw is useless, even using an indestructible cube. Couldn't get a Circle saw right in a simplified game.
300
it's stupidly funny, loving it!
fun
More silly lethal company. Very fun! Great game.
that fuck ass emoji dont even appear in game only like barely get rid of that shit then its a 10/10
No
Scary, cute and super fun game with friends! I definitely recommend this game. As this is early access there are some bugs. So far our group has experienced sound issues where the sound and voice goes out in game. Also loading screen issues. Hopefully they will work those out soon but don't let that deter you from this great game. Might be good if they could maybe add a instant revive tool or upgrade thingy at the service station store to help those who become the broken ones. Its fun to watch your group play after you die but sometimes the wait is boring.
Funny robots headbutt each other. Very nice!
Despite that F*ckass emoji mascot that acts as a good deterrent for players, this game is some of the most fun you'll have with friends, yes even moreso than Lethal Company. Get it, and 5 other copies for your friends and you won't regret it
everything is pretty balanced just not that huntsmen, wayyyy to op so hard to get around him
Oh God make it stop, please!
Absolutamente divertido. Uma consistente proposta cooperativa com uma de arte bem executada.
Minha o jogo se adapta a monitores ultrawide.
this game makes me regret ever letting my friends pick up weapons
ta chido
The baby is stupid, hate the clown man :(
10/10 GAME. 20/10 IF UR FRIENDS ARE ROLE PLAYING WEIRDOS OR HAVE ANGER ISSUES.
big funny
UN JUEGO PARA MORIR DE RISA O SUSTO JAJA BUEN JUEGO
please stop making these games
clip generator
(
1000
11 10
Break into people's homes and businesses with friends. Steal their shit, dip before you get murdered by the locals. 10/10
LOVE EET
absolutely hilarious with friends
This game is good because my friend is meletup meletup
:)
vbdfs
Very fun! I play on a steam deck, so I just had to switch around some key binds, but I've had no issues whatsoever- and it's been a blast.
La chamba se queda corta
O jogo me fez:
- Odiar patos
- Odiar sapos
- Odiar olhos
- Odiar gnomos
- Odiar velhos
10/10 Melhor jogo que ja joguei.
tts go crazy aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
loved waiting to get into a game for like an hour or so and the game crashing on me
Constant crashes, loss of voice chat, and no re-join feature.
Game crashes on any run longer than 2-3 nights.
nice
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
AMZUNG
i enjoy R.E.P.Oing these monsters stuff
Very fun and hilarious game with friends
almost had the greatest clutch of the century but the extractor said "nuh uh" and damaged some items i will never mentally recover
Charlie broke all the vases
*
*
*
ronbot
)
Good
Pretty fun game to play with your friends, even without a friend you can still have fun in this game. There's also a cool weapon and monster to kill.
10/10 All my Homies hate Gnomes
Gravity gun bottom text
very fun horror game (especially with friends)
ahh skibidi
Gangster ass game
10 10
good co-op fun.
L game my friends exploded me :(
This game is godly, Lethal company, but less scary, but still scary, and more fun.
Great game solo and grouped.
W game. Lots of fun and laughs. Literally a must play if you game on a pc.
It's much better than a lot of the 'gst quota' games that spawned off of lethal company. It's definitely worth getting as It's extremely polished, and it's unique enough to feel like a different game. I'd say its more funny than scary and monsters can get a little bit annoying. I can't wait to see new maps and updates for it. The text to speech is a great feature too lmao, I also really appreciate the no time limit and possible to revive players.
Oregano
it's fun
goty
Keeping it short and sweet cause i only played 2 hours at the time of posting this, but in that short time ive had some of the hardest laughs in a long time. Super fun experience if u have friends to play with!
10/10 GOTY
this game is really fun with friends
Bom demais slk, sucessor/equivalente digno do Lethal Co.-like que bom como divertido pra carumba. Jogue com muitos amigos e tenta dividir em classes q fica ainda melhor
i like dying
make sure to get them killed
amazing
BEST GAME WITH FRIENDS
very fun
This game is just peak, funny and somewhat scary so it's a 10/10
I would recommend
Fire. Worth every cent
esta divertido si juegas con amigos bastantes risas aseguradas
if my teammates don't shut the fuck up around the blind man I'm suing for damages. Worst team building exercise ever.
very fun first hour me and my friends could not stop laughling when the guy kidnaped me
straight up rotating old men
aasd
Goated.
Better than the Sh*ttyCompany.
Easily one of the best multiplayer games on the market rn.
-{ Graphics }-
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☐ Good
☑ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
-{ Gameplay }-
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
-{ Audio }-
☐ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☑ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
-{ Audience }-
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma
-{ PC Requirements }-
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☑ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
-{ Game Size }-
☐ Floppy Disk
☐ Old Fashioned
☑ Workable
☐ Big
☐ Will eat 15% of your 1TB hard drive
☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it
☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data
-{ Difficulty }-
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☑ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
-{ Grind }-
☑ Nothing to grind
☑ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
-{ Story }-
☑ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
-{ Game Time }-
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☑ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond
-{ Price }-
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
-{ Bugs }-
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
-{ ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☑ 9
☐ 10
gun guy :3
666
Such a fun game! I had a great time with all my friends and even with only one other friend!
why the invisible guy sound kinda sexy.
200-400.
TA BIEN CHIDO
Game of the year, probably
its such a fun game
funny, chaotic and down right crazy
XD
11
es bueno si tienes amigos
/
100000 10
Puse una mina en el piso y me en un canasto con mi amigo, un sapo la pateo hacia nosotros y explotamos todos, completamente algo que en la vida real, recomendado reyes de las olas.
i cant put my finger on it but this game is just soooooo boring
My friends and I spent ~10 minutes messing with the TTS alone
eoeoeoeoeoeoeoeoeoeoeoeoeoeoeoeoeoeoeoeoeoeoeo
52 52
Crazy work
Great!
Leo said it was fun
Just a blast. I was pissing my pants when I first started but it DOES get easier, eventually.
mnie plemnik i rzygaci kwasem
This is a good-ish review, devs if you see this, you did a great job and made a great game. I have bought this game 2 times now, and youre probably wondering why? First time I bought it I was playing with friends out of state, I was flying all over every room I entered, every item I picked up would instantaneously explode or fly under the map, it was completely and utterly unplayable for me. I refunded it, blamed it on bad ping from playing with friends from out of state. Couple weeks go by, I decided to purchase the game again, but this time I was playing with friends from my city. I download the game, expecting a different result from last time, but no, same old latency issue. The game says my ping is 28, although it is playing like it is 2800. I have tried restarting my internet devices multiple times, switched ports on my router, ran plenty of speedtests that come back flawless, but for some reason when I am playing this game I am not even playing this game. HOWEVER, do not let this review sway you from purchasing it for yourself, just be aware that if you have any issues with poor internet connection in any other games you play, you will probably have issues on this as well. I have had fun playing this even though I hardly can, and will make a return to it eventually to see if the devs (or my ISP) fixes anything.
bom demais galera, compra pra jogar com os amigos vale a pena
Very fun, more people. more ragdoll
This is the best game in this genre by far.
I've always hated Lethal Company so much and this addresses basically all of my issues with it
This game re-lit the fire in me to enjoy scary and yet silly horror games. It is just amazing what you can do with friends in this game and how it feels to actually get your tasks done correctly and live to tell the tale. On top of that, YOU CAN SAVE YOUR PROGRESS AND COME BACK TO IT LATER! I absolutely recommend anyone who enjoys horror games/treasure collecting to try this one out- you won't be disappointed.
A kuajin le gusta
spooky
This game is horrifyingly hilarious, I do wish there was a way to play with random people instead of just friends and solo but other than that critique I absolutely love this game. It is well worth the price to buy it and I cant wait to see how it develops further. The monsters are scary enough while still being easy to beat. I will definetly be playing this game alot!
GOOD
so much fun with friends and family lots of laughs
really fun and creative game
laughing tears of joy simulator
Absolutely amazing game.
Even though early access, the experience has been flawless thus far and has run incredibly smooth. been hosting a server for me and a few of my mates on my Steam Deck and it runs like a dream. Now onto the actual gameplay.
- Proximity voice chat makes the game absolutely hilarious. My friends and I remember the last time laughed so hard
- Interactive and physics based environment makes the same settings and items consistently interesting
- Various different monster types and combos that make you really think about every encounter
- Upgrade and weapon systems make you feel like you actually have a chance if you choose to be more aggressive
- Increasing difficulty as the levels go on, more extractions is an interesting trope that yet to see
- You can actually save your game instance with your friends so you can come back to it
- Single player mode actually feels feasible with this game
Overall, I could go on and on. been a long time since a game has hooked me in this way. Personally I never took an interest in Lethal Company which this game garnishes a lot of comparisons to, but it has enough differences that it has made me love the genre. I highly recommend picking this game up, at this price point be a loss not to.
10 10
Just an absolutely amazing game. Having an absolute blast playing this with my friends
Encontrei o jogo
Comprei o jogo
"Que porra de jogo esse ?" *2 sec depois*
Convidei meus amigos pra jogar
Rimos MUITO
Fomos dormir tarde
E comentamos sobre o jogo
10/10
JUEGAZO 10/10, SI R.E.P.O. FUERA UNA MUJER SIN DUDA ME CON ELLA
the cockroach looking mf and the tall man suck ass lmao
10/10
Fun with friends can get crazy with max players but all together it's an entertaining game.
fun
nmn
Better then Lethal Company
Great game, has all of the fun elements of lethal company without the staleness of the game.
Lethal Company but good
JBL speaker
better than lethal company
Best game to play with the whole group you no longer have to do mods to add extra player slots it you can already can play with 6 people and the game play is funny scary and really really funny and fun to play with your friends and the monsters are really scary and sometimes really funny if you wanna have a good time with friends and do wacky things repo is the game for you if you feel like hating your friends even more.
I only played 3.2 hours and I had way more fun in that short time playing R.E.P.O. than I ever did with Lethal Company. I ONLY ever touch Lethal Company to play with friends.
Like Among Us with Robots
360 100 10
hilarious game. so much fun and rage inducing but in a good way. lol
puro cine
Great game with friends.
Fun to play, especially with friends!
buen juego para boludear con amigos, muy parecido a lethal company. recomendado
i died alot
great and original
Like the physics portion alot. The game is fun and has many opportunities to laugh with friends, Wish there was a system of permanent upgrades so I could make more progress further into the game
Juego con amigos
llegamos al nivel 10
nos atacan 2 aliens, 2 patos y 2 viejos ciegos
sobrevivimos porque los viejos matan a los otros monstruos por caminar
10/10
I love the character models so much and the monsters are so unique and scary! Proximity chat is the best, love hearing my friends screaming fading off into the distance.
Very fun and scary game, 100% would recommend this game espically with friends. Even if it's not at it's first update it's still worth playing
Great game to play with friends! Can't wait to see what is in store for the future updates
With full transparency, I can see the appeal of this game and why it's getting the reviews it's getting. It can be fun to clip farm with friends when they or you die in silly ways to silly monsters. But for me, that's where the appeal ends for this game. If you compare this game to Lethal Company, which is easily it's most comparable game, it does some things wrong for me that I think Lethal just does better:
1) It's too quick and too easy to die in this game - Yes, I know you can be revived. However, you may as well not have the ability to be revived since you need both a) someone who collects your head and b) someone who will take that head and the cart to the extraction to revive you. It's simply too hard to be revived. Back to the original point, it seems like the monsters spawn at the beginning of the match and are quick to be aggressive. I've played rounds now where I spawn in, spend maybe a minute searching for items, and am then one-shot by a man with a rifle or a clown alien thing that shoots a laser across the room. There's some funny monsters, yes, but these monsters are more gimmicks than they are lethal.
2) Monster variety - Flowing into my next point, there are two kinds of monsters in this game: 1) Monsters that kill you in one hit and 2) monsters that affect you in some funny way like forcing you to look at them or making your character throw up and change your voice. There's no in-between. This wouldn't be a big problem if.
3) Maps are small - Maybe I got spoiled by Lethal, but the maps in this game are just too small for the objective you're trying to accomplish. I feel like I have maybe 3 or 4 rooms of meaningful looting before I'm just at the other end of the map. And naturally, I've run into some sort of enemy that will kill me in one hit along the way across the map. The combination of small map with instantly lethal enemies just doesn't make an enjoyable experience for me.
The objective of the game is a nice twist on what Lethal Company created; I do enjoy needing to be a bit more careful to get value out of your finds, or working together to gather a very expensive item. But this one positive thing is a difficult thing to even accomplish since I'm too busy traipsing around some enemy whose already found me 30 seconds into the game, or I'm too busy being dead.
Again, I get how most are finding this game to be a blast. Maybe I'm taking the game too seriously. Maybe I've played too many party games like REPO that I no longer find the genre to be that fun. But I really do think that at this current moment, this game boils down to either you're alive and crouching around extremely dangerous enemies without accomplishing your task of collecting valuables, or you're dead for 10, 15, 20 minutes waiting for someone to happen to cross your head lying around, with another 10 minutes spent waiting to be revived. It just doesn't do it for me.
Maybe things like this will get ironed out, but the devs have definitely found the appeal in what they've created, so I think this one will just have to sit on the shelf for me.
Yes
385
This game has absolutely been a gem to play! It's fresh and offers a lot compared to other games that share the same objectives give or take. However, there are some QoL changes that would be amazing to see this game undergo to make this game even better.
1. While I love the immersion of the camera moving, it makes me sick within 30 minutes of playing. The swaying is just a bit too much, and many of my friends also agree. If there was an option to turn that off that would be AMAZING! That would mean, I wouldn't have to take 5-10 minute breaks in order to not feel nauseous.
2. Items need to respawn. There have been many times where 1-2 of us have been dead, and watching our teammates struggle for 10-15 minutes to find something can make the game unbearable and a bore. Items should have the ability to respawn - whether it be the same item that was destroyed or something completely different in a different respawn location. That would definitely help the game progress and not become a waiting simulator for those that are waiting to be rebooted by completing extractions.
3. Revive opportunities! Maybe there can be an option to take your teammates back to the ship and have a station that was like a 'Robot Repair' station to allow you to bring back your teammates.
4. The logo for the game is very off-putting and to put it bluntly I nearly didn't buy the game because it looks like a cheap spam-type of game. It was only due to the videos I have seen on TikTok that actually showed me what this game was all about.
These QoL would be amazing to see in the near future as it truly is a fun game, but the waiting and running around for too long can be too much. Oh! Plus the ability to turn off the camera swaying motion! Thanks guys!
so tuff
Muy bueno y entretenido pero se disfruta mucho mas con amigos
Very fun and chaotic with friends
Do NOT hold the cute ducks
very poggers
yes
Quack!
such a fun game to play especially with the right group of people!
It was a long time since i enjoyed playing a game that much thanks guys
WWWWWWWWWWW
10 10
juego buenazo
Best played with more than 2 players, it's more fun and more safe. Hilarious robots and cool upgrade system.
:)
I like the little clown you can find
I don't like the tall guy that diddles you
Best game big veiny ahh dihh everywere
Actualizen pls
so fun
Very fun with friends. TTS on the chat is amazing and the monster designs are very unique. 8/10.
so much fun!
PEE PEE POO POO
wow
funny gaem, much fun
Played for 3.5 hours so far with 2 friends. We were laughing out loud the whole time, one friend ducked out after two hours because his face hurt FROM SMILING TOO HARD TOO LONG!
tax
This game is a ton of fun. Would you be able to make the "losing arena" its own game mode. Reminds me of gang beast and Party Animals and would be a fun party game.
Ermm its peak
MUITO BOM
goooooood
te cagas de la risa, es un juegazo
THE BEST! THis is so much fun with some jump scares and most definitely comedy when playing with friends! Highly Recommended!
ez game
absolute cinema
cool
W
Fun to scream and type in chat to grief your friends
este juego es un cago de risa para jugar con amigos lo recomiendo 100%
Insanely fun with friends, but be prepared to break your keyboard after breaking something in the game. Some things are SUPER fragile that if you so much as breathe on them they break.
el juego no esta muy bien optimizado da fallo y te saca de las partidas
peak
xd
Pretty fun. Better than lethal company.
fun game, but can't rejoin when I get disconnected
the goty del of the year game
amazing and funny game but be warned RNG on some maps will be crappy to deal with
spooky def
muy buen juego
Honestly one of the best games of 2025! I always have so much fun playing with my friends, and it is genuinely incredible and so packed with content. keep in mind this is early access. The devs listen, the community is great, GET REPO!
Wonderfully hilarious and entertaining as sin, definitely game of the year.
muy bueno
GOOD! FUNNY!
im coming
great lethal-like. I love breaking merchandise thats not mine and tripping the elderly
SCARY AAAAHHHH
top tier
MAJOR ADDICTION, CANT STOP.
sorry caps, lol
literally had so much fun
hilarious
Thought the game was really dumb by the trailers, a few buddies convinced me. I got it and withing 10min of playing online with friends it was an absolute BLAST 100% worth every penny! Its a killing!
This game is perfect.
super fun spooks
Tremenda joya
Its fun to play with friends. I'm glad i spent the money on it.
ME ENCANTA LOS MOUSTROS
the funni
funny
it's amazing by far the best lethal clone if not better than lethal
game's banner leaves an impression of a shitpost game, when in fact it's actually quite good.
despite it being EA, i've experienced no crashes, no perfomance issues, no bugs and not gotten a feeling that the game is lacking in some aspect.
i think it's the best one yet in the "lethal company-like" genre.
funny game with friends
This game is a great addition to the "Make Quota or Die" genre. Fun physics give it a new angle over Lethal Company and Headliners, and the theme is whimsical as hell. My only gripe at this time is that meeting almost any of the roaming monsters someone is dying, or it's a party wipe. There's no real way to hide quickly enough or defend yourself. And many of the monsters a super fast at one hit killing you. If that gets resolved, this game will be in the top tier of this genre.
Wish they had a multy servers
This game is hands down one of the best co-op games I have ever played. suck you have to start over when everyone dies but it's def worth the 10 bucks I spent on it! Highly recommend!
assim que se aprende que a nunca boa
lethal company if it wasn't mid
I love the idea for this game. It's wacky and fun but it seems like it's meant only for more than 3 players. It's very easy to get disheartened after dying in the first 2 or 3 rooms by multiple different monsters. If you can last through the first map you can buy perks but it's not easy to accomplish at first. I think if the monsters were fanned out more consistantly and it wasn't instant death almost all the time it'll be a great game for friends who want to have fun. I'm excited to see what the first few updates will patch up.
Really Fun Game
stupid dumb ass duck
hilarious
veri gut gejm
Very funny, the headmaster can get it
I'd like to see some way to dress the characters with hats, glasses, etc., and it would also be really fun to have emotes, whether familiar or from the game itself.
Lots a fun
muy bueno
Pretty good game all things considered! though i feel like theres too many sprint speed upgrades, and though they're very useful, theres no stamina regen upgrades or items, so if you run out and theres a monster after you you can't really do anything about it.
I have not laughed so hard at a game I think ever! Its definitely most fun with 3 or more people. This is one if the funnest games and I totally recommend it!
The only feeling I can compare this to is watching a horror movie and doing a coke bump all while skydiving
It runs great and fluent with its movements. Really has potential for a early access. It can function with a controller as long as you know what buttons are mapped to a key. You can work around the button mapping to make it an exciting and interesting play through. Would still like to see a controller set up for it. With all that aside. It's still a fun and exciting experience. I definitely recommend this game.
Este juego pesa muy poco. Tiene muchos mapas super divertidos y los mounstros de asustarte, con el tiempo te dan risa. Y es genial poder jugar en cooperativo con familia y amigos. cuando se trolean jajaja
Me encanta lo bien optimizado que y los son muy buenos. Tienen un estilo masomenos similar al lowpoly. Se los recomiendo. Les dara muchas horas de entretenimiento.
Lo mejor de todo es que sus creadores toman en cuenta a sus usuarios y parece ser que habran muchas futuras actualizaciones muy buenas.
Saludos y VLLC!
This game is amazing until you die with friends. I'm fine with dying in lethal company because eventually the day will end my friends will die by a set time. However, I have sat on this game for 20 minutes sometimes to be revived. I'll revive people and they're afk because they got bored being dead for so long with no reassurance and no game to play while dead.
cute duck, don't forget to pet him!
Brilliant game. So much detail in everything from player characters, to world items and even the creatures.
Endless entertainment played solo, endless laughs played with friends.
The small dev team behind this have outdone themselves.
Game of the Year 2025? I believe it should be.
VERY VERY GOOD, GRAPHICS, MONSTERS, MISSIONS. i RECCOMEND PLAYING WITH FRIENDS OOPS i HAD CAPS ON OH WELL
i love the game! although it would be even better if it worked on controller too.
10/10, 100/10
Pretty fun game to play with friends
tenho amigos :(
#1 goated with the sauce 10/10 would recommend
please add more hats and an option to vote to end the round! thank you :3 very fun. like lethal but a bit less scary
its super duper cool i like
im obsessed with this game truly
MAD GOOFY
gameplay e multiplayer perfeito, terror equilibrado pra fazer o multiplayer massante e faz querer sempre mais amigos jogando.
Giving players the ability to kill both the monsters and their friends was a dangerous decision.
Oh and the physics system is top tier, let chaos ensue.
Really fun game to play with friends, you'll find yourself in a hilarious situation almost every round. I really like the dev team reaching out to players as well. But get rid of the emoji face!
its alright
pretty good
super fun with friends
GRAHHHHHH!
es muy divertido y es cooperativo
Fun to play with friends!
I like this game over Lethal Company because I feel like there are more ways to problem solve how you should play and get pass enemies. I also think the aesthetics looks fun and goofy. I just wish there was more content, but the game is new so I hope to see more later on.
They should add donuts
mt bom e divertido e assustador e bem feito. da pra jogar infinitamente e se divertir sempre (com amigos de preferencia)
10/10 actually s tier. So many laughs already can play duo - up to 6 for a great time
This game has great potential! A good laugh with your friends aswell as fun gameplay. Would love to see online servers, it would really make this game even more popular. Would recommend if you already have a squad of friends ready to go.
best $10 ive ever spent. so much damn fun
At first glance I wrote this game off as a cheap copy of Lethal Company especially due to the emoji icon - then I saw a clip of it on TikTok and my fiends were talking about it so I figured we'd give it a go. We got it and its immediately fun!
The loot system has bigger numbers, and more frequent loot and you're going to need it because everything is fragile and can break if you ding it up too much. Its a much more rewarding mechanic in my opinion.
Even in failure the game is fun with the deathmatch against your friends!
Some small complaints I have is that there are some levels that just don't spawn with enough loot to beat the level, but I am looking forward to the future hoping for lots of new tilesets, items, and enemies! I would really love a mimic type enemy that plays team mates voices back to lure your team mates in.
Super great game, especially if you find Lethal Company too boring / slow. Its an entirely different theme, less doomed future and more silly spooky fun. This game also runs extremely smoothly and loads very quickly.
Jogo muito divertido para jogar com amigos
Perfect game
NORMIE
Really fun and funny with friends
muy buen juego excelente y muy divertido para muco comprenlo se van a divertir mucho muy recomendable
you witerally have fun fr
Top.
Incredible game. A couple of buggy things with the multiplayer saves, but still way more fun than others in the genre.
yes
I love the game in general, super easy and fun to play co op
samsong
meep meep
Muy divertido, te envicias facilmente
good game
esta bien ahora quiero mas actualizaciones
1
repo is like lethal company season 2. i love the physics and i live the text to speech
Es muy divertido, solo faltan los amigos pa jugar chimba : )
I've only for a few hours at the time of posting but oh my god this game is unlike any other both being scary and funny at the same time the only thing I would like is a matching-making mode but even still the game is one of the best and it just keeps getting better.
sobrang many many kabaldugan
it was infact a gun not a cane
ta weno
A great game to play with your friends
amijklu bcuabhgwd
Good game, funny and fast paced
i wish there was an 8 player option :(
ta bueno
funny game
Good game. When you're new you spend a lot of time dead and watching other players, but even that's fun.
goat
I normally don't even like these kinds of games but this one is really good. The interactivity and gameplay loop is very engaging. The game is filled with physical comedy and has its own surreal charm. It really feels like going to another dimension, not just playing a party game.
Muito Foda
GOOD STUFF RIGHT HERE!
GOTY of the year
tis gam is rily gud
Good, fun, casual, I just wish there was definitive info on the monsters and how to interact with them
Soo much fun best game ever :D
make gamemodes
ts glorious
love joining a game and then instantly getting called slurs by the group of racist robots 10/10 game
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Potentially one of the best co-op games. Just needs servers and some more variety.
20 5 10
hawk tua good game
very fun party horror game
i got flushed down a toliet
Really great!, my wife left me
if you want a chaotic game with your friend and troll try this game :) dont forget to use that funny sound board trust me it make it 100 times better XD
Very fun party game! Highly recommend
very fun, very r.e.p.o.
odio este juego, 1000000/10 lo volveria a jugar
bad with less than 3 people, otherwise the best game ever, would recommend playing lockdown protocol if you want to meet people to play with
the game lets you turn off every effect that may cause an actual headache, so that's a huge plus compared to most AAA titles that won't even let you turn off vignette like Cyberpunk 2077 and so many others that came before it. besides that, fun game loop.
juegaso
bom jogo
LOCURA
i got jumped by 30 gnomes. 10/10
Best game with friends
bobot
Funny little dude also the way you can hide in the smallest things is actually amazing
fun
nice game
Very enjoyable, especially with a group. Between tryhards and chaotic neutrals, it's a blast. Definitely recommend! Can't wait to see what else they add in the future.
absolutely love this game
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
me and my friends were being hunted by a gunman and when we thought we were in the all clear she got into the center of the room and said "Ok i think everyone is still here" then immediately gets shot and i could not stop laughing and also got shot
10/10 PLAY IT
Reposteria
you should play the game
( )
Did we not learn anything from Resident evil? if you have a gun in a horror game YOU turn into the real monster.
10/10, got to slam an infant into a brick wall in a video game because he stole my necklace
ta bueno
might seem like another "game of the week" that people will forget about, but this truly has potential that games like Lethal and Pilgrim couldn't capture me with. hope the devs add more down the line!
My friends and I fought when we all died to a frog 10/10 would kill my friends again
Funny uia uia
absolutely dying from laughter please get it
I can sacrifice my friends
For the Taxman
fun
Definitely one of the funniest and best horror games I may have played. even funnier with the boys, a guaranteed 10/10
out of all games i play (siege) i did not expect this to be so fun and addicting
good
its so fun and funny
the game is a good breath of fresh air from rl but i did notice and its super funny, the background music in the shop\ store is the same song from the ammunition store in saints row 3
Spooky friends. Especially the Squambulans.
This is the bees game I have probably ever played it is funny but scary goofy but thrilling and the moment when your teammates die is TERRIFYING best game EVER!
This game is amazing
very fun with friends
very much like content warning and lethal company
good 10/10
its a fun game just wish there was an option to play wit randoms
I shot a blind man and throw him in a hole. 10-10
Very enjoyable with friends, and even works on Linux on launch via Proton. Only complaint is a few recurring bugs that just require a restart/revalidation of the game but it's an ~800MB game, so the validation takes no time at all.
Bugs experienced include at the time of writing:
-Infinite loading screen between locations
-In-Game Voice Chat sometimes breaks, making it so you cannot hear others and others cannot hear you.
Overall Score: 9/10
very fun and worth trying out!
o jogo e bom demais ainda mais se jogar com os amigos so oque eu acho q poderiam adicionar e um late join pra poder entrar com a partida ja iniciada, sei que existe por mods de fora mas nao confio nisso entao gostaria muito que colocassem no jogo mesmo
sim mano
Pretty fun game! Better to play multiplayer in a group than solo, and I dont like that if you all die you restart from the beginning, but overall its a fun game to play with friends. Proximity chat makes it even better! Def recommend this game
rerpo
fun
Nice and fun game with friends
Funniest game ive played in awhile, def needs polishing but worth every dollar as it is. Play with friends! Ask in your discords ppl are def playing.
PRA JOGAAAAAR
"Wanted to delete it, but the game is so BROKEN it probably UNINSTALLED ITSELF OUT OF SHAME."
WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK IS THIS GAME?! THIS IS, WITHOUT A DOUBT, ONE OF THE MOST HALF-ASSED, BROKEN PIECES OF SHIT EVER HAD THE MISFORTUNE OF DOWNLOADING. NOTHING WORKS. THE CONTROLS FEEL LIKE THEY WERE DESIGNED BY A DRUNK TODDLER, THE AI IS EITHER DUMB AS DOGSHIT OR HAS AIMBOT STRAIGHT FROM HELL, AND THE GAMEPLAY IS ABOUT AS FUN AS GETTING PUNCHED IN THE FACE REPEATEDLY.
AND EVEN GET ME STARTED ON THE BUGS. HOLY FUCKING SHIT. SEEN CHARACTERS FALL THROUGH THE FLOOR, FLOAT INTO THE SKY, AND STRAIGHT-UP TELEPORT LIKE TRYING TO ESCAPE THIS GODFORSAKEN GAME. THE FRAME RATE DIES FASTER THAN MY WILL TO LIVE AFTER LOADING THIS TRASH.
I WANTED TO DELETE THIS GAME, BUT HONESTLY, MY PC PROBABLY REGRETTED DOWNLOADING IT MORE THAN I DID. THIS PILE OF BURNING GARBAGE EVEN DESERVE TO WASTE SPACE ON A HARD DRIVE.
DO. NOT. PLAY. THIS. SHIT.
love it or love it
I thought Rainbow Six Siege made me depressed, but then I played R.E.P.O, and now even worse. Every second feels like an endless cycle of frustration, boredom, and regret. The gameplay is clunky, the atmosphere is bleak, and instead of having fun, I just sit there wondering why I even started. If you're looking for a game that will drain every ounce of happiness from your soul, found it.
amazing game
What Lethal Company wishes it was.
Streamers and other media creators tend to over-do reactions in games like this, but me and the boys were loving it. Absolute banger and if the devs stay on top of creating new and refreshing content, they have my vote for game of the year. Highly recommend this one
laugh screaming after seen my boy getting smoked by the blind old man with a gun, 10/10
One of the best games to play with friends for sure.
From sneaking around looking for treasure, to running for our lives trying not to die.
The game is perfectly intense.
Jump Scares, Funny moments and plenty more to enjoy with your friends.
Proximity chat makes the game 10x better.
Buy this game on sale, Buy this game not on sale, Just BUY THIS GAME!
nice
so much fun to play def need a group to play
9/10
This game IS SO FUN.
Positives: Amazing gameplay, really funny moments, enjoyable gameplay loop, and the monsters are really interesting and unique.
Negatives: There needs to be more loot in a map, 3 quotas per day is a little extreme, and MOST IMPORTANTLY, there is a glitch that makes some of your loot just disappear without adding to your quota.
i just want the random join servers in to the game
10/10 una obra de arte ami parecer vale la pena comprarlo y jugarlo con los compas en conclusion una joyita de steam.
calificado por el tio yupanqui
It really sucks that they opted to use that stupid emoji as the banner for this game because it just makes the game seem like a low effort project when in reality it's some of the most fun I've had in recent time.
Do NOT let the stupid banner deter you from buying this game, the game is really fun (YES even by yourself!).
game is fun
SCURY :)
esta bueno el juego
truly amazing
Text to voice chat changes to a whisper when you crouch and ghostly when you die 10/10
A screaming metal bean trying to commit breaking and entering gets abused by a blind old man in a castle 9/10
It's like Phasmaphobia meets Lethal Company pretty fun with the right people great game for sure
Plenty of holes to dive in
real
top
MEPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP
Questa la mia prima recensione in assoluto di un videogioco che abbia mai fatto in vita mia
Ho giocato a questo gioco in singleplayer visto che non ho amici su steam, lo trovo un gioco molto particolare vista la grafica
Si tratta di un gioco molto semplice che lo rende interessante grazie alla sua fisica di trasportare oggetti
Non conosco bene il gioco e tutte le sue meccaniche, ma devo dire che mi ha divertito
Ci sono mostri senza senso hahaha
Per chi volesse aggiungetemi agli amici per giocarci insieme :)
Il problema principale di questo gioco la mancanza di multiplayer casuali un vero peccato, molto limitato
ta bueno
jogo bom demaizi
very fun game!
good game
i get to say potty in the chat :)
Fun game
el isma se la come
ITS SO PEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAK!
except i freaking hate the robe
this game is amazing
Boring
It's a miracle that this game took off with such an ugly and unappealing mascot, for the love of god please change it. It's so repulsive that it made me not want to give the game a chance, and it looks the same as a bunch of other shovel-ware titles that plague Steam.
funny
-{ Graphics }-
☐ Beautiful
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
-{ Gameplay }-
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
-{ Audience }-
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma
-{ PC Requirements }-
☐ Check if you can run paint
☑ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
-{ Game Size }-
☑ Floppy Disk
☐ Old Fashioned
☐ Workable
☐ Big
☐ Will eat 10% of your 1TB hard drive
☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it
☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data
-{ Difficulty }-
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
-{ Game Time }-
☐ Review later
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short (6h)
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ To infinity and beyond
-{ Price }-
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale >50%
☐ If it's on sale <=50%
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
-{ Bugs }-
☑ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
☐ 2077 1.0
-{ ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☐ 9
☑ 10
meow
flush the toilet
good.
YESSSSS
really good game but the stupid fuckin face mascot makes me angry when I look at it
Great game just needs to change the Emoji emblem, i had a hard time convincing people to play because the emoji made it look like a shite game. Tons of fun super impressed though!
yes.
ESTA BUENISIMO 10/10
only got to stage 4 after 4 hours lol. FIRE GAME! played with a pal
Big Fun
wweno a cagarse
fun
good game
Entro al juego, me uno a mi amigo, comenzamos la partida, empieza a poner audios de Don Pollo, nos matan. Buen juego
fun
love it when my friends throw a gasoline tank at a tiny baby, then immediately exploded and lost everything 10/10
GOD
love this game so much
poopy ahh thinker boseman looking ah
very funny game, better with the built in prox chat
sarpado
fire game
very fun, you can murder your friend, accidently become the last one alive as everyone else dies, somehow survive long enough to complete the next objective, and have them thank you for reviving them, even the one you murdered!
duck
Very fun to play with friends
Emoji tier list when?
CHANGE THE STUPID EMOJI LOGO, IT GIVES OFF CHEAP AI SLOP GAME VIBES. The emoji motif works perfectly fine in game but might dissuade possible buyers! I know I was first put off by it, thinking this would be some low effort Poppy's Playtime-type game.
Otherwise, an absolutely fantastic romp with friends with a nice small price to boot. Much easier to convince others (or be convinced like I was) to take a risk on a game when it is that cheap.
Game is a Lethal Company-like which aimed to perfect some parts of it, namely the shop experience letting players brawl and get out frustrations without griefing the run, the interiors feeling much more in depth and bespoke despite being random, and a well balanced revive system making the price of death much cheaper.
I do not aim to pit these games against each other, as Lethal is still top dog in most areas. Just worth mentioning it has had a lot of time in the oven to learn those lessons which REPO is built on.
you rep and o
Jogo smplesmente muito divertido, joguei com um amigo meu e de 2 o jogo fica muito e incrivel podem comprar sem medo
it fun n stuff.
This game is probably one of, if not, the best in the SWF genre. This is the first SWF game that doesn't have my friends and I tripping over a list of bugs. It's so refreshing to actually play a polished SWF game in EA.
We're having so much fun, it's been such a blast to play! I honestly can't wait to see what's implemented in the game during it's EA journey.
I really appreciate that there are loot items that are interactive in several ways, whether they make noise to draw enemies to you, to changing your voice into funny pitches and making you say funny things in text chat.
I also really like the enemies and learning how to navigate them. It's super fun to sneak around, dodge and the different ways to attack enemies. I think it's real neat that we can upgrade our robot personas to enhance our chances of survival. I think it's also hilarious that loot items can break or lose value. It's even fun to explore and find loot items. I also sincerely appreciate that progress is saved and even if there is a partial wipe (where one friend survives and exits), we keep our upgrades for the next map. AND we can heal our allies! That's insanely nice!
It's also really nice to have more than 1 opportunity to revive allies as well as things can get chaotic!
If there's anything I'd like to see added to the game, it would be map upgrades to see both our allies and enemies!
Thank you Semiwork for adding such a fun game to the SWF genre and for your hard work!
absolute masterpiece of a game only problem is that i only have one friend to play it with. Public multiplayer servers would be awesome. Still a amazing game tho
COOL GAME IF YOU HAVE FRIENDS
I love this game. its silly, scary, and fun. I really wish there was something for dead people to do. Interact with the world or have a separate mini game or something. We have games where some people spend 90% of the time dead and not doing anything.
i wet myself from playing this game. So in conclusion. it's worth it!
yes
GOTY
Muito bom
fun game
I have one thing to say i want to be able to join random peoples lobbies
this game is the best horror game this year so far
yeah, recommend
clunky and gets old after a single round
good
JUEGAZOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
stupid fuckin babby is so fuckin stupid, i hate babby it play too much
yeag
is fun :)
This is one of the most fun games I have played in a long time. Playing with friends is hilarious, and even playing solo is great. I would highly recommend it!
funny!
Muito bom, a parte de depende dos seus amigos, os meus pura e
this makes me sob constantly when i have the duck and gnomes and all my friends are dead
it's really good game and funny!
9/10 le pondria un 10/10 sino fuera por la monja, esa monja es muy antideportiva y que pegue 100 arruina el pto juego de los cojones xddd
Si
game is ass
I like it, its gud!
a
It's fun as hell and it's not just "Lethal company, but." I would say it's tougher to enjoy as much playing solely single player, so expect to not get the full experience without a group of friends to join in. The comparisons to Lethal Company are obvious, but in all good ways.
A great game to play with friends who have lots of energy and are here for a good time!
NICE
Peak game very funny
I only just got this game yesterday and I've already had a BLAST on it. Only played for an hour yesterday because my friend had to get off. Today, I played 7 hours STRAIGHT without getting bored! Only got off because my friends had to. This game is truly amazing with the content and the monsters.
GOOD
tts chat.
unmoderated.
Even tho I have not played the game a whole lot, I have have enjoyed it very much and wish I had more time to enjoy it!
380 10 10
Esta muy guay el juego, no da miedo miedo pero si muchos sustos, en mi opinion me gusta mucho, lo malo es que tienes que tener amigos para jugar, o juegas tu solo, guay poder jugar con randoms
add sex
Very fun and a great time to play with friends.
yep
funny with friends
i got murder by a floating head 10/10 game
Fun game, something different to play. Great times.
Good
Probably one of the funnest games I've played ever, if you like lethal company you'd love this.
Shoutout to the devs for being very communicative as well.
Had to download a clipping software to just clip the amount of dumb moments that happen in this game lmao
A good time, very well polished. Need friends, and don't be afraid if some of them are a bit chaotic.
Super fun game when you wanting to mess around with friends and monsters.I would 10/10 recommend for anyone wanting to have fun!
Amazing. So funny
zajebista gierka ale najlepiej grac w full squad
Esse jogo muito bom, pra rir muito com os amigos, o problema que atualmente salas publicas para achar outros players, mas o jogo
depois de eu ter cagadoo nas por conta de um pato adorei o jogo 10/10
Super fun game, especially with friends. Best 10$ I've spent in awhile. :3
"Oh, excelso y juego, cuya magnificencia se despliega en criaturas de espantoso aspecto, provocando al mismo tiempo y estremecimiento en el de quienes osan adentrarse en sus dominios. Brindar a camaradas en tan sublime experiencia resulta en un deleite sin par, una gesta que enardece el y suscita inenarrables carcajadas. Verdaderamente, jugarlo en hermandad es un regocijo sin digno de las nobles reuniones
good
funny af
is good
hijos de puta mataron a kenny
Very fun game to play with a group of friends!
goty
Este discord es para los hispano hablantes y latinos) no tiene un servidor oficial como tal, pero somos unos 10 miembros y podemos crear una comunidad hispana bastante grande sin que molesten los guiris
11/10 it is stupid in all the best ways, add tts and prox chat you end up with a hilarious time
hes right behind me isnt he
VIZUALIZA
funny
hi!
it is cool
great game
jogo bom da porra
FUN
yippee hooray very good cant wait for content updates
Just dive into R. E. P. O. being so beautiful.
This game genuinely has me so addicted. The monsters are all so original and so weird, i love it. It is absolutely amazing solo, as well as with friends.
Very fun game with friends! Definitely worth the $10.
This game is very skibidi and fun
i love it
very fun take a min to get it but after very fun and getting to a rythm
Gud
so much fun
Juegazo
dis game really cool, exited for more content such as monster and more levles
Ging gang goolie goolie goolie goolie watcha
Ging gang goo, ging gang goo
Ging gang goolie goolie goolie goolie watcha
Ging gang goo, ging gang goo
BLAB BLABBLAB BLABBLAB BLABBLAB BLABBLAB BLABBLAB BLABBLAB BLABBLAB BLABBLAB BLABBLAB BLABBLAB BLABBLAB BLABBLAB BLABBLAB BLABBLAB BLABBLAB BLABBLAB BLABBLAB BLABBLAB BLABBLAB BLABBLAB BLABBLAB BLABBLAB BLABBLAB BLABBLAB BLABBLAB BLABBLAB BLABBLAB BLABBLAB BLABBLAB BLAB
Yes bro im a matcha <3
I thought this was a pretty normal game until me and my friends dropped a box saying DO NOT OPEN. A lot of stuff happened afterwards and we all died, but one thing is for sure, DO NOT OPEN THE BOX!
Early Access Review -
R.E.P.O is a blast, fun-filled with no real downtime. We've played R.E.P.O as a group of four and have not yet played it solo; however, I personally feel like this game is more likely better as a group experience. This game is currently in early access. I do feel that even though the map pool is currently limited, it still is an experience that doesn't feel lacking. R.E.P.O is host to a wide selection of monsters (18 at the time of this review), causing each journey to loot valuables to be treacherous, with later levels ramping up the difficulty. Even though the game has just recently been released, the team at Semiwork has already announced a plan for future content. So far, R.E.P.O has been a great time, and I look forward to their future content releases.
[url= Click here to see more games we think are worth your time! [/h1][/b][/url]
Hilarious, fun, and thrilling.
LOVE THIS GAME!
deserves game of the year 2025
Fun game, but kinda repetetive with the same person
this is gods game
very funny and spooky at the same time. great game to play with friends.
funniest thing ive ever played
its silly
This Game had me Questioning its potential at first when i saw that you couldn't join random matches, but when i joined the community group chat, there were a lot of people wanting random players to join. i can see this game taking up a lot of my time for sure! its a lot like Lethal Company, but BETTER, with more enemies and more unique ways to play each round! 5/5 stars. i recommend this game to horror fans!
Its cool how its so funny and scary at the same time. Good game to play with friends
Jogo divertido o problema que tem servidores, sendo assim consegue jogar com os amigos da steam.
Caso queira jogar adc.
Remove that emoji, it does no service to your game
Grab 3 friends and never stop laughing!
Le jeu du siecle, fou rire permanent
Silly Jame
Uhh Repo is pretty uhhh Pretty Awesome sauce.!
She repo on my company till i blow
muito bom
Very Nice
juegazo
yeah
it's like lethal company if it was actually fun
its good
Excellent game to play with friends. Join the group and have a ton of fun!
awesome and fun
the duck makes me want to commit warcrimes
big fun time
best horror game because it's not scary)
Ging gang goolie goolie
goolie goolie watch how
Ging gang go, ging gang go
Ging gang goolie goolie
goolie goolie watch how
Ging gang go, ging gang go
fresh
really really good despite the stupid logo and mascot
Very fun game
love flinging my friends around with the c.a.r.t.
Jogo muito divertido ideal pra jogar com a galera.
is gud
good
Game of the year!
Its so silly on foenum grave
I would definitely recommend this game to other players.
That being said, whichever sick masochist came up with the idea for the 'baby' enemy, you deserve exclusively the worst in life.
Great game though :)
The game is pretty fun; it's better with friends from what I've seen. I've mostly been playing solo, sadly.
xdddd
i love the funny things that happed inn the game
good
Incroyable
How am I breaking diamonds!? EXPLAIN TO ME HOW STRONG I AM!
Was sceptical at first look, but it's really fun. Much more balanced than lethal company, which makes longer sessions with more fun moments.
The best $10 I ever spent, I'v never laughed so hard playing a game.
Solo Piru Piru Piru
I sawed my friend in half with a circular saw as he screamed in agony so I would say its ight.
-_-
Very Good Game
They should rename this game "Lethal Company"'s demise.
9.5/10
The duck is the only good thing. I will hug him and squeeze him and name him George.
WOW! JUST WOW. This game is so good i love it. It's so much better then lethal company. I see myself and my friends passing the 100+ hrs played in lethal company. Furthermore this game deserves a 11/10 from me
giood
fun party game
So much fun! Especially if you play with good friends!
very fun and silly
Game scared me shitless. i like being the android mf as the color green. 10/10
sigma game
God si es con amigos mejor
epic game
Fire game buy
fun and funny
This game Made my week end
10/10 lustig
Still a better job than retail.
EUH LES MONSTRES ILS TUENT et les vases se cassent mais c'est repo c'est rigolo
good but gets boring
-{ Graphics }-
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
-{ Gameplay }-
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
-{ Audio }-
☑ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
-{ Audience }-
☑ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☑ Grandma
-{ PC Requirements }-
☑ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
-{ Game Size }-
☑ Floppy Disk
☐ Old Fashioned
☐ Workable
☐ Big
☐ Will eat 10% of your 1TB hard drive
☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it
☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data
-{ Difficulty }-
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
-{ Grind }-
☑ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
-{ Story }-
☑ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ Absolute CInema
-{ Game Time }-
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ To infinity and beyond
-{ Price }-
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
-{ Bugs }-
☑ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
-{ ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☐ 9
☑ 10
Terrifying but fun
LET ME KNOOOOOOOOOOOW
10/10
muito bom
Es ist lustig und macht es mit Freunden zu Spielen.
LIT
veri god
Great game. Worth the money.
no hay porque
i love killing my friends
ambatakum
blind man go bang
I relly love this game. it reminds me of the time my car got repo irl'd because i lost my job. my name is caleb
game oke tp benda" yg perlu di fix sih biar gk gampang pecah wkwk
cool
Dahbolyu Dahbolyu Dahbolyu Dahbolyu Dahbolyu.
Spamming 'W' in game chat is fun till all of you gets boomsticked
So fun with friends and family
KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
vejo um bicho
tento brigar com ele
sou brutalmente molestado
grenade kills monster to get shiny ball for MONEY
fun
The most hilarious game on steam
Solid coop game. Fun, interesting to explore, goofy. I hope it will be like second lethal company
)
fun game to play with friends!
"l;
> Mejor que Lethal Company
Muchisimo divertido con amigos.
tiempo que no me divertia tanto con las mecanicas de un juego. Vale completamente la pena, el viejo es un ex Navy Seal, lo inspiras un poco y te recupera el solo las malvinas.
10/10
:V
it fun
Great indie horror with very attentive devs. Very excited for the updates to come
i love repositioning
just.yes.
hola amigos
muy bueno eh
jogo, tudo perfeito na minha O ruim ter amigos para jogar, se assim como eu, entre no discord do R.E.P.O. e procure por call brasileira, sempre tem!
[h1]ESSE O DISCORD:
OBS: o discord oficial
Esse um dos jogos lethal like que eu mais diverti, me tirou risadas, recomendo ao meu inimigo, de bom que esse jogo bom
its an amazing game
MUCH WOOOW BIG FUN VERRY EXITE
This game is simple but addicting, it has been a lot of fun with friends. scary when you are all alone and not sure if your team is dead or not
Just another shit lethal company clone. Friend required.
Jamais autant ri sur un jeu d'horreur Des fous rires entre amis garantis :')
Recomendadisimo para jugar con amigos. si cada uno es de un pais diferente.
Viva la SadFeelings familia
leathal company better
I haven't laughed this much in a long time. 10/10
great game
nfgh
Easily one of the greatest games ever made.
I have had so many laughs and fun with friends.
The only improvement is if we could have it up to 8 - 12 player, because everyone in my friend group has this game, and 6 players while plenty, need more lol.
I am going to be playing this game for a very, very long time.
Fantasic work devs. The robots are cute and funny, more emotes and expressions are coming, more maps, weapons, monsters, chaos. Its gonna be amazing.
*FOR THE DEVS*
Please at an option to make the lobby's bigger.
Please allow us to rent a private server for the game (even if its paid)
(to help performance and to host more players)
Add customisation to the robots
Keep updating the game with regular content
Add a custom mode (fully configerable)
Add Mod Support (Offically)
That is it.
ROBOT PLUSHIES WHEN?!
Thank you for making this game.
Thank you for scaring the shit out of me
Thank you for making me laugh till I Cry
GOTY for me
Easily one of the best coop games in the last 10 years.
A MUST OWN.
11/10
best new co op horror game out right now so many laugh!
Great game :)
Funny game.
I was left alone
I play for 15minutes trying to fill the extraction and revive them
I fuck up
I die
I get screamed by my friends.
10/10 Will play again
Haven't laughed this hard playing a video game in a very long time. People are calling it a lethal company copy sure maybe it is. But ALL games are a copy of another game and this game is definitely the superior between the two.
In my opinion, the best of its genre. Gameplay is extremely tight. Game is just very fun and looks very good.
gg
threw a toddler against a wall until he exploded. I feel no remorse. 10/10
[h1]
Lethal company mal hecho pinche juego culero mejor lo reembolse alv mejor mierda amiga
If only I had more friends to watch me die over and over again.
Ma balls was hot
Very fun With and without mods
fun
Pretty fun ngl
this game is so funny i love it
i like this game
Really Entertaining Pornographic Overview (R.E.P.O)
Fui en una con mis amigos a robar tesoros para venderselos a una inteligencia artificial encontre un bebe que empezo a lanzar objetos y del estres me puse a jugar R.E.P.O recomendado 11/10
better than that one game called lethal whatever
very fun game with friends :D
Ce jeu est juste hyper drole XDDD
- -
10 10!
IT SO FUN!
anashei
funny
game makes me question my career choices.
this goofy game is fun
un cagaso de risa para jugar con los pibes
best game ever for no censored chat
Le jeu le plus que j'ai
Lethal company but better in every conceivable way
A game about people crying over the cover art.
I can finally have a well-paid job
Die ist wirklich toll und man kann im Team sehr viel spass haben. Definitve Kaufempfehlung
REPO
this game is fun (no friends=no fun)
Awesome game full of thrills and laughs
funy
absolutely love, it is hilarious to play with and definitely great for a suspense scare
kmool
Very funny and fun game. Cool features
Much fun xD ty Semiwork
funny gamet
Better then lethal company
spend 10 minutes moving a paino for $20,000 while all my friends died around me, fun!
Very fun game to play. Funner with friends but challenging in single player. I would very much recommend this game if you have a large friend friend group or at least some friends with a PC and money to buy the game. Hilarious gameplay and mechanics with so much content on YouTube, TikTok, etc. Overall, BUY THE GAME!
zajebibi
muy bueno
Tea time & butthole puckering 10/10
Funny, Scary
its aight pretty funny
Las risas nunca faltaran cuando lo juegues con tus amigos
This is a very fun, hilarious, and goofy game. I believe it is one of the best games of 2025 for sure. Define worth the price.
this game is fun
egg
i didnt know i would get preyed on by a jester
fun
I just got fucked in the ass by a robot, I didn't think it was that type of game ALSO my friend putted me in a trashcan and i'm still stuck in there please send help
VALEU A PENA CADA CENTAVO KKKKK AS MELHORES RISADAS.
ESTAVA PRECISANDO DE UM JOGO ASSIM NA STEAM.
i'm white, so obviously i enjoy this game a lot. my parents love it even more! because now instead of punching holes in the wall, and smashing my grandmas vase when i'm mad, i can just load up R.E.P.O and basically do the same thing. Therapy who?
i witnessed a guy getting slapped by a bag of money.
la wea wena
made me pee a little
Ta bueno
voice chat, friends, breaking stuff, funny
funny
This is a really funny game with overly dramatic moments that are scary yet exhilarating at the same time.
there IS replay ability for this game, even if it seems like the genre of lethal company that gets boring after 2 days, it doesn't and the creator listens to all the feedback.
Really fun with other people.
I really love the game but wish the game had controller support. is controller support coming to the game eventually?
i wasnt the king :(
Has the situational humor and horror of Lethal Company with a comprehensive physics engine wrapped in an incredible layer of incredibly unique charm and uncanny-ness that makes it all the more enjoyable. If I had more friends, I'd never stop playing.
remove the duck i hate him so much but very funny and fun game
good
Top
funny ash
lowkey boring
Estou jogando direto e tenho um servidor pequeno da steam com outras pessoas, quem quiser jogar me add! Me add no dc stryfawkes, jogo diariamente
oyun ama 10 kere hep durdum save yok oyunda
dont ever buy no weed from the gas station bro
W
fun chaos
Todos son lentos en este juego vale
10/10 i can fling gnomes
good
ta bien
Play with friends and have lots of fun.
keep getting disconnected
If you have been playing with a group of friends and have a bunch of inside jokes. This is the game for you. Don't play single player, that is silly. ONLY play with friends.
worth
Game is great but servers are INCREDIBLY unstable. Cant play the game from near constant crashing. Will update review if they fix the non stop crashing issues
A lot of fun modded ngl, very sus and spooky. Got to lock in sometimes and use team work to kill some mobs.
Overall I really enjoy this game, both by myself and when playing with friends. It's mechanics all work great, the monsters are all fun and make the game tense while fun (and they won't one shot you constantly), and the maps are all interesting.
However, and this could just be user error between my friends and I, I tend to experience timeouts (server timeout/client timeout) when I'm playing co-op with my friends, and it doesn't matter which of the 3 of us hosts the game, it usually ends up abruptly stopping our session.
If this is just user error I'd love to hear some feedback on how my friends and I can fix this, however I felt it should be brought to attention in case it is a glitch or something on the developer said.
That aside, like I said, this is a great game I really love playing it
10/10
muy bueno
Im repoing it, im repoing it so good
fun to play with friends
Great game to play with friends and getting a lot of laughs, hope yall enjoy the game, beside the icon of the game all seemed great and didn't find many bugs actually but there's some hitbox problems, beside all of that its really cool and they really going to update it exciting for the future of it
fun
As a Canadian, its amazing to be finally represented in a game.
funny and fun but i'm a wimp
:<D
flint and steel. The neather. chicken jockey
whoever made the banner for this game was definitely high (I love it)
Just pure stupid fun
Most fun i had in several months
good gAKREWE
Nie dotykajcie kaczki.
emoji game
Divertido y da para unas risas en grupo
R.E.P.O innovates upon the successful Lethal Company formula by making the gameplay that touch more interactive. Objects have nicer physics, enemies have smarter behaviour, and the items are more interesting to use. It's quick to respawn if you die and you have many more options for avoiding death in the first place. It could do with a few more levels for sake of variety, and the sacrifice of outdoor environments for streamlining does detract from the atmosphere somewhat. I think a bit of ambient music could also be nifty. But overall it's a great package and the way it randomly arranges the limited set of content it does have creates consistently fun emergent gameplay experiences. If Lethal Company is a game that always has a trick up its sleeve, this game has two sleeves.
so fun and enjoyable. kind of hard to find other people to play though so that could be worked on a little bit.
juego qlo weno para jugar con amigos, las risas no faltaran
best
Best in the genre
top klk
10/10
This game is fun. Just don't do anything dumb and you will live.
super fun game! i highly recommend it to anyone thinking about getting it.
Troppo divertente <3
Lots of "AAHHHHH WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT," and "YOU FUCKING BROKE IT!" Very fun game to play with your friends. I hope to see an update in the future that let's you host public lobbies.
This game is the successor to the likes of "Bad Company" and other alike games
ITS SO FUNNY AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAYHAHAHAHAHA
10 10
el juego sigue la misma formula que lethal company y content warning, unos tipos a los que explotan para llevar acabo tareas peligrosas por nada a cambio, pero cada uno tiene su escencia y este no es la excepcion, tremendo juego, aunque tal vez deban mirar algunas cosas como el spawn de enemigos (matas a un enemigo y suceden 2 cosas, lo vez entrar por la a los 3 segundos o este no vuelve a aparecer), podrian arreglarlo colocandoles un tiempo de spawn consistente, lo segundo seria la forma en que spawnean los monstruos, no puede ser que todo el nivel no aparezca ningun monstruo y cuando estas terminando las ultimas entregas te spawneen todos los mostruos de la nada, otra cosa es la durabilidad de los objetos(mas precisamente los fragiles como jarrones o cristales) entiendo que estos se rompan si les das un golpe contra un muro o pero que de tan solo levantarlos ya se rompan me parece ridiculo, el resto de objetos trabaja perfectamente y nada mas que decir, el juego es excelente en todo lo que hace solo tiene detalles malos
I am the one who always carries the game, and clutches up the day with the homies, when I am last man alive, I always get the homies back and we make it far bc of me. fun game 10/10
Has similar aspects to Lethal Company but with autistic robots 10/10
juste hilarant
Finally another Lethal company game. I love lethal but i need new experience.
lots of fun with friends
Yes is fun
;)
P.S.
Very good early release lethal company like game.
this game is fun.
E bom
3 hrs in and its fun but like can we get more updates?
GIGA GAME OF THE YEAR
funny game
fun
Fun Simulator
Fun goofy ahh game. I recommend
top
Sessiz gereken yerde edilebilir olay. Bir de tam gereken yerde hepsi anda gang bangin' christian ortaya
funniest shit ever
TOP mais a jouer a plusieurs
good
Ta bueno :D
There are very few games that come with as little of a download that this one does and are actually good, don't get me wrong there are lots of hidden gems and this game has proven to me in the 2 hours that I have played it and nearly passed out due to how hilarious it is that it is one of them.
Video games now have 2 sides:
300gb of dog*
50mb of absolute cinema
Seriously though if you enjoyed games like Lethal Company and Content Warning your going to LOVE this game!
REPO ES BUENISIMO
buenardopolis
Best game to kill your friends on, get a laugh and hide from enemies as well. Would recommend to others!
HAKDOG
id drag my balls over a mile of broken glass to have a group to play this with
las cagadas de risa no tienen sentido
jogo
es muy buen juego muy divertido
good wtih freinds, not laggy
god
The characters are adorkable, the sound design is really good, the usage of sound effects and proximity audio is very well executed, creative and fun, the enemies are well-balanced in terms of annoying vs fair, spookies are mild but there, an overall great experience.
good
Hilarious! It jumps from too easy to wtf just happened, which can be infuriating, but as long as you keep a sense of humor and don't take it too seriously you will definitely have a good time.
Amazing time playing with friends, every game is different, love the silliness behind it all. 10/10
cachinga
Nah
Consistently end up cry-laughing at the absurdity in this game. Recommended if you have a sense of humor, and especially if you have folks to play with.
jmbazy
Great game to play with friends.
joya
COOL!
De tres bonnes sur ce jeu
fun with friends
good game:)
Esta Buenazo para juegar con amigos. PSDT: esperando lo que seran los mods c:
777 777 777 777 777 777 777 777 777
i got my booty eaten by a big old bald man good guy
nice
seria bom ter como jogar com outros player so com os amigos ficar esperando eles ficar online ai ter como jogar com estranhos seria bom
genial
10/10
JEJE GOD
mejor que el lethal
NNUIEELLE YES LE LIERRE
You think you have a normal set of friends until you realise you have one loose bolt in your group. I just watched that said loose bolt take my own head off the extractor so i couldn't spawn in. Only for my entire team to laugh in hysterics at the cost of my own detriment.
10/10. It made me realise i need to find more better trust worthy people to call friends.
pretyt fun
FUNNY GAME
Oh my god is this fun
Q 10/10.
What's not to love about silly horror?
Sometimes when playing I like to eat my own teeth
es muy divertido cuando se juega con amigos lo recomiendo mucho si quieres pasar el rato con tus amigos
this game is fire
EL MEJOR JUEGO DEL MUNDO AASDASDASDQWEQWQEQEQW
Played roughly 7 hours. Funniest 7 hours of my gaming life in a long time. This game is hilarious and also jumpy. I highly recommend to all wanting a laugh. Its also very well made and control scheme is very smooth. Overall a very enjoyable game and one that I cannot wait for more content and updates to be added. Thanks Devs!
FUNNIEST SCARY GAME EVER LOL
just needs public lobbies
cracking your mom cracking cracking your mom yeah unh unh unh lebron
ohmy gode so
funny shit
When you talk in-game, your mouth moves like a South Park Canadian.
Dojebana gra, ze znajomymi cena do gry jest zajebista polecam cieplutko
Game is scary funny!
Well worth every penny!
Lethal company so que todo mundo ragdoll e da pra matar seus amigos na 10/10
It's good.
Fire ass game
this game is really fun
mega geil wird noch besser
Basically. you need friends to play this game.
problem is. I ain't got no friends.
Public Lobby When?
i can kill myself with a shotgun
10/10 would kill myself again
Great way to torture my friends
imagine lethal company but not boring
Un juego muy divertido con amigos, nos cagamos de la risa siempre.
super fun w/ friends
cant wait for voice chat bug to fix
I'd like to be able to hear the enemies, like at all.
Better than any other game
GOOD GAME
I really love playing this game with my friends. It's goofy, Fun, And around a good time with the boi's. It's like a better version of lethal company. Take that how ya want but it's how I and my boi's feel. So if ya want a excellent Game to sit down and play with your friends this game is def worth the purchase. 9/10 Will continue to play with the guys.
ta bueno
yeah
-
Plz add hunter mode, just add random inventory in the start of the party for repo's and random choosing of the hunter. With some weapon for repo's and time limit for hunter's respawn - i believe that'll be good time
fun
Muy bien. esta increible.
Peak
Good game. List of why:
1. You can beat up your friends with a piano
2. You can abduct people with shopping carts
3. You can aggressively beat the crap out of your friends with a shopping cart
4. You can run around the map with a friend in your hand
5. The baby sucks
6. DONT TOUCH THE DUCK
7. The head passively bites and I dont like that
8. Don't look at tall skinny black baby
9. If you see big gun guy dont tell your friends
10. Have friends
No INVERTED MOUSE option. waste of $
Good
ZAJEBISTA GRA, dawno sie tak zajebiscie nie bawilem. polecam bo cena nie jest jakas super duza jak na zabawe oferuje gra
GOTY OF THE YEAR
Had a blast playing with friends. Game icon's gotta go though.
please change the logo for this game
Very spooky :) Very Funny :) Very recommended :)
nice
best horror game on earth
Mmh. game.
100%,
funny
massa dimais de jogar com meus manos, rende altas gargalhadas
I really want to play this game and enjoy it with my friends. Unfortunately, back in 2022 I was in a motor vehicle accident and experienced a traumatic brain injury. Ever since then I have been unable to play a game without inverted controls (Y axis). I'm not sure why this happened or the exact neuroscience behind it, but I become very nauseous and dizzy when playing without the inverted controls.
Thank you for reading this if you did and apologies for the story, but please add inverted controls if it's not too difficult for y'all Devs. I would really appreciate it, keep up the great work!
sex
i watched my bro die
Hourglass that make my voice sound like avg valorant vc
It is ok but.
good
Used the cart to stun and kill all my friends while crying laughing 10/10
Mi ha muerto a manos de un abuelo ciego con escopeta, juegazo
Tout est fait pour etre drole et si vous avez des amis peureux c'est encore mieux
Sensational
fun
muy goood
Lethal Company but funnier
Juego baboso, Juego precioso como me encantas
funny moments
i yelled the n word and gun man shot my friend. 10/10
I blow up 5 stars
me encanto el juego, super chistoso, un para todos lo que empiecen a jugar, compren puras mejoras de personaje en la tienda, no hay nada mejor que levantar a los enemigos como si no fueran nada
Honestly i love this game, its funner with a lot of people and for someone that goes past level 10~ i wish the pricing system changed depending on how many people are there ect even on good runs if you can only get two upgrades with six people that's constantly needing health its more of a try hard game in the later levels.
REPO ISN'T JUST A GAME. You think it's some "cyberpunk hacking roguelike"? Oh no, my naive data drone. a SIMULATION. A testbed for the endgame. The corporations? They're watching. Every time you get traced, every firewall you breach, every corrupted file you jack into THEY KNOW.
You think those neon-clad agents chasing you are NPCs? WRONG. They're real-world security contractors running drills. Why else do they show up just as you finish decrypting that payload? They're tracking your keystrokes, studying your tactics. The devs keep patching the game to "balance difficulty"? LIES. They're refining predictive models to neutralize future hacktivists.
And those glitch effects when you get fried by ICE? That's not "immersion." That's subliminal programming. The buzzing noise? Neural conditioning. Why do you think you can never fully escape the system? Because YOU'RE NOT MEANT TO. The corporations are soft-launching their new surveillance grid and REPO is the beta test.
The data nodes? Digital breadcrumbs left by rogue whistleblowers. The corrupted files? Encrypted blueprints for real-world exploits. Why do you think you "respawn" after getting wiped? Because you die you were reset. The game about winning about COMPLIANCE.
Those flickering neon signs? Hidden QR codes. The static in the soundtrack? Encrypted messages from insiders trying to warn you. Wake up. It's not "REPO." IT'S REALITY PROTOCOL. And when the blackout comes, when the drones start sweeping the streets, you'll remember who tried to tell you.
this might be the game ive ever played
Best game release of 2025
DA PORR@
love it
this game is so stupid i love it
10e expensive, not worth
Very good game. Takes a lot of insipiration from Lethal Company, but is a very refreshing and unique take on the formula. The core gameplay loops are nearly identical, but this game hits a new itch with its more cartoonish approach as well as its emphasis on item degradation and avoiding it.
Some monsters are also unapologetically unfair, but it's only a problem when you're complacent, as most of them are avoidable or nearly harmless when you figure them out.
I'd say the one thing "holding it back" is that it's still unfinished. Like Lethal Company, this game released a playable version as early access. THAT BEING SAID, the polish on this game is much better. When you play Lethal, you can tell the game isn't running the best it could be, when you play this game, it's butter smooth at max settings, easily hitting 200+ FPS because the game doesn't use heavy graphics to look good, it uses artistic design to look good.
A pleasantly surprising experience, 9/10
pretty fun when your buddies actually play the game
=
Decent game!
Funniest game ever!
But they need to add new matchmaking system that we can queue with other players
GOOD
Insane game. Such good quality. Much fun. had that in a while with modern games
peak
cool
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr, sed diam nonumy eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua. At vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum. Stet clita kasd gubergren, no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr, sed diam nonumy eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua. At vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum. Stet clita kasd gubergren, no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.
dziadek co na wojnie shotguna i do wszystkiego co i psa od strony stryjka, babci, ciotki, owczarka niemieckiego, kota i szczura w Warto jest plemnik jak zobaczy erekcja skacze mu do takiego poziomu nie kontrolowanie spuszcza na gracza ale to polecam z autyzmem. Nic tylko bo gra tak super jak w obozie gazowany. Polecam cieplutko z
Cara, que jogasso! Vi o Alan jogando e tive que comprar, jogo muito divertido vei
divertido, bem polido e mano o VOIP cinema demais! A imersiva pra caramba e a montagem das salas natural que dificilmente algo sem sentido, o loot bem e a com os amigos e vai dar risada chorar)
O jogo tem uma pegada de terror cartunesco, mas medo jogando com os amigos! Pois na maior parte do tempo, vai rindo porque algum monstro matou seu amigo(de forma brutal ou muito ou o monstro correndo de igual um maluco(tem monstros que causam terror que pra se cagar um poucoKKKKKKK)
e mano a de poder digitar simplesmente UMA DAS COISA DO JOGO!
meu mano Bolinho se assustou com uma porta quebrando e eu fiquei sem ar de tanto rir. A gente fez bullying com um monstro, juntou 4 pessoas e ficou batendo nele a morte. (foi me senti um monstro.)
RECOMENDO DEMAIIS se curte juntar os amigos pra fazer um trabalho(insalubre) num lugar sobrenatural, esse jogo pra (se curtiu Lethal Company/Content Warning vai curtir esse
SD
i like how the duck turns into an apex predator
3+ ( ).
-
-
- -_-).
-
yes
Es macht verdammt viel vorallem mit dem ingame voice, wenn du lust hast mega zu grinden und deine freunde bis auf den tod zu beleidigen, ist das Spiel genau das Richtige. Ob du jetzt einen Mental breakdown oder einen Herzinfakt bekommst, nimmt sich in diesem Spiel nichts wenn der Blinde man dir die Flite Rektal 10/10
muy bueno pa
God juego
-
veselo
i plyeed game i rtghuihni think
good coop horror game give it a try if u liked lethal compagnie.
physics based game where u look stuff using kinda the gravity gun from gmod
this game is freaking epic I used one of my friends as a meat shield when a blind man was about to blow his LOAD all over them and then I shouted the word pen 15 and got us both killed. 10/10 they should have a 4 pack bundle.
Mi Bombaclaat
YES VERY GOOD GAME 10/10
smieszna gra
Very goofy game and very random, A blind guy with a shotgun shot a rugrat (baby that destroys stuff) not an actual baby just an entity
J'ai encore parfait pour les familles qui veulent se rapprocher et passer du temps ensemble.
the gnomes should commit suicide
Incroyable
il es bien
muy fachero
opravte mic dopici
one of the most goofy and fun games I have played in a very long time
La la plus amusante de payer ses
Lustig mit vielen spielern XD
Fajna na nudy xd
Este es uno de los juegos que mas me han encantado actualmente y aunque muchos dicen que tiene el mismo ambiente de lethal company, pero las mecanicas del juego son muy interesantes ya que requiere de coordinacion, sigilo, y ser paciente ya que si das un paso falso perderas facilmente
La verdad les recomiendo jugarlo mas si juegan con tus amigos :0
I love the game
funny android game
be me
>carrying 7 grand vase with friend
>almost at extraction point
>dipshit 3rd teammate purposefully hits friend with cart causing us to drop the vase
>what it get shattered into a thousand pieces
>get killed by red dude with hammer
>feelsbadman.jpg
-
fantastic game
146%
repo
Comedy gold with friends.
its so peak
Bastante entretenido con amigos.
Arreglen el chat de voz que a veces se bugea y deja de funcionar hasta que se vuelva a hostear.
Espero contenido para Abril.
Juego 100% recomendable, muy divertido para jugar con tus amigos, gran variedad de escenarios, monstruos e items. Espero que el equipo siga dando apoyo a este juego y no lo abandonen nunca, seguid
very fun with friends
fuck
god amigo juegazo
Why red man have 500hp?
Uno de los mejores juegos multijugador de los risas y miedo, todo en uno. Juego 100% recomendables si quieres tener una buena experiencia con tus amigos.
POGGERS
GROOVE WITH 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 LONG TIME LOVE WOW
)
Juego para jugar con tus amigos, es una obra de arte. sigan trabajando en
BETTER LETHAL COMPANY
igen
Of all the minigames I've played, this is one of the best
The lack of multiplayer matchmaking (and lack of responsive friends) ruins the full purpose of the game.
until online matchmaking becomes a thing, i don't find myself playing this game.
This is the most funny and enjoyable game to play with friends that I have ever played, omg i could stay for hours playing this game with my friends, HIGHLY RECOMMENDED GAME
subba game
excelente juego si quieres con tus amigos
Jew Simulator
diver
muy bueno para jugar solo o con amigos
goon
Review Score: ☑☐
-
Is the Game Good?
☑ Yes | ☐ No
No 3rd Party Launcher?
☑ Yes | ☐ No
Linux Support?
☐ Yes | ☑ No / See ProtonDB
Comments:
- No achievements
bon jeux a jouer avec des potes
talk run jump oog oog
joguei ontem com 2 amigos e fazia tempo que eu nao ria e me divertia tanto kkkkkk.
Unica coisa que eu mudaria era ter a opcao de achar salas com outras pessoas, mas acredito que futuramente vao mudar isso
50
A GREAT game. If you enjoyed Lethal Company and/or Content Warning then this is 100% a must buy, (especially if you have people to play it with.) it's a similar genre but it is new and refreshing.
Youre friends will kill you in the store more than the actual game.
amazing game
Top level shit housery
Very fun game with friends, pretty cool for solo run as well.
ebic
Funny and scary asf
Fun game that's perfect to play with friends, good difficulty scaling and it's addicting.
It's also fairly priced, and runs good on most computers, so you and all your friends can purchase/run it well.
And it's great that there are a lot of chances to be revived, so that you can get back into the game play quickly if you die. (Unless you and your friends are terrible at the game like me and mine are)
Diese Gut
This game is straight up trash, i don't know where or how people who play this have fun its just a worse version of Lethal Company and even that is a terrible game. I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS GAME.
that giant head ate my butt
funny game go AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!
Super Elegancka Chaj
ITs tits
Oyun Cidden hele ki var ve onlarla cidden ve oyun oynarken bu kadar cidden
Lethal Company
P.S. 3 5 (4 Soundpad
funniest game ive played in a while. great with friends. its defo a must have game.
one issue i do have though is the monster getting you through a wall
-
so much fun my friends and I love this game!
horror game but you are the horror
und Lach Faktor Garantiert
ice games
so much fun to play with friends
Tom stop eating my special cookies
Needs an ingame lobby browser
Fun game that will get old soon like every high-score game.
Echt superleuk spel voor met vrienden :)
cheers big ear
I hate the elderly and blind
Genuinely more fun and structured than Lethal Company. Attention to detail is the best and upward scaling is very balanced.
jogo muito brabo
Locura jugarlo con amigos, para nada arrepentido de mis 100% recomendable
Ja - "KURWAAA KURWAA NIE BABY Z NA OSTATNIEJ QUCIE Z 1 HP JEBANYM KLAUNEM JAK WSZYSCY NIE NIEEEEEEEEEEEEE!"
Kolega - *Idzie anyway"
Kolega - *umiera*
Ja - "KURWAAA"
sosal
good game to be funny mess around hit teamates with the cart and survie and get rich
Its super fun and scawy! haha, its amazing if you play it with others!
Esse jogo perfeito para jogar com amigos, garantia de 100% que vc vai rir em um jogo de terror
the alien wouldn't take my mcdonald's happy meal but i happily fed him a land mine instead
you cannot say this is better than lethal company otherwise i dont care if you enjoy it i just dont
funniest game of 2025
Monsters that are killed should stay dead. The audio of a monster approaching isn't even there you can't hear anything which really doesn't make any sense.
Muito bom pra manter os traumas ativos!
lethal company but funnier
sunucusunda olarak Buyurabilirsiniizzz
Lethal company but robots, seems like a good concept and it is
good game, but the player should start with at least 50% of their HP at the start of a match
Unless there is a saving system I'm not interested in playing this game at the moment.
Richard, I have the Capsule
This is a pretty good game! It does everything that Lethal Company failed to do right. Overall, the gameplay is cool and the enemies are engaging and actually pretty scary! I would recommend this game. Right now, I think it's an 8/10.
A Lot of fun!
Awww Cute ducky! Let me pick you up!
Very fun to throw your friends
yay better lethal company
chicooooos necesito gente para jugarlo aja quien se anima ? agreguen
Jogasso 10/10 muito bom impludi diversas vezes e fiz cosplay de Kurt cobain
To fun XDDDD
"Lethal company",
P.S
My friends died and i was at 1 hp while getting chased by 10 different monsters, very great game
10 360 /10
veya yeni biri gelince oyunu en
At first it was an awesome, hilarious looting game. But, the newest updates made things too difficult for us regular casual players. Creatures are just too difficult to get by. Some are relentless and camp or even follow to hiding places. Was more fun the first week we played. Now it is more frustrating than before and kinda sucking the fun out of it. Four ducks following me at once is too many. Some were triggered without me touching them. The old man found me under a table while hiding and shot me. They are camping in front of the only exits and not leaving. Some are spawning directly on top of us or in front of us while walking.
CHICKEN JOCKEY
Thing happen in game
❌ getting scare of monster
✅ getting killed by laughing your friend while hiding from monster
My friendships are being tested but I am also getting paid so it is whateves
Good gaem
amazing
my mentally challenged friend Pete loves this game
If you have a dedicated group of friends this is the one of the funniest games to play together.
She R.E on my P.O till I self-destruct
Basically Lethal Company, but you have a truck instead of a ship, and there's physics and object damage involved. You can also be revived (in multiplayer) at multiple points in later game rounds, so that's always fun! Probably not a great game for those prone to rage or extreme perfectionism, but it definitely shines in a multiplayer environment that promotes comedic and entertaining situations. If you're a tryhard, I doubt you'll get much enjoyment out of wobbly, clumsy scavenger robot game.
I think R.E.P.O. is really like a game
10 10
say gex
i haven't laughed this hard playing a horror game ever
its sooooo gooooood if you have friends :/
Lethal Company en plus fun, je recommande.
unc with a shotgun is scary 10\10
So much fun with lots of laughs and chaos with friends!
it is too unbalanced
Es un juego muy bueno en el que las risas y el terror no faltan, te acabas enganchando con el tiempo, espero valla a goty xd
So fun with friends :)
best game
Extremely fun, if you're looking for a fun horror-ish game to play with friends (and you love to steal) this is the game for you
peak
hoogtepunt
soro pa ara
kulmin
.-. .- -. -.-. .- -.-
The Canadian experience is amazing
Fun
absolute
cinema
change the clown or outright remove it. IMO the worst enemy to deal with. all of the weaknesses are non existent to defeat it. if the developer removes it then ill change my review.
nerf the rugrat now.
EWEWEWEWEWEWEWEWEWEWEWEWEWEWEWEWEWEWE
Soundpad
i was here
1 105
17 2025 03:00,
Perfekt mit den Kollegen
esta muy chido pero aveces si juegas solo te da miedo y luegp cuando juegas de nopche y viene los moustrous mas feos avidos y por aver pero fuera de esos muy god =D
hell yes
[h1] [/h1]
[i] Shadow Salvagers [/i]
[b] R.E.P.O. [/b]
[h2] [/h2]
[h2] [/h2]
[u] [/u]
[h3] [/h3]
[b] R.E.P.O. [/b]
[hr]
It a funny game i love it
lethal company,
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
11 10
fun
ya konserva blya
It's early in the release but so far, other than some minor issues, it's a fun and frustrating game. I definitely recommend
Very fun to play with your friends, you don't even need to reach high levels and you are chuckling up a storm
z i go na gnomom 10/10
d
Insanely good voip with fun physics and the cherry on top is how responsive the devs are to community feedback.
amazing game
si
good play and big funny
goofy, really goofy
Extremely fun with friends. scary and funny. i hope this game keeps thriving
fun
So fun! Highly recommend playing with your friends, and unleash chaos!
best game ever
:v
mama lon
nice
gud game
The funniest game I've ever played
si tienes la oportunidad de comprarlo hazlo que esperas?
aqui les dejo el resumen del juego sus ventajas y desventajas
ventajas:
el juego te saca risas por donde sea, por como te miran los personas o lo matan, aqui las risas sobran si juegas con amigos.
el juego anda en una tostadora o pc de junaer no pide nada y es bueno para mucho jugadores.
aunque el juego es repetitivo hacer lo mismo de siempre no se hace aburrido, porque las risas y momentos randons son momentos sin pensarlo
desventajas:
el juego solo esta en ingles
no tiene matchmaking pero se supone que lo van a poner
juego repetitivo mismo mapas, enemigos y objetivos pero seguro ponen mas cosas asi que esto no es tan negativo
i love throwing my friends into the extraction pad thanks letting us do that
funny
this is so much fun
10 10
es ist richtig lustig und macht sehr viel noch mehr neue maps der hammer
sigma
0%
100%
mamut rahal
sim.
Love to ARRRRRGGGGGHHHTTTTT when grandpa is here
fun w fren
Good take on Lethal Company with unique gameplay.
;'l
goo gam t pla wit friens
Jairo asesino y sanxe putero
Amazing
Muito bom!
Server pra jogar com a galera: discord.gg/repobrasil
Very much recommend to play! This game is very fun!
good
Play with friends = instant fun nights
Scary game but very fun. 9,5/10
Lethal Company but better and funnier (and without incompetent people)
AHHHH
AHHHHHHHH
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
its a very fun game to play with friends
TTS is a game in and of it self, play with friends and ingame comms and you are sure to have a blast!
Me mucho, muy bueno. Ideal para jugar con amigos y pasar un buen rato.
GET AWAY FROM ME YOU FUCKING HEADLESS HEAD
Se volvio demasiado popular y se nota que el servidor esta colapsado
Who broke the diamond!? - Second later he was executed on the spot with shotgun
SO. FUN. SUPPORT THESE DEVS, THEY ARE ON YT TOO!
bombardino crocodilo
10 10
OKEY!
O YES
haaaaaa
Mas de una vez me detono un abuelo ciego, mientras estaba atorado abajo de una mesa 10/10 recomendado
Fun with friends for sure, just be careful not to pick up the mines after they're set down.
One of the better co-op horror games in 2025. I adore how the game is more silly with the player models, the enemy design & mechanics and it's goofy physics.
I will never forget being diddied by an invisible ghost while a floating jaw attaches to my face and have me spit around my friends & the cart full of goodies.
Este jogo foi a da risada para mim este jogo e muito
No entiendo el error de timeout, alguien sabe solucionarlo?. Ya los drivers, como admin y no xd
muy bien
YES
estaba escondido con mis amigos y vino un bebe desnudo y me tiro un objeto por la cabeza y me mato mis amigos se rieron y ahora me bulean por eso 10/10
ya
Best game of the year
(:
this game is really funny
Crazy Game die Buben
GOTY
Fun with friends, lethal company tier
We need bigger teams(8 or 10 players for example)
quite funny
Este juego me hace ser racista, clasista,
Lots of fun, loads of laughs, would definitely recommend it to anyone on my friends list and look forward to the future updates to see what else is added to make it even more entertaining.
s
I could literally play this all day
This game is only fun if you got friends that like to play the game
A seemingly endless horde of gnomes tore me and my brother to pieces while they mined our loot like it was minerals, 10/10
Repo more like
Yespo
I genuinely have not laughed this hard with friends since I was a little kid. I would pay triple this price solely for the laughs I have shared with my buddies. Just buy this already.
its like leathal comp but better :) fun w friends and scary by yourself
sim
Very fun and interactive gameplay and the horror elements are perfect. Though I cannot say that I enjoy it when my friends die. Every time I am left alone the monsters decide to traumatise me to the point that I clench my cheeks so hard that even air cant pass through them. Definitely recommend it it's a great game for friend groups and i am looking forward to the new content that will be added.
This game was awesome! I cant wait until they add matchmaking.
holy peak of a game
Nerfem o Sydnei imediatamente, ta muito forte nesse patch
you can say whatever you want in the chat. best game ever
fun
Un cago de risa que decirte
BETTER THAN LETHAL COMPANY
Divertido y se puede volver muy Es esencial que juegues con amigos para tener una buena experiencia. Cada intento se vuelve Espero que en un futuro nuevas funciones o un soporte en Steam para mods.
Better lethal company
very good
rulo la puta que te pario
Hilarious game and incredibly fun
There are no in game servers. So if you don't know someone to play with, your on your own. The whole fun aspect of this game is the multiplayer so that's gonna be a no for me dawg.
Loads of fun especially in multiplayer. Worth the price.
Uno de los mejores juegos estilo Lethal Company que he probado, su gameplay es increible tanto que puedes jugar solo sin problemas, los monstruos son muy diferentes entre si y cada uno tiene mucha personalidad, que los objetos tengan la posibilidad de bajar de precio si se le agrega una capa mas de dificultad y poder defenderse o escapar de los monstruos es genuinamente divertido de hacer, tienes que probarlo sin lugar a dudas, 100% recomendado.
top muito bom
paixnidi aristourgima isos to game of the year
Joguinho bom pra ver o grito dos amiguinhos ao ver um monstro.
Yes. Very funny :-D
j'adore super FUN
very good game nothing else
This game is awesome but I kinda wish there was an option to play with others online without the use of inviting friends, like an actual server list.
Ta a ir abaixo as partidas
For the game only being beta its pretty impressive
BUEN JUEGO
lol
Fun, but at present there are too few maps and the difficulty is a little high terrain too much terrain is easy to enter the door on the sudden death this needs to be optimized and then the prop price to the back can reduce some attributes should be shared by the whole team and then after the death it is best to choose this pass to restart directly from scratch really can not stand it It is best to add an upgrade to show monsters on the map, and then the early stage should not brush some monsters too fierce. Some monsters brush in the first few levels can not play at all, and then the trajectory of the gun is not allowed to shoot ballistic deviation too much.
180
10 10
Best game for a group of friends, no one will be getting mad or yelled at I promise <3
Excelente pra jogar com os amigos, demais.
yuh
smiley face
yuh
amazing actually balanced horror/co-op game, theres useful items that aren't too powerful but not completely garbage, you can actually deal with the monsters not like other horror games with that logo that have absolute killing-machines that you pray they don't spawn or you're dead, and the characters are so damn funny and adorable,
10/10 Lethal-like done VERY well
This game is insanely fun and great to play with friends. Would definitely recommend picking this up.
njg
fun
10/10 fun
GAME IS GREAT! JUST WISH I HAD MORE FRIENDS! :'-)
I have a big hatred against the stupid ah child, mf threw a bloody vase at me and just walked away
c'est le jeux que tu va te eclate avec vos pote, des monstre qui va vous faire peur plein autre chose d'incroyable.
je vous le conseil de jouais au jeux!
pioute
GOOOD
Four guys trying to move a piano down the stairs, a fifth one trying to coordinate, and everyone thinks that they know best how to move it, just to actually break the goddamn thing by the end. So basically, it provides the same experience as I had last time I was moving flats. Including the monsters.
I hate you.
We all must please the Taxman ;]
baba
Very good. Would love to see some kind of permanent progression system (cosmetics, special items, etc). And also some unique jump scares. Games like this are great, but also lose the ability to put you on the edge of your seat after a week or two of playing.
jebany zegar po to aby mi prosto w morde
hilarous
Stepped on a landmine and died
grape game!
o melhor jogo que ja joguei
pog
W
jeu amusant est flippant je conseil pour ce qui aime les jeu a la lethal Company
the game sucks when the blind guy spawns and monsters puppy guard so bad
funny game
mu guapo
R.E.P.O
very very very good.
R.E.P.O. is a great game for passing the time, offering the chance to meet many new players. While it can be played solo, it quickly becomes boring on your own. After 40 hours of gameplay, still hooked each session introduces new people and their unique playstyles, making the spooky locations of the game even more captivating.
The game starts off really fun and cool. The first two levels are super easy and can be finished in about 10 minutes each, which fits well with the game's casual vibe. However, level three is way too hard compared to the first two, and after a few attempts it just stops being fun. Plus, when you die, it sucks having to watch your teammates collect stuff (for what feels like eternity) without being able to do anything.
Tenho poucos amigos para jogar, mas pela que eu tive jogando, simplesmente um dos melhores jogos que joguei. Uma mistura de muitas risadas, estresse por quebrar os itens e muitos sustos. Vale cada segundo de gameplay.
hem korkutucu hem komik 10/10 oyun sonuna kadar bence
This game is great! It has many mechanics that I would never have even thought of that are so so fun. The game has map generation which is great for replayability and the game can sometimes be very unpredictable. This game has made me both scream and laugh. I would definitely recommend this if you have friends to play it with.
VERY FUNNY HAFHAFGHKSJDGX:KLVHIKJWH
its silly trust
demais
really fun game. really funny when you play with a bunch of people lol. highly encourage playing this game
This isn't some co-op horror clone like the many others out there. There's a recipe for greatness here.
It is a blast to play with buddies. Puzzle, parkour, physics, horror, hilarity, it's got it all.
Trying to carry a massive wooden grandfather clock down a set of stairs with three friends holding it from each end like clumsy laborers, attempting to coordinate how to get it around a corner while a terrifying horror suddenly creeps up on you from behind and kills you is priceless fun.
And it's all procedurally generated so the runs never get stale. What more can you ask for? With regular, consistent updates to levels and monsters this game can easily claim its walk of fame star in co-op gaming industry.
Great fun with friends! Hilarious, spooky party game!
Worth
super fun
my friend jj just LOVES this game! (he is also fruity)
Geiles Coop-Horror-Game seit Langem.
10 10
step 1 start playing with friend
step 2 kill one of your friends by a mistake
step 3 run away from monster after making the final quota
step 4 get betrayed by one of the friend
step 5 die
10/10 peak gameplay
one of the best multiplayer games i have ever played!
can't wait for the next updates!
Me encanta el R.E.P.O
lo juego todo el
esto no es Minecraft
me encanta, que bueno
Lo juega mi padre
Lo juega mi abuelo
Tiene ochenta y uno
Pero es muy bueno
Sin team, yeah
Player pro gana sin mejoras ni armas
Para ganar hay que entrenar
el en pie pa' triunfar
No es mine', no es mine'
Yeah, igual puedes destruir, yeah
Yeah, igual puedes trollear, yeah
Yeah, igual puedes pvpear, yeah
Yeah, igual puedes destruir, yeah
Yeah, igual puedes trollear, yeah
Yeah, igual puedes pvpear, yeah
Yeah, igual puedes pvpear, yeah
Me encanta el R.E.P.O
Lo juego todo el
Esto no es Minecraft
Me encanta, que bueno
Me encanta el R.E.P.O
Lo juego todo el
Esto no es Minecraft
Me encanta, que.
Me encanta que. que. que.
It's like Lethal Company but way more fun, buy this instead
R.E.P.O.
+rep
good stuff
It's worth every penny!
gracias amigo
lepszy lethal
goty
ofc
I was playing this with friends and three of us were jumping over a gap in the centre of a room. Me and a friend jumped over just fine until one of ours jumped over, paused directly over the gap and poofed out of existance. I thought I was lagging until I turned to face the other friend I jumped over with. And the turned to face me with the same stupid look on our face.
It's the funniest memory I'll probably ever have playing a video game. If you love Lethal Company, you'll adore this!
Very good game, totally recommended, I cried with laughter
Game funny made me giggle
On par with Lethal Company.
Avec mon des plus sur ce jeu absolument banger, je peut affirmer que c'est vraiment une ludique. Il n'existe pas, mon humble avis, un jeu sur tout Steam qui ait une de vie aussi longue. Oui oui oui, vous vous demanderez comment, mais CO-MENT fait-il pour savoir tout avec seulement 10 minutes de gameplay ? Eh bien c'est simple, je suis omniscient. D'ailleurs, toi qui lis va te doucher s'il te
this is the most fun i've had playing a game with friends in a while. if you've enjoyed games like lethal company, then you will definitely love this one too! it is both hilarious and challenging, whether you choose to play alone or with friends. it is very much worth its price, and i appreciate that the developers are consistently and actively listening to / updating their community (thank you!) :)
This is literally the best game out right now I think it's better then lethal company. The production team really outdid themselves. I've been trying to play this all day everyday and can't get enough. I also like how they are constantly adding new maps and trying to add new monsters. Thank you for making such an amazing and funny game to play. I seriously enjoy it.
Really funny game. still in early access but i hope there comes a lot of stuff like more maps. only 3 right now i think i missed a few monster. but the ones a saw ,each was unique. 6 players seems ok. maybe in the future there can be more. items have some awesome variations effects. im gonna play it more. I'm looking forward to more till full release
sdvdsvdvd
really funny game to play with friends
Very fun game cant wait to see it grow!
Lethal Company ama daha iyisi
El lethal company pero mucho mejor hecho, 20/10
sigma
BOM DEMAIS GALERA
bom
El juego es muy bueno y divertido. No entiendo por tengo FPS bajos de 240 a 1 y de vuelta a 240. He estado revisando los controladores y todo bien, incluyendo los archivos del juego. Incluso mi PC, pero sigue pasando. No entiendo por y mi PC no mal. RTX 3060 + R5 5600G 32 GB de RAM. Si alguien sabe la se lo
-
The game is very good and fun, I don't understand why I have low fps from 240 to 1 and back to 240. I've been checking drivers and everything is fine, the game files, even formatting my PC, but it keeps happening, I don't understand why and my PC isn't bad. RTX 3060 + R5 5600G 32GB RAM
If anyone knows the solution, I'd appreciate it.
funnt
fun but i need people to play with
Great game to play with friends and have a good laugh
Ta guaaapoooo loquete!
hm i love the fact how u can has sex
1
This is more of a comedy than a horror game.
A great game to play with friends!
Worth it for the money!
W Game aber wenn ihr da einen android casper seht, rennt!
Fiquei magoado, por me teres mentido, mas por poder voltar a acreditar-te.
a partir de hoje odeio patos
BEST HOOOORRROROROROR GAME OFFFF 2025! MEGA GUD GAME, I WILL RECCCCCCOMEND VERI MUTCH :DDDD
This game is lit
muito bom
Very fun coop game.
It can get very chaotic and messy but that is the charm.
Sometimes you get a combinations of monsters that will make the run a breeze and then you get the cursed run where everything is going downhill.
I can only recommend it.
very nice
14.3 +
incroyable
SUPER FUN!
dobra gierka
only 5 hours and it's been some of the funniest shit ived ever played
very laugh
TEGDG REGD
Super Coop Game
fun
yes :)
Most fun I had in a while with some friends. Weapons are too janky though. The amount of times I knocked myself out just pulling them out is annoying
JUST RUN!
1000
sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim sim
amazing gaem not gunna hold you
Sehr lustiges und gutes Spiel. Macht zusammen sehr :)
fun
ts game so fun icl
you thought it was a fart now you have to deal with the shart
Very fun game to play with friends
GOOD WITH SNUFF SNUFF
great game to play with friends and very fun mechanics
symulator chodzenia z matka na zakupy
very simple game oke
1
2
3
R.E.P.O,
bueno
Comedy gold
its a great little Community game, bring a friend with you and you'l have lots of fun
Remember, its a work in progress not a finished product. still great
9.99/10 Game
-0.01 for the gnomes
Best game to get a headache from your f* friends using soundboard.
Very good
Very yes
destroy monsters (without cute duck)
The game mix perfectly the fun and the scares, mostly the fun with ridiculous moments. Recomended to play with friends and take the shit out in group
Eyad is the worst player
)
very silly and also scary sometimes. good gameplay loop
R.E.P.O.
Cool bon jeu en groupe, de quoi vous occupez et rigoler pendant quelque
AMINKOYAYIM BEN Onun oyun
If Lethal Company, Little Nightmares, and human fall flat had a baby. I have played this game for one session so far and it was one of the funnest games I have ever played. 100% recommend.
12 10
fun game to play with friends
Honestly I went into this game expecting a Lethal Company clone. While it is of the same genre, they really expanded into the genre and made it their own little thing. The QoL things they have in the base game is insane, so theres not a "need" (like lethal company) to get mods. I really cant wait for more content! :)
can throw gnomes, 10/10
Fun
so cool!
funny game
scary ass game
Another player (Admarr) can be touched
Fun with friends! Highly Recomended!
shits funny what can i say
this game u have to play with friends but if dont have any u cant play this game pretty sad cause i lost all my friends after they destroyed my 40k object
tip
Sehr gutes Spiel
EXEPTIONEL
epic
super duper fun
Only played 7 hours. so far. I've been eaten Alive, spat on by a flying set of grandmas dentures, been looked down on by a tall black half enderman half baby thing, been knocked to the ground then thrown into a hole by several of my "friends", shot by a blind guy with suprisingly accurate aim, gotten a red kamehameha in my face more times than I can count, and got chased by thing's that I can't even begind to describe. all in all, 10/10 would get violated by monsters again, can recomend.
I love smashing the baby against the wall with my homies
questo gioco mi sfrugulglia la wallera
Funny MP Horror Game
Its fun!
cool
je seper
BALLZ
Es un juego para pasarlo teta entre amigos. Diviertete soplando la nuca a tus amigos y cagandote en el que rompe las cosas.
its fun
amazingggg
cute and funny
best game ever!
Repo is the Terraria to Lethal Company's Minecraft
Jogo bom, no estilo de jogos como lethal company e content warning, com uma jogabilidade mais e divertida. de ser melhor em de gameplay, que acho mais legal que ambos que acabei de falar. Recomento muito o jogo e acho que vale mais que 32 reais.
eu acho que o os problemas os inimigos, a hitbox deles muito esquisita, o range de dano de alguns absurdo para o ataque, e a vida deles ridiculamente alta, no primeiro mapa.
Ao todo gostei muito do jogo e fortemente recomendo jogar.
De los juegos malos que he jugao, el peor. Nunca llegamos a jugar en la parte que se pone divertido.
BARDZO DOBRA ZABAWA
11
Babam kurt, annem vampir, ben kumpir.
Lethalin yandan
durisimo
best game out there fr
funny ahh game
Mega
Goty 2025
best game
repo
que risa
gooddddddddddddddddd
super jeu j'ai spawn je suis mort par un aveugle je relance je meur par une tete qui vole
Super fun with friends!
Es magico
perfect
don't play it
Gran videojuego estilo de horror, bastante recomendable si tus amigos no suman 20 de IQ
oui
big laugh ha ha
Just a banger
very fun and entertaining
Great game, a lot of fun and chaotic as hell. Def worth the price its at right now.
- 7/10
najlepiej wydane 46zl jak masz minimum 2 kolegow piwniczakow i sluchawki nawet za 20zl, ile darcia ryja na VC bedzie wspolnie a ile przyjazni upadnie po zrzuceniu komody ze schodow to tajemnica ktora odkryjesz jesli kupisz R.E.P.O
discord.gg/repoturkiye sunucusunda olarak Buyurabilirsiniizzz.
Juegaso, recomendable jugar con 3 amigos o 10/10
Very fun game to play!
10 10
Good fun with friends, although needs more variety to be less repetitive.
Also enemy AI needs some work because they're very inconsistent.
But the game is well worth it's price already, and it'll only get better and more polished with each update!
so funny an so fun n yea taking my short friend to the monster
2 40-50,
ma grandma do voodoo
meaw
VERY FUN GAME
Fun to play with friends, good mix of funny and scary.
Excellent! Can't wait to see how to develops further. Such a solid foundation, addictive game-play, and such such potential. $9.99 is a BARGAIN. So much fun with our group, we can't get enough.
EXCELENTE JUEGO PARA VENIRSE ENCIMA VIENDO UNAS G0RDAS PASANDO EN LA CALLE EN TANGA
Consistently client time-outs, no other peer-2-peer server hosting game does this. Until this gets fixed I don't recommend until they make it more stable, if it wasn't an issue this would be a hands-down thumbs up. Really enjoyable if it didn't disconnect you from a game if your internet cuts out for a split second.
I never thought dying can be so funny
Es como una chamba real, te dejan solo lo que sobra, te llevas mal con todos, te puedes morir, pero es divertido, recomendado.
AHDSAJDHAJDHAJDHAHDLKAJDA que jogo bom.
rx580
Very good game had a lot of fun with it just convinced my friends to get it BUT i found a glitch where i delivered my cart it took the items then it said 0 out of 2 completed my cart was missing and the two most expensive items weren't taken? I don't know what caused this glitch sadly but other then that its good it could maybe have a computer in the r.e.p.o and it could show info on monsters you've seen because i have no idea how to deal with any of them other then the gnomes. i just hide from them all and hope they go away! i could use a video online but if you have to watch a video to know how to do something that's not good great game other then those little nitpicks!
[][][][][][][][][][][]
> Joined Friend
> Started Match
> Game plays normally
> We get jumped by a duck
> Get sent to Minecraft PVP room
> Host's internet crashes
Peak game 10/10 will play again
jj
10/10
BUEN JUEGO
THIS GAME IS SO FUN
good but very hard and also would like to see other monsters
Very nice game very interesting and very fun but solo game is really horror game
esse jogo tao bom que vc pode dar o seu amiguinho de oferenda para aliens
how do i play with randoms bc i have no friends lmao
hilarious game! friends and I love it
so poor dont play awful every other game like murky divers and lethal company beats this dont taste your time
Its ok
es muy divertido con amigos y si no los tienes pues es un poco aburrido o te puede dar miedo y el chat es re divertido y la vos de proximidad tambien
El viejo ciego pensionista se por las escaleras me y nos un tiro a los 3. 10/10 lo volveria a jugar.
super fun
10 10
super fun need a minimum of 3-4 people to maximize fun
repo
kesinlikle
its alright
I like this game, but I REALLY appreciate the developers. They've been good listeners to feedback from the community, which is very uncommon.
So I implore you: PLEASE change the mascot. Thank you XD
But other than that, it's a super fun game I've played with my friends. (We made a video about it!) Gotta love when developers lean into the jankiness and chaos of game design, letting their players run wild.
robot explodes
scared of the entities until you find out that you can bully nearly all of them whit just a $600 clock
de terror pegar a primeira arma
muito bom!
3
Great game
Why is the only way to play is with friends by sending links? I feel like you should add an online mode. I only played for 10 minutes because I can't play alone.
SEHR COOLES SPIEL
The most fun I've had on a game like this since lethal company. excellent graphics and sound quality. If you've got friends to play this with, you'll have a great time.
abusei dos meus amigos na gameplay 10/10
yes
jes
very funny game to play with friends one thing that i hope will be added is public lobbies because what if none of your friends are online play in public lobby! but yea its a great game to play with friends
My friend Jake gifted me this and he also bought the game for himself and we've had the best horror gaming experience with this game. It is insanely funny and I definitely recommend for you if your looking for a game to joke around and get scared too yk.
Puedo decir, que es uno de los muy pocos juegos que me hicieron pegar alto cagazo y tentarme de risa al mismo tiempo, es excelente 10/10
pd: que pato del orto.
My friend keeps playing his soundboard and it gets him killed. 10/10 game
super funny
Honestly more fun than Lethal!
fun game
Sometimes using valuable items to kill the monster is the best option
A very fun game to play with friend 10/10
FUN AS FUCK
17 10
- 2-3
-
- - Shift Ctrl
-
Le jeu m'a la gerbe, j'ai vomi, en stream :
(Mais sinon le jeu est bien)
Very fun playing with friends
loved it ,i always play it with my friend and itsssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss fun recommend it 10/10
the fact that my friend makes it lot fun <333333333333333333333333333333333333
Shits good
Great game but only if you have friends who have the game i havent managed to play with friends yet and im buzzing to feel free to add me so we can play :)
Good game! Can be very tough
so skibidi :3
nagyon
lustig mit freunden
wau
finally something fun to look to play with friends. beat it
good soup
yes
c'est bien
Amazing with friends and hilarious at all times
peak
quack quack?
yes
Watched my friend get shot by a blind man, proceeded to walk behind another friend and scream "She did it" only get get sniped standing behind her. 10/10 perfect game
Super fun with friends, honestly just way better lethal company!
love this bitch ass game
Yes
if you quack one more fucking time
El mejor juego del mundo:FIRE:
"Kronofogden" simulator gone wild
you start the game, you start to loot, you dont see anything, once you have looted the place entirely, you get oneshot by the biggest, loudest, slowest enemy. 10/10 recommend new underpant.
Bought this game thinking i'd be a good alternative to Lethal Company. Turns out this game is so much better. Not as a clone, but as its own outstanding game. It has a great mix of funny, challenging and scary feautures. And the fact that the developers actually care about what their players have to say is great too. Hope this game makes it big
Scary and funny!
FUNNY
Sehr geiles Spiel!
Fucking wonderful
ALTO JUEGAZO
Mal varsa ama tek 10/10
So much fun! Lots of funny clips when playing with friends!
111
fun
Sehr witziges Koop Game
The Ultimate Shitpost
Es una maravilla de juego, me he reido un monton jugando con mis amigos. Sobre todo lo mejor es poder levantar a tus amigos y hacerles dar vueltas en el aire.
Meilleur jeu de si vous voulez kiffer avec vos potes mais faites gaffe :
-le chasseur a une et un aimbot
les plombs et court partout
-tripotez pas les pieds des monstres quand vous
-ne chopez pas le canard qui va vous venir vous casser les c* prcq il mord
Y en a encore mais je recommande si vous voulez vraiment rigoler
Es la hostia vaya risas
juegazo
Guys add me on steam let's play this game is so much fun with other people.
A
good
PEAK s velkym Q
Hilarious game but really fun
flavor of the month ahh game
worth some good laughs if you play with friends tho
IT IS SO FUNNY YOU SHOUED GET THE GAME R.E.P.O. PLAY IT NOW AHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHH
Um jogo cheio de plagio, em ao inimigo, como a viagem de chihiro, clash of clans, politica brasileira, entre outros.
You can say Nigger in this game
y<c
accidentally obliterated my teammate, 10/10 would do again
gagagaga
I suggest to create some new map styles, items, valuables and monsters. It would make the game much funnier and better if there is more action and monsters.
co-op horrorovka co jsem
jesli chcecie byc zajebisci a nie normi ktory gra w content warning pobierzcie to
if you wanna have the anger of a abusive mother that puts cigritts out on their kids head play this game 5 out of 5 star
lo que mas odio de este mundo son los gordos y los gays
great
awesome
goood
it good
I dont normally write reviews, but holy crap the devs did one hell of a job to make a gem like this game. Most fun i've had in a game for years!
goofy, say gex maybe possible
scary. play it.
very fun to play with friends, the chatting option makes hiding 1000x more funnier
This game is so random
This game is so fun and random
This game haunts me when i sleep whit all random things
and i hate my trolling friends now 10/10!
fucking funny game bro
Got this as a gift from a friend, have since gifted and/or convinced a few friends to get it and participate.
The banner was the only thing that made me cringe away at the initial release, though after receiving it and giving it a chance, it is entertaining.
This physics based game is funny and simple. Love the design of the characters.
It can be solo'd and makes a fun co-op ( it can be played with ANY range of 6 friends (I personally have mainly played duos) once you learn the mechanics of the game you can move through fairly easy. It is great that team mates can be revived at each extraction point. Love that any item really can be a weapon and that monsters can be killed ( as well as their souls holding value), The maps generate randomly it seems; so it gives each level a new take (not always the same). Some of the enemies pose real challenges, especially since they respond to movements and sounds. It makes the game a lil more interesting. The text-to-speech is phenomenal 10/10. It can be pretty funny.
I have laughed a lot, and almost cried a lot, too.
There are moments that can lead to just pure rage.
Though it is random some maps generations can seem a bit repetitive. After a while, it can get a bit underwhelming. Looking forward to future updates.
Matchmaking could be interesting, so that will be fun to see if the devs add it in.
If you enjoy games like Lethal Company, Content Warning, etc. this is a fresh option with a lot of potential.
Genuinely, all-in-all a solid game that can make you laugh.
GOOD GAME
Yes
supa suppa
GOOD GAME
love it, great content
zoki
ve komik bir oyun olunca eminim daha iyi olur ama biz 2 malesef :(
So much fun, reminds me of Lethal Company but with a different twist.
This is one of the best games to play with friends if you want a co-op horror game.
R.E.P.O. 2
Great game, really fun to play with friends. Looking forward to new updates maybe new maps and monsters.
perfeito, eu boto ou boto
yapay zeka
Very fun game! Got a lot of laughs out of this. Better with friends. For the current moment you can only play with friends.
Sehr Gutes Game 10/10 vorallem mit Soundnoard
its the best
Friends love throwing the infinite grenades in the shop at me
10/10
Fun with friends, servers are p2p but glitchy bc netcode doodoo
trop bien
Q
[url=
smash
Played with 4 friends 6 hours straight till 3 am and we have work the following day on a Monday. WORTH IT.
:)
10/10
smash
NICE GAME GOOD FUN
me dan miedo los pelados que flotan
clipfarm to the max ah game
(
gud
clkown game
geiles Koop spiel
cool
komplett geil und witzig!
very good yes
xiaomi
FETTE NAIS
100 100 100
top 3 co-op games ive played with my friends so far. you collect treasures to reach the objectives while hiding from monsters, sometimes hearing your friends scream before they get shotgunned in a room nearby. if you are the last person standing it suddenly feels very lonely and scary lol
I love the fact that my friends and I have so much fun on this. I don't like that there isn't matchmaking. I looooooooooooove that I can play this for hours and still find my self screaming in fear or laughing my butt off. Its a really fun game super cute. just wish there was achievements matchmaking, and maybe some more customization for the characters? Please please please never do a season pass unless we can make our money back every season through the pass. Thank you for this great game. Can't say anything about single player mode because I can't play by myself since i'm such a puspus.
Ano!
meh
hay que tener amigos para jugarlo, pero yo no tengo amigos, pero esta wenu
10 10
Android
Polecam alegrowicza
no
It's good to spam ( in the chat
very fun with friends
BEST GAME EVER
jbl
12 9
100%
Nice game
polecam fajno haj
Top
divertido para jugar con amigos por las risas o por intentar llegar lo lejos posibles. (lo regalaria si pudiera)
Cured my chronic ass pain
GOTY
bebek
REPO is a small fun game that doesnt go too hard on the horror making it plenty of fun with freinds
Vraiment fun
grate game
its kinda funny at the start, but it just gets repetitive
This game is amazing and crazy all at the same time way better with more people but still amazing all in its self
10 11
super duper
oyun iyi varsa tabii
fun but use weapons more fun
Best funny, scary game to enjoy with friends!
J'adore
avec des amis c'est encore meilleur
troooopppppppppp drrrrrroooooooollllleeeeee
cool
juego culiao weno, para jugar en descarguenlo culiaos esta goooooood
goofier lethal company + upgraded content warning x wobbly life physics = super fun
this game is 1000000% better drunk. I love this game
10/10 would flush self down the toilet again
10 2
8 10
Duck Duck is annoying, but gud game
imba
The fact that i cant reconnect to a game when ive crashed is an immediate deal breaker
PLEASE FIX THIS
3 cause: client timeout
Lethel company with no timer, very fun
love this game! its the perfect combination of fun and scary.
birlikte oluyor, bazen sesten bir oyun varsa ve kazara bile olsa bu oyun tam size
XD
5
Got head and then revived, the head came back, I was then revived again. 10/10 would die again
i played for like 15 mninutes
everyone else in the team is dead
my heartrate is at 300
I also got a bad hangover
Literally thought i was gonna pass out
I guess 10/10 in scaring the shit out of me
Had many fun games with friends I also refer this "Know wich friends you can trust moving furniture simulator"
10 10
gooooooooooood
games are a lot of fun when you have good mates to play with! Join the discord there are always groups looking for players to run a game!
sigg
droga pura passano tante ore senza accorgetene ed estremamente consigliato giocarlo con amici stretti :D
fun
pro
Top
This game is the dumbest fun I've had with my friends in a long time.
The in-game TTS really adds to it, but I wish there was a way to have the text appear on the screen in a fixed space, since it's very hard to tell what people are saying sometimes.
I do wish the icon for the game wasn't so fucked up, though. If only it used the Semibots for the icon instead of the cursed emoji.
pene
shift+W+space+Q :)
very fun and silly game. This game is so fun to play with friends and the only way to play with other people is to have them on your friends list btw and there is also single player.
Fun with friends
nehrajte to s kamosema dik
tres drole a plusieurs
Friendly lil duck need to be lifted.
Most fun coop game I've played in a long time. Great time with a few friends.
ja se muzyke puszcze 10/10
Mostly ok.
I must preface this with 'i got it on sale'. I'm not sure what i was expecting for five quid but with all of the hype from content creators, I had hoped this would be a top tier experience.
If you have played Phasmo, Lethal Company, Content warning etc etc then you've probably already played 90% of this game.
Let me start with connection issues. Host disconnects, server deaths, random crashing to desktop.
This put me in a bad mindset about this before I'd even played a round.
The game-play loop is an exercise in frustration. Each new location can take a LOT of time.
1.Find treasure, try not to bounce it off passing team mates or within an inch of any scenery.
2.If you managed that, put it in your cart, carry cart to next room.
3.Get jumped by any level of monster that is capable of 1 shotting you because you have so little stamina, even making it out of LoS is a chore.
4.If you survive, watch as that same monster destroys your loot total.
5.Sigh, start back at the beginning of the loop.
6.Finally get enough loot to hand in, find hand in location and then, get told to head to your ship.
7.Dodge every monster that has now decided the last 100 yards between you and your ship is a great place to camp.
8.Leave, rinse, repeat.
The most powerful of beasties can appear in your first ride. The game is merciless on this front and completely ignores pacing.
Playing solo, is even more of a chore than the group play.
The Positives -
Graphics looking crisp, can't complain.
Character mouth and eye movement is fantastic. Sets this apart from other games in the same genre.
The moments between me and my group were awesome. Was that because of the game or because of the people i game with? Not sure.
super fun
gercekte oe arkadaslariniz varsa eline verip intikam alib eglenmek icin asiri guzel oyun
Masaya nagkupalan kami
Jogo muito bom para jogar com amigos multiplayer vale a pena
cool game but fix disconnecting issue
otimo ver meu amigos ser molestado pelos monstros
Funny, would recomend
so dumb i love it
fire
mein freund verarscht nur mich sehr gut
crazy how cool, scary and funny this game is 10/10 game of the year
android phone come to life
Please add Ukrainian language to the game
super goofy and fun
Ist cool
Most fun 3 hours I've ever had. I'd recommend playing with a full lobby, or with about 3 or more people to enhance your experience.
Fun game for friends! 100% recommend!
its actually so good
zajebista i dd
Great game.
Mascot makes first impression look garbage though
when will you add matchmaking
Me and my mate spent 1 hour in our 5th level solely because we kept accidentally breaking shit. Every minute was eventful
god
Lethal Company sevenlere
Adoroooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
prob theworst game i have played in a while, its hella booring the game is just trash, i dont understand anything. 1/10 i rather play lethal then this piece of crap
Best time with friends, won't lie!
este juego de terror tiene muchos monstruos! es increible no lo jueges si te dan miedo los monstruos! preparate pare vivir una experiencia de terror!
fdgdsg
total geil vorallem wenn man von seinem eigenen kameraden geopfert wurde.
its cool
goud
Taxman ebaniy sin shluxi
Extremely fun game with friends, worth the $10.
This game is super fun and our friends love to play it often but the lack of controller support is killing our Rally X and Steam Deck friends. Steam Input and button mapping literally is useless. Please please please bring controller support.
TL;DR
The game is awesome., buy it, you wont regret it.
Feedback:
CONTROLLER + Match Making please!
des heures de fun
You die a lot but with friends this game is hella fun
Le falta un modo online el resto buen juego
Extra big size
Legit the best co-op horror game to release yet. Shit's peak, buy it.
As a person who HATES horror games.this one is still great. Its just silly enough to be fun for me.
10 10
Its fun
The game is great at lower levels with 2-3 extraction points. Once you get to the levels with 4+ extraction points, you can unfortunately run into a problem of having no items left to complete the quota. You may say, well hey, the game definitely gives you 2-3 times more items than you need to complete the quota. This is true, but when you have 6 idiots fumbling around, items tend to lose their monetary value pretty fast. At the very least, the game should force end when you obviously don't have enough money to complete the extraction. Instead, the one or two people still alive walk around aimlessly with no way of winning or even losing the game outside of killing themselves to monsters or self destructing from the menu. Unwinnable situations make game unfun. :(
muy divertido
I almost shat my pants multiple times.
10/10.
10 10
goz
I think R.E.P.O is an good game but i noticed one very anoying thing.
The Eye is very unfair and broken and also its an fun killer when its spawn at the truck.
The same with The Mantilist hes also to broken.
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
double yew double yew double yew double yew double yew
please invert the computer mouse on the y axis
Pretty boring right now go play lethal company instead
Fun game to play with friends
i'm obsessed. can't stop, won't stop. my friends are tired of me asking to play. i love it so much.
PERFECT
-Jak pan zarabia na
-
-Co Pan kradnie?
-Co popadnie. Co w wpadnie.
repo is pure insanity i love it
First time I played it I screamed to the point where my throat was sore the day afterwards, very fun game!
good game fun w friends
ooooohhhhhhh chaini
Threw my friend of five years down a hole 10/10
lethal company but sillier
Muy divertido con colegas, risas aseguradas
RUH RUH RUH RUH RUH RUH RUH RUH REEEEEEEEPOOOOO AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
FODA
funny
very good game
Upvote when they fix the Prox chat breaking for thousands of people
ank neger
4
fun
repo deez nuts.
This game is actually a ton of fun and a lot more accessible than other games in this genre, which is nice as someone with poor vision. However, the developer really needs to reconsider their branding for this title. The "cursed" emoji dissuaded me and my friend group from playing this game for a hot minute; makes it look like a Roblox horror game.
repo
4TW5AERRWERW
goob game
8
5 10 10
im more scared of the duck
it is funny when you play with people
bao demais
odeio todos meus amigos
fun
Big Fun
Hab mir das Game mal :) Ist 1A FUNNY XD.ich suche noch Mitspieler die Lust bzw die selbst noch welche suche ;) dann ich gern dabei!
Funny asf
gra
Geiler Shit. Wenn man Freunde hat die einen permanent Trollen wird das Spielerlebnis deutlich gesteigert. Wer braucht schon Monster, wenn die eigenen Mates hinter einem mit der Granate warten.
very good
legal
Un bon jeu optimiser pour importe quel PC l'IA pour le chat est super vraiment entre amis vous pouvez que rire Les devs ont de futur projets ambitieux et pour ce prix c'est raisonnable Mieux que lethal company ou content warning pour moi
me cague y despues me rei 10/10
c'est marrant comme jeu
really fun
very funny and scary at times
fire trust
foda eh foda
super fun game espesially if u are new
buenisimo
Funny robot game very funny
ottimo gioco per giocare in compagnia con gli amici, per essere appena uscito, a livello tecnico veramente ben fatto!
Cerco anche gente per giocare in caso add me oppure entrare in questo server
yes
fun af so good
lethal was competition
Excelent (1m79) et 8cm
10 10
COOL
very nice
Amazingly fun game with friends. Highly recommend.
Sehr viel
8 hours in two days, way better than lethal company and animal company (sorry) it makes even failing fun with the winner of losers, better and more scary monsters, and. do i want this to be an essay.
i finally kill monster
I love sacrificing me own to survive another day (:
muito divertido com amigos
i wish more of my friends had this
very good game I play the game hear something I laughed and get 200 pump in the head, off a old grandpa very nice game 100% recommended.
le type de la pp a les chiko qu1 pote a moi donc le jeu est vraiment
Very fun
Much Fun, much death, much screaming, very good
-
adwd
Absolute blast! played it with two friends and it kept getting better! :D but we are also useless at team work! love it
watch our play through if you cannot decide!:
Intothefray
gud
great game
bastante buen juego para pegarle horas con amigos
game of the year
Baum, comprar.
Very gud game. Funny voices xD
biiiien
Very fun :D
fun
very fun with friends
zika
Play it while its in hype like Lethal Company was. Had so much laugh.
Really cool, really good
yes
better than lethal company
I scream a lot.
Goty of the year del
yay
It is very fun to play with friends
banger a faire entre potes mais sah le jeu est dur
Really fun time playing that game
Very fun ass game. I'm a lil weenie when it comes to horror and this is playable. Makes for some hilarious times with your friends.
Only changes I'd suggest as of right now:
-being able to see how much profit was lost at the end of each round due to damages (so you can blame your friends lmao)
-more customization to the characters or armors (funny skins/hats)
-map upgrade to see where your friends are - in separation from the number upgrade
-possible map radar upgrade to see nearby enemies
-make the game slightly more interactive when dead? Sometimes it takes a long while before you can revive
Overall, I look forward to see how the game progresses in the future with updates i highly recommend this game to anyone.
pretty fun
9/10
on se fait bieng chier
COOL GAME
gogogogo
This is by far one of the funniest and scariest games i have ever played and the eyes they are so good and make situations even funnier
Gros banger ce jeux depuis leurs compte insta ou on voyait des clips avant que ca sorte et vraiment je conseille ce jeux a plusieurs entre pote c'est une masterclass
ie bune
si
Amazing with friends, and worth the $10. I really look forward to mod support and updates!
Banger
-
Fun when you have friends
soundpad
Very fun. Good way to bond with friends and so some silly things to scare each other.
TAP the duck *kwa* *KWA*
Das Spiel macht mega wenn man es mit Freunden spielen tut xD
Die Figuren sind einfach nur witzig, allein schon wie sie schauen und reden xD
Schade nur das du nur zusehen kannst wenn du gestorben bist, wenn man wenigstens als Geist noch rum laufen ohne mit den lebenden zu reden oder Sachen zu sammel, das oder man spielt seinen Freunden als toter streiche, das hier so gut passen :-)
Es ist auf jedenfall zu Empfehlen xD
Fino
bao demais
JOGUE COM AMIGOS
very very fun game, its kinda difficult to play on mac and you also need friends or else its pretty hard to play with other people
gut gam
pretty silly fun game
pendrek
10/10
bussin
soundpad
njg
better than lethal company
robot game fun
okijhu
way better than lethal company
For a 10USD game, definitely worth the chaos that surrounds playing this game with friends. I just spent 3 late night hours playing this game with a bunch of my friends and I couldn't stop laughing the entire time; from hiding with friends in a bathtub being unable to look at them due to the stupid hilarious look on the character's faces to hiding on top of boxes in complete silence only to hear one of my friend's fire alarms chirp causing me to giggle and alert the monster.
Definitely worth my 10USD. Thank you.
bestes spiel ever game desa jahres
me meti a chorear en una casa y me cago a tiros un ciego, volvi a mi casa prendi la pc y me puse a jugar al R.E.P.O 10/10
bue bom apas
Spiel, Spannung, Hass, Freundschaften und dass alles in einem Umzugssimulator.
easily the funniest horror game i've ever played, watching my friend's mouth open like a kettle as they scream for my help has brought me joy.
This is the best game
Very fun game
es ist eine gutes spiel. es macht super und es ist fett funny.
Sehr cooles spiel wie Lethal Company
15 -
baLLS
repo + soundpad
Moin ist gut aber mates sind schlecht
nerfeen a la tijeras
it has the most goofy things happening
zajebiste do jedzenia drozdzowki z maslem
Jogo muito viciante! Gostaria que tivesse como entrar com nem tudo perfeito. Espero que cada vez mais adicionem coisas novas!
shit game.
:steamhappy:
fucking shit
very funy and scary
10 100
Tokyo Drift.
Hamburger :)
Good to play with friends, but solo it's kind of boring.
es para jijearte con los jijolines
I appreciate the offer, but I'm going to have to say no this time. I'm just not in the mood to play right now. Sometimes, I really need a bit of downtime or some quiet time to myself, and today happens to be one of those days. I hope you understand! Maybe we can find another time to play together in the future. It's always great to have fun, but I think I'm better off sitting this one out. Thanks for thinking of me, though!
haha funny robot go diediediediediediedie
3 10 10
bon jogo
poned soporte para mando! hasta hace unos dias si podia jugar con mando ahora no puedo
fire (i said it better than that noats guy)
C BIEN
All the death and screaming you could ask for
raped by some clown 10/10
Un putisimo chiste de juego.
A lot of fun and a lot of laughs. Remember, if you throw your friends into a pit, they can't tell everyone else that you broke a plate!
tak. kocham w to szczegulnie z znajomymi
FUNNYYYYYY
its fun
10 10 3
ta gracioso
GEILES GAME MACHT LAUNE MEIN LIEBLINGS GEGNER DER BLINDE TYP MIT WAFFE
INKOMPETENTES PERSONAL (freunde) SCHAFFEN NICHT VASE ZU HEBEN LUL
ITS the GREATEST GAME OAT! One problem with it. Danni wont hop on the damn game, she gets A MILLION INVITES A DAY and is on "Minecraft" already. Not good danni, invited her to server and she joins BUT WONT GET IN VC JACKASS. DANII IF YOUR READING THIS GET ON THE DAMN GAME.
nunca ri tanto em um jogo[
yeet
goofy but fun game
g
Juegazo
god
Lethal company but more enjoyable in my opinion. definitely deserves a high place among those games who follow up the same concept. Cheap, fun, and definitely not a 'one night game' like so many others. 100% worth it!
fix your bull shit servers
repo that shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit
this game is soo funny overpowerd af but fun and scary and like you should 100% play the game
ta weno
Me muero de risa a la vez que paso miedo y me da un ataque de la que 100/10
Perfecto para jugar con amigos.
Divertido y muy entretenido
sick game
funny monkey
cule juego bacano
insane game rlly good with ur friends
"Client Timeout"
the most serious and spookiest gam evr
It's a fun game, although I don't like how voice chat disconnects completely when a friend dies. I think dead players should be able use in game text to chat option live players can see
Dude. fuck, yes.
simplesmente
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
10/10,
THIS GAME IS AMAZING! Solo or Co-op I can run it. I like that in this one you can fight back every single mob. Unlike in lethal. GREAT WORK!
some of the most laughter in a long time - 10/10 game
joguei um pouco sozinho, legal mas fica melhor com amigos, no momento pedi reembolso, mas se algm me chamar pra jogar eu compro novamente
Sinceramente me encanta
fE
9KIUI9UI9U9BVE4535SDCFGHJ
10 10
You can bully your friends and throw them into holes
Greatest game ever
Very good at same time painful game.
hehe head move funny
upd: 5,
If like running from floating heads, smashing garden gnomes, hiding under beds and behinds toilets, then this is game for you!
But in all seriousness if you have group of friends and just want a casual good time this game is a blast.
Game is very fun would recommend to people that enjoy exploration horror games with multiplayer.
My biggest gripe is the holding of tools and weapons. I think the mechanic of lifting items is fun but the weapons you can pick up are not fun IMO. This is just and a skill issue honestly.
Small gripe and a top review mentioned it but why use that shitty emoji as the games Icon so many other things would work better.
Similar to Content Warning and Lethal Company, but it's unique in it's game play, which really surprised me! I think how aggressive/spawning in of the monsters is a delicate balancing act, and this game seems to have done a good job to not immediately overwhelm the player and even have ways to fight back! I love the hiding mechanic, so that you are not just totally at the mercy of the monster. I think this game has a lot of heart and thought put into it.
You can respawn in game! It's done really well so that you 'earn' the respawn. Very creative!
Not a fan of the emoji teeth mascot thing, I thought this game was shovel ware because of it but my friend insisted on the game. He got the play group to buy it and we had a blast! Looking forward to future updates!
I LOVE the in game avatars and that you have so many colors to pick from for it! They are SO cute!
Very fun! I quite enjoy it with my friends :)
Excited to see where this goes in the future <3
um jogo bem legal eu recomendo jogar com amigos, alem de ter chat de voz de profundidade 10/10
10/10 SO FUN and funny. i love the monsters in this game and the way you collect money. reminds me of lethal company but with more players. i also like how the value cam go down if you hit an object on a wall or smth. great game. i reccomend!
360
10/10
what if instead of trying to reach the quota, we would say it's Repo time and repo all over the place
yes
good
boiiii ts game pmo so bad^. its like lethal company with aids
La polla, un descojone, recomendable jugarlo con amigos.
sigma gmae
360
Good Game innit
Game fun as hell
BEST CO-OP GAMES 2025
Fun Game, Needs a Que system.
Getting possessed is haha funny
goated
This game taught me that my friends will never help me move anything expensive
WWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
kupa
I really enjoy this game but please please PLEASE add an invert y-axis option. I know we are the minority but it is so difficult for us to play regular.
Excelente juego para pasarla con amigos 10/10
valid
A third of the round is spent laughing at the text-to-speech: I love it!
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO NO NO NO NO NNOPOOOOO STOP BRO STOP
omaga like this
cvbvbnbnm m,
bv,ekz
mnogo e dobra, xD
-{ Graphics }-
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
-{ Gameplay }-
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
-{ Audio }-
☑ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
-{ Audience }-
☑ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma
-{ PC Requirements }-
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☑ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
-{ Game Size }-
☐ Floppy Disk
☑ Old Fashioned
☐ Workable
☐ Big
☐ Will eat 15% of your 1TB hard drive
☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it
☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data
-{ Difficulty }-
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
-{ Grind }-
☐ Nothing to grind
☑ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
-{ Story }-
☑ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
-{ Game Time }-
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ To infinity and beyond
-{ Price }-
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
-{ Bugs }-
☑ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
-{ ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☑ 9
☐ 10
-{ Author }-
☑
flavor of the month goyslop
Love Love
PS:
repo company
Very nice game.
Seems good but there is no lobbies
incredibly fun
griefing fiesta
saran oyun
The game is very interesting But you need play with your friends The more the better.
Also wer auf Horror und Spannung steht und gern mit Freunden auf chillig ein Game spielen will, den is das Game genau richtig. Es is "gruselig" und meeeeeega lustig.
shits wack
10 10
make blind guys gun usable pls
0/10. 2025
muy divertido para jugar con amigos
BOM
REPO
Client Timeout
incroyable le jeux franchement une
blah blah blah bleh bleh bleh blouh blouh blouh
R.E.P.O more like R.A.P.O the way im getting FUCKED
lepsze od lethal company szybki guide
1. zbieraj duzo hajsu na quote i spokojnie chodz bo jak grasz co op to co chwile bedziesz ziomkowi pod loot wchodzil co niszczy go
2. uwazaj na plemnika bo jak ci walnie to zygac bedziesz
3. jak klauna masz to q kliknij albo controla trzymaj to laser cie nie trafi ale kopniaka ci i tak moze dac
4. nutcrackera mozesz zabic jak zbaitujesz jego pompe np walniesz lootem o ziemie to on to strzeli i ma cooldown to wtedy go podnosisz za glowe albo noge i 9 razy hitasz o ziemie i bierzesz kase z niego
Quack!
very good with firds
GRAB THE DUCK
GRAB THE DUCK
GRAB THE DUCK
GRAB THE DUCK
GRAB THE DUCK
GRAB THE DUCK
~^
Its fun to play with frends
game is fire gets boring fast by yourself the AMAZING with friends
isso aqui loucura
10 10
Jogo muito bom 10/10
-vi meu amigo sendo explodido por um velho com uma shotgun 10/10
-um pato demoniaco e ele comeu meu amigo 10/10
-fui perseguido por um sapo que gira que nem beyblade uma flutuante feia um homenzinho que anda de 4 e muitos outros 10/10
-joguei 8 horas seguidas 10/10
-quebrei um item de 10.000 e culpei o monstro 10/10
total : 10/10
geil
mdr
fun
nice
Super fun game please change the logo on steam that dumbass emoji sucks
GOOBER GAME!
zaebis
If you're looking for a game that makes you feel like you're living on the edge while dodging angry pedestrians, R.E.P.O. will have you hooked. hilarious, chaotic, and it somehow makes you root for a character whose job is literally to take people's things. It's the kind of game where every mission feels like you're starring in your own personal and honestly, who doesn't want that? Plus, if you like stealing cars and avoiding lawsuits, this is practically therapy.
Would I recommend? Absolutely. Just repo my stuff when not looking.
I can really recommend this game. It's a very fun time with a group of friends.
If you love Lethal Company then you're gonna love this.
Devs seem cool and are listening to feedback and they're gonna be fixing some of the problems I had with the game like adding a red line to the extraction site so you dont acidentally destroy some loot.
16+ age rating my ass
A+ hilarious ass game.
fun game, like lethal cumpany, funny moment wahooo yippee poggo game
Play it you won't regret better than lethal
Scho luschtig
o dede 4 zengin sonra gemime bindi onla gittim neyseki ses oyin
very good
in my opinion its a bit more fun than lethal company? but maybe cause i already played lethal to death. trying to carry big items is fun, moreso than just being slowed like in lethal. i recommend.
change emoji banner :3
4
Muy entretenido e ideal para jugar con amigos, las risas no faltan.
muy bueno
fun.
godt spil
best game out there
bip bop
R.I.P
soundpad
Lethal Company,
REALLY fun with people
Fun to play with Friends ofc if u have any.
it gud gaim
AWESOME
Alt+F4
NICE
Amusant
Unheimlich.
Dieses Wort mir in aller Geschwindigkeit in meine wenn ich dieses Spiel beschreiben Das Ambiente in Kombination mit den kleinen, bunten Figuren, die aussehen als sie Kanadier aus South Park, ist ein wahrer Hingucker!
Wie oft ich mich jetzt schon mit meinen zusammen in die Windel gebrettert habe, ist an 2 gar nicht mehr
Genuss, und Abentuer - R.E.P.O deckt alles davon ab!
very funny with friends
ts (this) game is fun
muy divertido
its so goofy its hilarious
jogo mais que joguei um otimo competido contra o lethal company simplismente cinema
It SOOOOO FUNNNN
10/10
R.E.P.O.
P.S
9.5 10
si
good game
imo essa
Lethal Company.
Good game, the more you play it the easier it gets btw
it guud
garrys mod V2
very good game
Chaotic and hilarious, absolute bargain of a game, I urge you to just go in completely blind and don't spoil anything for yourself.
Whilst there are a number of party style horror / get in get out games available, I gotta say this is by far the best i've played.
tenho pra jogar, por enquanto fico com os videos do youtube mesmo kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
very good game
ta entretenio con colegas
fantastic game to play with friends.
alles gut
20/10
best horror game alot of fun and shivers
It's Cheap
It's fun for both solo and multiplayer play
and you can get killed for your own laughter
10/10
This game is hilarious! Had a blast playing with friends
lolek ma autyzm
entao o blender disse hora de repar
e ele repou todo jogo
baby rage
More Very gudi
10 clienttiomeout out of 10 xD
got hit by a money bag by my friend and yeeted down a hole.
10/10 would experience it again
We love repo
10 180 10
Very good game but it will be better if you could join ramdon players tho
10 10
The are NO transgender skins, This game is so transphobic because of that!1111!1!1!1!
pls add sex:3c
[spoiler] Bon joc. [/spoiler]
ist geil
You can murder a child by slamming it repeatedly against the floor 10/10
This game, although it is only in early release at the moment, is the best game I've played since Lethal Company and Content Warning was released. I am super excited for new updates and stuff to come.
Very fun game to play with friends
excelente
Saw cute duck running around a haunted building.
Forgot the first rule of dungeoneering : Never pickup a duck in a dungeon.
Died.
Laughed.
Its very funny. I love it, and it deserved popularity. And it did. 5 stars
the gnomes need a rework, they target items over the player.
W game
Very fun game with friends, can easily lose track of time.
Replay ability is great.
Haven't found any bugs so far.
Endless laughs.
Can run on a potato clock.
10/10
:+1:
Das Game ist witzig aber bringt auch jemanden stark zum ausrasten wenn eine Sache kaputt geht und es keine weiteren gibt muss man alles von neu starten
very funny game with friends
-
jogo muito divertido, devs que escutam a comunidade
love the game
vERY FUN
Buen juego para jugar con amigos y pasar un buen rato cagados de risa
good
good game, I like
funny hihihihihihihihihihihihih
Funny Game 2025.
gut
Recomendado solo y exclusivamente si vas a jugar con amigos.
cause: clienttimeout
Subaa
308
This is a very fun Lethal Company-like game with a lot of charm, and just like LC it has a nice balance of goofiness and horror. Can't wait to see what new stuff gets added in the future.
I didn't know GBF from regular show was here. Bro fell hard anyways good game!
LINGANGULIGANGULIGANGUUUUUU UN VIDEO MA MI JENTE PA PELDEL EL TIEMPO EMPESEMO
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
eeffoc
This is not my normal game. Again, this is not my normal game. That being said, this game shines in multiplayer. Having a great group of 3 to 6 friends that have a great sense of humor, a little (or a lot) of chaos, and are willing to work together to chance the world the devious devs have created takes this game from a 3 to a 5. Play with headphones as the proximity sound is outstanding. The times you are whisper screaming are numerous. This is, IMO, not to be played alone, though you could. It is meant to generate tear streaming laughter when your friend drops that stupid black vase for the 5th time and the gnomes swarm you. And the duck. We all hate the duck. He's the most terrifying monster in the game. No really. Get this game and play with friends, the more the better. (Plays 6) Laugh until you cry. Scream in the dead channel. Thanks, devs.
genuinely better lethal company in every single way
-
-
Great fun, could do with a matchmaking/server hosting games but other than that, good little game.
LOVE IT
10/10
R.E.P.O. It's enough to make a grown man giggle.
Amazing game. Lethal Company walked so this could run.
10 10
I LOVE THIS GAME!
bon jeu les cartes peu
yes
This game is amazing!
Laughed, cried and screamed for my life soooooooo much.
Defiantly try it with your friends!
damn is
There's a game to this? I've spent so much time fooling around in the van and the shop. Great game, great clips. Content creators dream material.
I love this game. its so goofy and funny, like Lethal Company. And i love the 'Moonbase Alpha' Kind of TTS.
The only negative thing about this game is the horrendous emoji thing, it repelled me form getting this game for a bit. Other than that, this is an amazing game that you should try it, and if you dont like it, you can always get a refund (If you meat the requirements).
9.5 / 10!
-Opened game
-Saw duck
-Oh cute! *touch*
-Duck then consumes my soul
-Was in fact, not a cute duck anymore
-Is brought back
-Hears teeth clacking
-Weird, but I do it too when bored, someone must be-
-No, no, no, no, no, nooooooo
-NO NONONONO
10/10, will totally die repeatedly and willingly
Before I got R.E.P.O, I thought it was just another Lethal Company clone. But it's so much more! I am so glad someone was willing to gift!
Funny hra pro i :)
coop video v 5ti zde:
400
Quite possibly the best $13 I have ever spent. I'm honestly impressed with how the small team at semiwork created such a fun, scary and silly game. Can't wait for all the new content to eventually be added once the game starts moving out of early access.
mt divertido
If you just wanna have a great time with friends and just mess around. Then R.E.P.O is for you! I highly recommend this game to others.
niks leuks aan bietje speule in n bak gooie en dan weer opnieuw ook nie eng k@nker saai
100/10
So, so fun and silly and spooky and chaotic! Played this as a group of four, and it was so fun just running around, trying to coordinate lifting and moving heavy items without bonking them on something and lowering their value, figuring out how to survive all the monsters, and "accidentally" murdering each other. Lots of laughs and scares, highly recommend.
My favourite game of 2025
-{ Graphics }-
☐ You forget what reality is
☑ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
-{ Gameplay }-
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
-{ Audio }-
☑ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
-{ Audience }-
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma
-{ PC Requirements }-
☐ Check if you can run paint
☑ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
-{ Game Size }-
☐ Floppy Disk
☑ Old Fashioned
☐ Workable
☐ Big
☐ Will eat 10% of your 1TB hard drive
☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it
☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data
-{ Difficulty }-
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
-{ Grind }-
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☑ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
-{ Story }-
☑ No Story (not that i know of)
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
-{ Game Time }-
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☑ Average
☐ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond
-{ Price }-
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
-{ Bugs }-
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
-{ ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☐ 9
☑ 10
Casual fun
faire entre amis
)
REPO is an absolute masterpiece that brilliantly redefines the gaming experience. From the moment you start playing, you're immersed in a world of unparalleled creativity, gripping narratives, and stunning visuals that are nothing short of breathtaking. The developers have poured their hearts into this game, crafting an adventure that is both profoundly engaging and endlessly rewarding.
The gameplay is seamless and intuitive, making it accessible to both new and seasoned players. The level of detail in the world-building is corner of the game feels alive, with a depth and richness that keeps you coming back for more. The characters are incredibly well-developed, and their stories are both emotionally impactful and genuinely unforgettable. You feel connected to the game's universe in a way that few games can achieve.
One of the standout features of REPO is its innovative mechanics, which add a fresh twist to familiar gameplay elements. These mechanics aren't just gimmicks; they are thoughtfully designed to enhance the overall experience, keeping you constantly intrigued and challenged. The soundtrack deserves special praise, as it perfectly complements the game's atmosphere, drawing you further into its spellbinding world.
In terms of replayability, REPO excels with its multiple paths, choices, and outcomes, ensuring that no two playthroughs are the same. a testament to the developers' dedication to creating a game that players can enjoy over and over again. The community around REPO is also vibrant and passionate, further enriching the experience with shared tips, fan art, and discussions.
To sum it up, REPO
year of the game
Es bueno para jugar con amigos
Amazing game and have loads of fun. Only downside is there needs to be more maps and a way to play with randoms. Still give it a 9/10.
Sacan version para jugar con gente random no tengo amigos q le lo quieran comprar jajaja me lo compre por las wbas
Good game
10 10
This game is so much fun! I love how you can have up to 6 players which can be such chaos, the monsters are very creepy (duck being the cutest and easiest monster to avoid.) The game play is amazing for it being a $10.00 game. I cant wait to see what more updates bring. This is the only game I am playing for now.
Bem divertido para jogar em grupo.
Robt does anything for creator. Robot runs, robot dies, robot tries again. Robot has touched one to many ducklings and has ptsd.
This game is really good but it needs matchmaking ASAP
you had one job bro -2800
mmmm mmmmmm so good and so tasty. add me as a friend please!
bom
I HATE THE FUCKING DUCK
this game is fire
Really funny and fun game but the Mic sometimes doesnt work most times and freezes alot for other people but good game otherwise
I got flushed in the toilet : D
-
-
-
-
-
-
10 AnimalS/10
Yebal
soundpad
don't pick up the duck
bestttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt
best game ever
Ahahaha :0
Lethal company but with a team working.
great game
d
Although I enjoy playing this in Singleplayer, joining with friends is a whole different experience and really brings out the Life of the game. I wish more of my friends would buy it already. I give it 9/10
(gotta leave room for improvement)
(are we getting any big updates soon?)
COOL
Funny times >:3
10/10
What Lethal Company needed to be
Absolute Chaos in its own way but with friends the Horror in the headphones only intensifies!
ce jeux est a mourir de rire je le recommande
love throwing grenades at my friends when we are in the shop
soundpad
This game is the worst optimized game, and i cannot even change my resoltion. wow
This game is loads of fun and the community is great
360 blind sexy man's no scopes/360 i love it
just the text to speech is grate
SoundPad
Running over people has never been more hilarious.
fun with friends
This is the only game so far where I had a door get SWAT kicked into my face by a sleep paralysis demon Clown who then vaporized all my friends with his nose laser, 10/10 I can't stop playing
this game is so much fun and i love it alot and hope i will played more later
belino
Game looks like it has potential! Probably best to wait for more updates till it's a bit more polished though.
- Lobbies or people randomly crash, and you can't join a game in progress, forcing you to re-host from scratch.
- People's in-game audio randomly drops, forcing you to use Discord (not as fun as proximity)
- Basic control options missing (invert Y-axis)
- Initial coordination challenges (moving heavy items together, trying not to break items) are fun, but feel like can get old quickly to become a chore
Piece of shit game gave 50k of value for 60k requirement
GOOD GAME SEEMS LIKE LETHAL COMPANY BUT IPREFER FOR YOU TO BUY LETHAL COMPANY REPO IS HARDER GAME AND LETHAL COMPANY SCARIER THAN REPO AND FUNNY MORE BECAUSE OF THE CREATURES AND THE MAPS
OH OUI
The giant smiley was a bad choice, don't let it fool you: this game is a lot of fun. If you don't like the concept of lethal company style games this isn't going to offer much new for you, but it's got a lot of charm and I'm surprised at how much I enjoyed it my first time playing.
don't be greedy
super fun and hilarious, especially with friends
great
It is the fun
fun,goofy,funny coop
In my opinion, it's even better than Lethal Company! It's one of those games want to play for a few rounds with a group of friends for some pure, chaotic fun! While it's not necessarily scarier than Lethal Company (I personally feel Lethal has a more unsettling vibe), this one is definitely more enjoyable. The android-like character models are hilarious to watch, especially how their heads move when you talk and how their eyes follow your cursor. just great fun!
Another cool aspect is how the game interacts with your voice. If you're not careful and don't keep your mouth shut, the monsters will track you down! This just adds an extra layer of intensity and excitement to the game for me!
For now the only downside I have is that controllers are not really supported atm (you CAN use a controller but it's a disaster lmao). I hope this will change in the future.
0
yes
JBL
very gud gayme
i got shot gulp
It's so good, engaging, with all the physics mechanics and stuff. It should be illegal that's still in early access.
Can't imagine how the release will be
PS: 5.6 hours and still finding new enemies, wth XD
shiiiiiiiiit
uwu
Make guns more accurate. Me want to pew pew without the gun ignoring where its aimed >:C
Te cagas de risa con amigos
[h1] We need Chinese! [/h1]
BTW,in 2025,If your game isn't localized in Chinese, just don't be located in China.
Kaif
very fun, i like to see friends beat up the monsters
Kocham gre nie ma lepszej!, serio taka jest zajebista, I ten dziadyga co ci pompe za 200 daje hahah! Kocham Polecam! <333333
+
juegazo
i love it but put the creep facture up more
Negative review till I stop lagging
It was hard to wait until all my friends had time to play a game together today, but it never loaded and I had no choice but to shut it down, why don't you upgrade the server?
love the game
uy
All of my teammates are f*cking morons and I love them for that.
norm
EARRAPE
poiiioia
funny ahh game
I love this game its so funny and very fun to play with your friends
caramba que jogo bom de se jogar com os amigos, principalmente se usarem soundpad pra colocar efeito sonoro na hora da gameplay 10/10. ps: confie no pato
Anda tertawa, saya pun ikut tertawa xixixi
wow
buena, pajaro malo
R.E.P.O. - R.E.P.O.
Fantastic game, very fun and absolutely hilarious!
360
a piece of art totally
This game rocks. Great to play with friends and family.
Pura agregarme para jugar, no tengo amigos en steam porque no solia utilizarlo
10/10
a
zajebista nowa gra 2025
10 10
geiles game macht ultra viel mit freunden
very funny with friends and even if you dont have friends it super fun just to beat up monsters bacause killing them is very fun
silly funny
Probably one of the best game in 2025
Turn around, see monster, yell, turn the other way, see a monster, yell
The game is pretty fun, mostly with friends, the difficulty is "medium" which makes the game accessible to everyone, learn pattern, find out how to counter monsters and so on,
I personnaly enjoyed the fact that even if your fellas are dead, you can still revive them
Now it's up to further content on this game to happen and remember, don't break your objects
this game is fire i can throw my friends at monsters or into toilets i give it 32 stolen headphones/391 lethal companies in a disk
perfect
This game is very funny with friends. I 100% recommend this game to people who like funny but scary moments in games!
spiel
es un cago de risa el juego de mrd xd
I ran screaming after grabbing what I thought was a baby duck, turns out it was not a baby duck and it turned in to an APEX predetor.I screamed and died infront of my friend
SO FUN AND SCARY! You cant play with randoms so invite me if you get it
200
EU NUNCA RI TANTO NA MINHA VIDA JOGANDO UM JOGUINHO ONLINE COMPREM ESSA OBRA PRIMA IMEDIATAMENTE
da pra tacar coisas nos amiguinhos, perfeito.
Fun game with friends.
30
Great fun with friends. Haven't laughed that hard in a while. Looking forward to what the developers do with the game next.
R.E.P.O. is a great multiplayer game to play with friends. I think this game has great potential for future updates to be even better than it is now. I highly recommend that everyone gets this game to play with friends to experience it for the first time and have fun.
GOOFY AHH game, would recommand fr fr,
a very good game
This game is actually very fun. You can play with friends which is what I would recommend you do, but you can also join their discord and play with really chill people aswell. The gameplay is not repetitive with the shop helping out in various ways, the monsters are annoying but not to the point of it boring you and the overall experience is definitely worth it.
good
tmm
hourglass
> start the game and play few rounds with friends
> enough money to buy upgrades
> your friends steal all of your upgrades, including a health pack
> you die
> the next round you buy a weapon to kill the monsters
> one of your friends attempts Kurt Cobain speedrun any% with it
> second one picks it up and shoots you while playing austrian painter audio through soundboard
10/10, would play with a bunch of turboretarded monkeys again
10/10
Hilarious game and the eyes make it even more fun/funny. Great game for you and your chaotic friends.
Ce jeu est juste trop amusant avec des amis! Jamais autant rit sur un jeu de ce genre Je recommande fortement!
more people u got more torture you get
Orice da nu va jucati cu Zeus
12 10
robot ebet golovu robota
AD;SDSDFSP;DFSDPSADF
180 .10 10.
Extremely fun with friends and kinda hard. Havent made it past day 4 yet sadly due to bad rng.
This game makes me cream
Absolutely amazing how simple it is, yet so damn funny and entertaining! Love it!
this game is great, and everything is cool about it except for the fucking mascot
iyi ama yok:(
Des parties de fou rire entres amies, je recommande
:)
Its a fun gabe but i dont reccomend buying it yet its better to wait for public lobbies since its pretty annoying having to join discord and then friend someone to play with them
nice game
its pretty fun, i strongly believe that upgrades should be 10x cheaper because with them the game is instantly 10x better
125
100 100
It was fun but after a while the fun just died out. Then it comes back
2023: Lethal company
2024: Content warning
2025: R.E.P.O
GUD GAME
Es un juego de terror y gracioso con amigos
Komiq
FRIEND RECOMMENDED THIS GAME TO ME, I DONT USUALLY PLAY HORROR GAMES BUT THIS GAME ITS NOT HORROR, ITS THE OPPOSITE, ITS COMEDY AND I LOVE IT HAHA
10/10
Get scared with your friends! Location based audio makes for a great time. Listen to them scream in another room and choose to use them as a distraction as you try to sneak past with valuables. Lots of great stuff to discover and enjoy together. Best time I've had in a while.
Encountered one bug with the audio that necessitates restart, but such is early access.
imbaaaa
Sehr lustig, kann mann nur empfehlen
10/10,
It's fun to play with friends
j
R.E.P.O sulla falsariga di Lethal Company un giochino horror da giocare sempre e comunque in coop che offre un gameplay a livelli in una di circa 3 ambientazioni diverse, con al suo interno mostri di tutti i tipi e forma, che ti danno la caccia mentre cerchi i tesori per portare a termine l'obbiettivo.
L'anima principale del gioco sta nella sua goofyness che ne fa da nucleo principale, a partire dai personaggi fino ad arrivare anche al modo in cui si rompono gli oggetti.
Il tutti contro tutti alla fine una delle cose divertenti di sempre.
Consiglio
Never have I ever been more glad to go to work
very nice
This game is sick ( in a good way ), i find it more interesting and better than LC.
ya there's bugs here and there but it's early access and that's normal. i normally force my husband to play it with me ( cus i have nobody else that likes this kind of game ) even tho he hates it (he loves me so he's nice to me). i get jump scared like a maniac so i can't stand the single player :X i need my emotional support
blah blah blah bleh bleh bleeehhh bluh bluh bluuhh
oyun
Simple, Wonderful, Chaos.
very good game
es muy buen juego y me encanta que puedo ir en el carrito como si fuera un bebe
Great game to play with autistic friends
zajebista zabawa, nigdzie sie tak nie
This has to be one of the funniest game i have played in year, Playing with more friend the better. You go around the corner and theres something that you have never seen in your life lmao. Played this game for 6 hours and cant wait to play more
Esse jogo MUITO DIVERTIDO. Comprem agora para se arrependerem depois quando o subir, pois o jogo apresenta MUITA qualidade e suficiente para uma excelente sem contar os mods que sendo muito rapidamente.
this game is very fun. i've played for almost 5 hours and I had the time of my life.
Very fun game to play with friends and have a laugh
21 hours on the game and i still can't go past level 8, love that please make it harder
very good game i would reccomend. very fun
Taka zajefajna gierka ubaw po same pachy gramy z kolegami dobrze wiecej takich gier kupuj to stary
NI GG ER
what a game. play this game with your friends and enjoy
sppoky
hayvan gibi toplu daha
jest brechta
Fajna gierka na czarny mnie (bo mnie stary dziad do mnie z muszkietu a na dziecko ze i we mnie i do ogniska ale poza tym spoko
a jeszcze mojego kolege czacha i i
10/10
BLE
BANGEUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUR
Sad that i need play alone for now cause i dont have any friend wich can buy and play r.e.p.o even they dont want but the game so funny but it would be more fun if there was an multiplayer button instead for friends only but game
I was as my group calls it 'force gifted' this to play with friends. The shenanigans that ensued was fantastic. Hiding in silly places, trolling your best friends, and running for your robot life. Little games like this are generally small treasures. If you enjoy Content Warning, Lethal Company or anything else in that wheelhouse you will most certainly enjoy this silly, and very fun little game.
6
Little bit spooky, but it's extremely fun. It can be funny as well.
Great potential. Lots of fun and laughs.
funny
gra do pogrania samemu, lecz z jest jeszcze lepsza. Ciekawe potwory oraz lokacje
I SWEAR I SAW HIM NAKED ON THAT PIRATE SHIP!
my fav game littearly funny when you see the freedom scorching man that is very american with a fucking shotgun sniper from fortnite
wild
+rep
client timeout.
oh my days this game is the most fun i've had since like. forever?
at it's core it seems like a lethal company clone but trust me when i say this game is much, much more then just a simple copy
you can tell the devs put alot of thought and care into this, and that's just plain awesome
highly, HIGHLY reccomend this game :p
(i fucking hate that stupid clown)
so sexy
Me and my friends love playing lethal company and I was told this would be just as fun or more fun due to it being silly. I was hoping o have fun but no the game mechanics are wonky and the movement feels slow and sometimes unresponsive. The enemies kill you too easily and trying to make enough money is impossible without a huge group of friends. You can only play with friends no random lobbies and single player is impossible. DO NOT buy this game and just enjoy lethal company with the long list of fun mods!
R.E.P.O takes the concept of Lethal Company and improves it in a lot of ways, with multiple extraction zones to complete, harder maps with traps, interesting items to collect and also a shop to buy upgrades in that help you proceed. It also offers a way to deal with a lot of the mobs and let's you revive friends during the round.
With mechanics like hiding to avoid monsters it it adds a lot of tense moments and also silly moments when playing with friends.
For me, it's a big improvement over Lethal Company, definitely worth trying out with a couple of friends.
Is good - the better amongus
heres an idea can you put lobbies in the game it will make more fun to play with random strangers
So much fun
amaecing
Manque un peu et les objets sont parfois trop fragile mais banger sinon.
le mode pixellisation et le rendu du jeu est vraiment bien.
Parfois les monstres peuvent se coincer dans le chariot c'est un peu relou.
Super gra polecam, sie swietnie bawic o to przyklady mozna spuscic kolege androjida do kibla i wysrac go mozna tak samo zobaczyc bialego pana smietanke co zabija ludzi jest jakis heluva hotel, stary pijany slepy dzban, jakis gostek glowa duza stary, czarny ministrant, taki moj kolega szymon jest tez i najgorszy to ten niewidzialny pedofil co kradnie androijidy. Gra jest ciekawa tajemnic
This game is SOOOO much fun. I haven't laughed this hard in so long
game itself is great it sure needs some patches and updates but to put the game in a nutshell think about robo robbers with autism overload
10 10
100 10
* *
lazer frog is my mortal enemy
- Be responsible for Cart
- run friends over with cart
- they shout at you
- you do it again
- they see u stand close to cart, they fear
- you traumatise friends
- u pay for their therapy now
- 10/10
(sorry!)
Buena de risas y miedo. Con amigos este juego es un show. Con ganas de ver los mods que puedan salir.
game is scary and fun and multiplayer
what else would you need in a game?
El relog es pura droga
ooooooooooooooooooooo
Tres bon jeux pour se peter une barre avec vos potes (plus on est, plus c'est drole). Je recommande avec aucune hesitation
The game is cool, but the Ping in the game is very much hindered by people who will play on the mobile Internet, it will not be very convenient for them to play the constant pings in the game, I would remove the ping in the game since they are not in the content of vargne and little company, so it's better to remove the ping in this game
10 10
foda que nesse jogo alem de ter que lidar com os monstros tem que lidar com os filhos da puta dos seus amigos (11/10 recomendo)
The text-to-speech its great. My friends and I sat in the shop for ten minutes just using that feature alone.
fun
Wonderful game, not gonna lie, it has most of the things I wished for in a game like this, nieche
you can flush your friend in the toilet
BOMBOMCLATTTTT
Among the coolest low-commitment coop games out there
very fun
I like trains
TE FOCUSEN MAL JAJAJA
GOOD
Farking diabolical. I'll take two 2 please.
funny robot
fun game with friends, and you can play it alone too
Very fun
Trash
Recommend grabbing your friend's head when they have the puking mask, hiding behind doors, and puking on monsters XD. Anyway, great game to play with friends, even though it's a "horror," full of laughs. Cool character mechanics too.
GAMES NEED A SAVE BUTTON. THATS ALL
Un bon jeu amusant, on s'en lasse jamais.
yes
whoever programmed the eyes deserves an award
Epic
5.
-{ Graphics }-
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☐ Good
Decent
☐ Bad
☐ look too long at it
-{ Gameplay }-
☐ Has it really been a year
☐ Very good
Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
-{ Audio }-
☐ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☐ Good
Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ Ears bleed
-{ Audience }-
Kids
Teens
Adults
☐ Grandpa(rents)
-{ PC Requirements }-
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
-{ Difficulty }-
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Many smashed keyboards
-{ Grind }-
☐ Nothing to grind
Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks/achievements
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ Hope you don't have anything planned(especially on events)
-{ Story }-
☐ No Story
Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
-{ Game Time }-
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
To infinity and beyond
-{ Price }-
☐ It's free!(With plenty of microtransactions)
Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
-{ Bugs }-
☐ Never heard of
Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ You have a virus
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
-{ ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☐ 9
☐ 10
Not the game for me but if my friend's are playing i'll hop on. The artstyle is fun, gameplay's alright but you definitely need friends, and generally its good, I still prefer Lethal Company.
Mindenkinek nagyon vicces kis vagytok jobb
richtig lustig lol
10/10
10
R.E.P.O
R.E.P.O- 1-2
super hra
Spawned in for the first time, spent the first minute or two in a hallway changing settings only to be shot in the back by a blind guy using his shotgun as a cane. 10/10
lethal company
this is a good game for people
super gierka do grania z kumplami i dla tych co dzieci
Spiel macht sehr viel
Vorallem die Sanduhr hat mich gekillt :D
R.E.P.O- Jogo bom DMS pra jogar com os manos, muito excelentes e ainda que para tirar muitas risadas combina com os amigos pra jogar que a garantida.
"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA"
- Random can player
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
shit my pants while playing this
ama az
:)
adridri bujarron
This is a very fun game with friends or alone!
This game is very fun to play with a full team! Highly recommended, there are some slight bugs but it does not makes the game hard to play. I'm very excited to see new updates and game play additions they'll offer <3
10 10
very funny and scary nice coop-game!
ce jeu est tres fun a plusieur le concept est sympa l'ambience bien les persos sont droles aussi
que du bonheur dans ce jeu
10 10
i love this game sm
10/10 GOTY
VR
its crazy fun and so much chaos i love it only down side is the voice chat in game kinda cuts off once in a while when u get revied and sometimes other players cant hear u or audio but other than a all around fun experence
entrei no jogo
enchi o carrinho de coisas valiosas
o monstro na escada
ri
morri
10/10
i woke up in a new bugatti
ahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah
Funny and scary. So good.
Hej <3
Best game out there
it good
game made my friend die
Taxman is Jewish?
360
perfect
vrm trop drole
3
11 8
360
goofy ass game, 7.5/10
straight up BANGER
Excelente
Best Multiplayer Horror game ever!
good
kinda like lethal company but way funnier i recomend to everyone
Is good :)
very funny and terrifying basically comedy and horror mixed together you can just fling things around and those things include players and monsters! Very fun I recommend this strongly but you have to play with
friends but still very fun play it for a couple of minutes and you instantly get addicted if you are planning to play this game I have one piece of advice for you Retrieve, Extract, Profit and Operate as a team and hide from the monsters.
Muy buen juego
better than lethal company
10 10
It's so much fun playing it with friends, the fact that the monsters can hear you make it so amazing! Totally recommend it. It's even fun to play it with two people and even alone if you don't get stressed easily xD
fak tumble+speed upgrade
Not a bad game. But the tag of it being "singleplayer" barely is true. It's pretty much forced multiplayer as half the game mechanics don't work in singleplayer. It's a game you NEED friends to play. Randoms were. painful to play with mostly. Didn't hate it, and for $10 it's reasonably priced.
The main reason above all else for a negative review, is the lack of a server/lobby search tool. Which makes it a MASSIVE PAIN IN THE A* to find people to play with.
suppa
I'm paying a development team so I can periodically scream and be scared shitless.
10000000000000000000/100 (my '0' is stuck so we'll go with this)
Lethal Company
de lo mas normal y divertido que podes pasar con amigos
positive review
Really fun and actually well made for once
joines a game
finds a cute duck
tries to put it in cart
duck kills me
10/10
Ist ziemliche Lustig und macht bock
kolega i mnie dziadek
sobretodo la parte donde mis amigos me usan como escudo.
great fun
yippi
stupid game way to hard on your own and theres no option to play with random people needs more work done
this game is very good but wait it comes the fucking monsters that can hear you .Like what i can do when my stupid ahh fat peace of shit (my friends) is stearing down into me
RR
jees
R.E.P.O
crazy fun
best think ever
linga gouli gouli gouli
10 10
/
I highly recommend it to play with friends and have some fun, nah GOTY
fajne
Macht mega Laune vorallem auch der Ingame Talk
c tro rigolo
Everything youve heard about this game is true, its as fun as thhey say it is. Only complaint is a audio glitch with game chat that mutes everbody. once thats fixed the game will be a 10/10.but for now 9/10
Un jeu fun avec un un peu horifique. Je vous conseil de le faire avec des amis c'est fun
4 50
Just entered some lvl 1 mansion.
One little cute duck ran to greet me.
I felt happy and wanted to touch it.
Regreted it instantly.
10/10 i'll touch the duck again
MEGA PRZYJEMNA GIERKA
roflan
Bardzo przyjemnie gra z pozdrawiam
oyun komik aq 3 3 YIRTILDI
uouiououououiuoiuiouuoi
Un jeu qui a du potentiel mais qui est loin fun quand tu d'aller fond dans les objectifs.
Des monstres qui apparaissent trop proche du spawn ce qui a le don de finir des parties rapidement,
Un de bancale, c'est bien de pouvoir revenir en cours de partie quand on est mort mais revenir avec 1pv ne sert a rien, le moindre truc que tu croise te one shot sans aucune chance de survie du monstre le plus ridicule au plus dangereux. Il n'y a pas revenir a 25pv aurait plus au moins tu peux survivre a des monstres qui tape du 2pv et au 10pv car ce sont les les plus courant que l'on peux prendre.
Des spawn de monstres pas du tout aux nombres de joueurs
(Exemple qui m'est : 1er niveau seul je fait mon petit ramassage d'objet, je me suis pour nettoyer la zone a peu 25k dans le chariot et je me retourne une quinzaine de gnomes en quelques seconde, je n'avais plus rien. Je ne pouvais pas me contre autant d'ennemies et donc je n'ai pas pu terminer le niveau
Une de gain pas
Quand tu joue seul au tu termine des games a 28k -32k tu peux acheter plein par contre a partir de 4 joueurs (rappelons que le jeu est 6 joueurs) bah avec la sommes c'est la bagarre entre qui prend quoi. On est jusqu'au niveau 5-6 bah tu gagne 100k - 120k mais une upgrade te 24k (pour la force notamment) bah si chacun pour une pas d'arme pour te ou autre.
Mais aussi les items ont tendances a trop par rapport a ce que tu gagne surtout que certain items/arme de sont inutiles. (Dans le groupe avec lequel je joue ont a jamais la les d'extraction et d'item, les ont en vois qu'un seul d'utile et encore, le canard a jeter.) Mais ce ne sont que nos avis bien
Des Monstres qui manquent
Certains monstres sont beaucoup trop fort et d'autre sont nuls, mais dans beaucoup trop de cas tu peux te stun lock et perdre ta partie a cause d'une combinaison qui rend ta fin autre exemple (Les Hommes invisibles qui te balades sur la carte j'en ai eu 2 sur une partie avec la volante, je me suis fait trimbaler 4 fois quand un te posais l'autre te jusque peux Mais quand la te tape en temps bah tu peux reboot ta game parce que c'est foutu)
Toujours dans le du manque parlons de la Reaper de son vrai nom ou avec des lames la place des bras, si tu as le malheur de te faire toucher alors que tu n'as pas d'abri (un meuble ou une armoire) tu seras stun lock ton globalement.
Et selon moi un autre gros le faite que certain monstre ne font pas de bruit m'ai de me balader tranquillement puis j'ai entendu un hurlement dans mon dos et je suis mort dans la seconde qui suivait. Le jeu se veut horrifique mais c'est pas horrifique c'est
Une physique questionnable dans certain moment quand tu vois ton item pencher d'un coup d'un seul alors que fait 30 secondes que tu le trimballes je suis pas sur que marche comme (Et une petite dose de sel par
Que dire de plus, les nombreux bugs qui ne sont pas va faire deux semaine que y a rien eu niveau patch alors qu'on a des objets qui implosent quand tu les prend, des mobs qui te font traverser le sol, des bugs lors du gain des (le tableau t'affiche 54k de gain et tu 16k (je le dernier point d'extraction donc je n'ai pas eu de sacs des gains en plus que tu quand ce n'est pas ton dernier spot), des items qui ne se retrouve pas dans ton camion etc etc.
Quand j'ai vu leur annonce avec une mise jour de avec du contenu genre une map, un seau, et des expressions du visage. Je me suis dis avant de rajouter sinon sera toujours chiant en fait"
Ce qui me fait voir rouge avec cette maj c'est le fait de rajouter des expressions sur le visage des personnages. Je ne vois pas a quoi sert en fait, quand je vois du jeu de rajouter des choses aussi risible quand a tu n'as pas eu le moindre patch depuis 2 semaines (Pour l'instant)
J'ai pas fait une description de tout ce je pense par rapport aux monstres non plus, que ce soit spawn, ou autre mais bon quand tu retrouve avec des games a 5 canards c'est du dieu que c'est chiant.
Le jeu a bon quand jouer entre pote c'est encore mieux surtout quand tout le monde parce que ton voisin a drop un item a 20k un peu le seul qui est en nous. Mais ils sont par ce manque de prise en charge face a des que je trouve relativement important.
Je passe de bons moments dessus mais ils sont par ce manque de prise en charge face a des que je trouve relativement important.
Bref, que ce jeu sera mis jour un de ces quatre pour ajuster certaines choses et qu'en suite je pourrais recommander ce jeu
use a soundpad
\
ICRR
don't touch his nose.
good gawd this is awesome sauce
funny haha game
leuk
10\10
This is my first review ever on steam because usually I cannot be bothered to leave reviews, BUT HOLY HELL THIS GAME HAD ME ABSOLUTELY CRYING LAUGHING PLAYING WITH 3 OF MY MATES, BRILLIANT GAME.
se jeux est trop bien en milti mais en solo pas trop de fun sinon 10/10
Ok yeah this game is SO MUCH FN FUN!
fun
its really funny and its fun with friends
juegazo con colegas
mal ihtimalle o mal benim) oyun zevkli olabiliyor. market da koyabiliyorsunuz
5 -
6 4,
-
- GAME OVER.
10 10.
oyunun tek 6 kadroyu anadoluya onun
zaebumba
Good
Escape The Backrooms Lethal Company, 1/10
[b]R.E.P.O.
R.E.P.O.
R.E.P.O.
The fearsome predator lurkes in the hallways, waiting to catch you and devour you and your friends entirely. (It's a small duck)
funny ahh game for friends and stuff
10/10
buenardopolis
Apex Predator.
lf
10 10
best co op game, funny and you cannot hate it
Balatro balatres
very good
fUN WIt fwends
Es super divertido, Con Momentos Donde me Cago de miedo tanto como momentos donde me descojono de risa 100% recomendable si tienes amigos.
10/10
360 10 10
Repo :O
best game of the year
Meuilleur vrm incryable je recommande si vous pouvez l'acheter acheter le meuilleur produit steam
a very good investment I really reccomend this game
sigma game, green color repo robot looks like the android robot
se jeu est incroyable tu mes des coup de bat de baseball sur t'es pote
extremly fun except for the toxic kids
nice
this game is such fun go and enjoy with friends! :D
Peak Game, But gets boring Quickly if ur not playing with at least 3 friends
laughing and screaming with friends
it's a great game with really good replayability, maps change around pretty well and the voice chat and tts is great. however, i do have one thing that upsets me, there are times throughout the game where audio from other people just cuts out entirely and it doesn't fix unless the lobby is restarted.
Way better then lethal company.
Definitely one of the games of all time
gooner game
that toddler is an asshole
Content Warning Lethal Company
GG
Best time spent with friends and shenanigans to be had. Not as spooky of a game if anyone is on the fence about the scary element of it. Play for fun, make stupid decisions, make your friends laugh. Yeah, you might die but it'll be worth it.
soundpad)
Great game, only downside is that there arent any public servers that u can join
aparta inutil que rompes el jarron
jbl 10 10
Nagyon szakadni a kicsit a grafika lehetne jobb.
fun goofy game
shit-ton of fun
oyun zurna
11/10
Jest beka i ;) Polecam wszystkim :D
ce jeux vaut vraiment la peine d'etre acheter
trash luck based item collecting game, no progress saves, levels just get harder so theres no way to actually earn enough money, npc randomly appear out of nowhere and you're 1 tapped. coin flip death, risk of rain style, item collecting game. $10 to laugh at how the characters mouth moves.
Its like lethal company but better
hehe
11 10
h
The game has a lot of mechanics and a lot of potential
+ 1
good game
8
6 20
Lethal company, content warning, Hell.
Mega fajnie gra klimacik, grajcie z tymi kolegami z dc. Taki Lethal Company, ale ciut
Rien que pour le chat textuel le jeu 20/20
Love Potion
Yerli yersiz atan bir grubunuz varsa bir oyun. kevin.
Macht mega
game is great with friends.
Mega fajna gra. Zabawa z 10/10. Nie jest tak straszne jak nie lubi ale chce do nich to polecam. Fajne mechaniki. Wszystko fajnie ocena 9.5/10
3 10
Xxx ToP
Keep it up, Semiwork. Add more monsters, weapon, map and unique content. Never stop update.
Nicu
drole
pain
keren
Sehnal jsem partu na tuhle hru abychom si klasicky a srandu. A jsem jsem jako proto jsem si musel zapnout 2 hry abych se nenudil. Jinak fakt Milane a Jirko ty
For the price, the game is fun. It doesnt seem to get boring even after hours of constant play time. With friends the experience is never ending and hilarious.
fsdfsdf
The game made me burst out laughing so hard I dislocated my jaw somehow and it made a wisdom tooth ache. Got the tooth removed last week and now I'm able to play this again. Got one more wisdom tooth remaining so expecting to see it laughed off soon.
cool game nice with friends but theres no matchmaking i think they will add it soon for people with no friends-
:D
very Funny
its like lethal company but shit
[h1]
R.E.P.O,
R.E.P.O.
R.E.P.O
i like this one
Bi korku oyunu bu kadar olamaz
EXCELLENT GAME
3
repo
10\10
THE BEST!
please get rid of the emoji
good game with some funny things and some scary things, the one thing i dont like about the game is that theres no public servers to join right in the game, the only way to join public servers is by going into descusions and adding some total stranger
360 10 10
Open mic is the only way to play. Blast music and get your friends or yourself killed by doing so.
en un mot INCROYABLE
full of wretched creatures.
10/10
Minion! Banana. llol
jeu trop drole
its very fun game
Lethal Company,
Game is a must have with friends. Highly recommend.
6 4 3
110 10
JBL 1000%
Absolutely hilarious game XD
Absolute Chaos in this collect-a-junk game, that is best played with a good group who can handle the chances of causing each other to explode, or ready to flee from some sort of monster,
Its an instant pick up and play, for the time being, these kind of games come for a month or two, hopefully this one can still keep improving!
Super
11 10
lachkick
jbl )
An awesome game with lots of content in it, always a surprise to see what new fun things to discover the levels have. The physics system on the items are amazing, making it really important to plan your strategy and upgrades in advance so you can maximize your loot.
je to hra
10/10 would kill my friends again.
this is so much fun
Great game for fun
Thank god i have friends
Game very good
300 10
You know Lethal Company? That, but alot better.
Worth a buy
idk why i just feel like giving it a thumbs down
10 10
Makes my blood pressure go up
mukammal mukammal
non en sah le jeu il est masterclass grace a ce jeu jme suis des fou rires de zinzin avec mes potes c'etait vraiment banger jme disais avec un de mes potes que le jeu c'etait un lucide x) bref en vrai le jeu il a vraiment du potentielle de malade et je le recommande fortement
It's the most fun game to play with friends, I haven't been able to stop.
8 5
very cool
So another great game like lethal company and content warning Execpt its a bit more content warning style But enough of comparesing This game is about where you play as the freaking Android logo You collect scrap sounds fammiliar but with a twist (obiously) if the scrap falls or gets damaged you dont get as much money of its original price theres also monsters oc course a shop too and a battle area for when you lose i whould recomend it Especially since its only in its first versions so it might get pricy later on i belive this game will be a hit like our other couple of beloved games (: sooo (RECOMENDED)
Pure silliness with an emphasis on sneaking. Even harder laughs with a squad.
eu dei uma tacada em mim mesmo
Not my genre and im still gonna dump 1000 hours on it.
Letal company.
DONUYO
the game is sooooo goooood
2800 10 10
This game was a blast. Had my friends flushing me down a toilet lol
The goals in this game are reasonable with each round, unlike some other in this genre that have had unreachable goals. The monsters are interesting, love the little duck.
Looking forward to seeing what else the game has to offer in future, I'd like to see them add controller support to make it more accessible
szitron to
Definitely would recomment for people who love to have fun with their friends
very scary would recommend
HA
rerwe
YEEEEESSSSSSSSSS
360
profit die repeat 10/10
HE'S PULLING HIS COCK OUT
10 10,
funny game with cool physics, fun with two people but much more fun with 3+
10 repo
Super awesome just everything. It has a fun voice to text system, silly designs, unique mechanics and monsters. It's just all around a great game to get and play with your friends. 10/10 fun!
ugly baby
es increible este juego literalmente es ser simulador de ser un androit via androit muerte a chaifon
Happily ducked, dodged, dipped and dived many times only to die, 25/1 would recomend for those with heart problems
Great experience with friends levels can be challenging later on but awesome game overall <3
A great game for fun even when it get really dumb with friends
i'm scared, terrified, screaming. I would never make my worst enemy deal with this. Yet I keep running it back.
das beste spiel seid lethal company
10 10
Amazing game. I dont think ive laughed so much in my life
game is good.
game cool ts
vachement sympa
its so fany
GREAT
great, a different logo would scare less people off.
c
4
fung ame
Symulator Cygana
Wpadasz do domu i wszystko co
Efekt fakt, wlatujesz z spod Biedronki
Juma nigdy nie
This is honestly better than Lethal Company. Hope they add more monsters and maps!
Es entretenido despues de que le agarras la onda, porque en mi experiencia cada inicio de partida. Si se juega de solo 2 jugadores es muy rapido perder o ganar.
Tal vez entre jueguen mejor se vuelve de la persona xd).
Lo recomiendo mucho, es un juego muy bueno.
it always has to be a game where the monsters always know where you are and have no attack cool down, nice, do not get this rage game, impossible to play
divertido, me estrese pero me pase un buen rato
its a really fun but simple game just make sure u have some friends to play with so its easier
nnice
Super fun game to play with a bunch of your friends. The robot characters are simply hilarious, whether they are deadpan staring and judging you, or talking with their flappy heads. I can't wait to see what the devs bring in the coming updates to keep the game fresh.
Definitely recommend to play with friends.
njg
555+
-got the game
-play with 6 friends
-have fun
10/10
everything's great except the stupid edited emoji banner that is everywhere >:-(
game is funnier with a soundboard. If playing with friends, and they use a soundboard at the wrong moment, you just lost the game, and a friend.
10/10 i lost a couple friends
very fun with friends
si
gud
I had sex in this game
10/10! At least here you can kill some of the monsters + flying lip demon is hilarious xDDDDDD
me gusta jugarlo con mis amigos
niger
fire
Es como Lethal company o Content Warning pero una y esencia distinta, vas a escuchar gemir a tus amigos del miedo
20,
10/10
Uno de los mejores juegos para jugar con amigos
juegazo con amigos
Do you like danger? Have a ton of friends and want to lose them before games end?
LOOK NO FURTHER!
This game is an immense amount of fun with the friends that you play with, with the physics that are in place, making larger objects taking two to three people to carry all while making sure that the item(s) do not get damaged on carrying it to the crate to getting it back to the platform in the designated area counted it to your total teams score. There is eye tracking on characters that you are playing, which creates a immersive effect when looking at each other. The always VOIP-ing setting that they have in place makes the game feel even more immersive, based on that this is communication and staying reliant on being quiet when a monster comes near you and your team mates.
With the same game idea's from the title of "Lethal Company" this game makes it less complicated on the fact that you don't have to travel from outside to back inside of the installation. Instead in this game, you are already tele-ported inside of the facility and the game starts after opening the first door. Gathering as many materials as you can without damaging or destroying the object achieving the minimum amount for each mission that you are on. All while communicating to your friends on when and where the monsters are coming from. With the amazing reactions that you all get out of each other during the course of the play through. The money gathered is shared as a total within the group that you are playing with. You are able to troll your friends that you play with by making the monsters shoot them while in cover thus causing.Friction in the group.
In my opinion, this is a fun game and deserves something to be recognized on how they created this on a basis of playing with friends. Do not let the low resolution of the graphics steer you away, it makes up for on how you play with your friends within the game. This game is fairly new and do not see it going on sale anytime soon if not only for 20%. However, this game is not that much to begin with and do recommend this to get if you are looking for something to play with your pals and have a great time.
No public lobbies.
yum yum yummy game
Very funny game and still has good to come of it
Zajebista gra tylko spore wymagania (trzeba znajomych) bo narazie nie ma matchmakingu ale ma dodany tak polecam najlepiej jak ma
I personally enjoy Lethal Company but R.E.P.O just takes it to a step further to keep the game as chaotic as possibly even when you die you get to come back and have another shot at redemption, great mechanics with the physics reminds me of Amnesia but a little sillier, makes everything extremely risk taking and forces you to think twice, overall this game is FANTASTIC great game just to wind down and enjoy the chaos.
TLDR: pick up the game you won't regret it.
f!
funny and scary! hahahaha poop
[h1] R.E.P.O Dost ve Korku Dolu Anlar! [/h1]
beni Cidden. Bunu bilin ki R.E.P.O sadece bir oyun test eden, sinirleri "Neden bu insanlarla sorusunu sordurtan bir deneyim!
Oyunun basit: Paranormal olaylarla dolu bir yere giriyorsunuz, hayaletli topluyor ve kolay geliyor mi? HAYIR! ekibinizde mutlaka birisi
herkesi tehlikeye
kodu girip
Sizi
Ve ben hep geride kalan oluyorum. Hep!
Oyun atmosfer olarak harika. gerilim dolu ve her bir gibi hissettiriyor. Hayaletler, iblisler ve bilinmeyen derken tansiyon Ses o kadar iyi ki, bir bile kalp krizine sebep olabilir. Ama en korkuncu ne biliyor musunuz? grubuyla oynamak.
✅
korku atmosferi
oynarken kahkaha ve panik garantili
ve
toplama tatmin edici
❌ Eksiler:
karar veren
Cidden, karar veren
Ekibin sizi geride
olarak, R.E.P.O harika bir korku-coop deneyimi, ama sorgulamaya olun. Tek daha az sinir krizi ama nerde o
8.5/10 daha 9.5 verirdim!)
11 10.
6
Fun game but please fix it so you can save progression before quitting out so you don't lose all of you hard earned progress and money.
skull,
Super fun gameplay
If you like games like Lethal Company, this game is 10x more fun if you ask me
fun clip farm for a few hours and thats it
Goated Co Op game, hope it will survive long enough w/ updates
10 10
avanzar en el juego no se, pero reirse a cada momento GOD jasdjsa
best 10$ i've ever spent
very good game but the mascot and emoji theming is terrible
3
this game is really fun and awesome but the mascot of the crying laughing emoji thats secretly very scary makes it look like complete ai slop garbage if you want people to buy the game please do not have that as the central logo
good times x
so much fun
stupid;y beautiful game
10 \ 10
:)
Lethal Company Content Warning.
esta chido
great game
yes
best with friends
3
jbl
10 10
10 10
10 10
10 10
10/10
very good
5
MUITO BOM ESSE JOGO AMEI JOGAR, PRINCIPALMENTE COM AMIGOS FICA MUITO
god, get this freaky emoji away from me!
This was my first ever steam game, and my friends and I had an absolute blast, the horror in this game is creative, the scenery is fantastic, the entities in this game is amazing. When it was time to go into the shop I just caused mayhem with the flashbangs and bombs, and having friendly fire in this game, makes it fun and funny. I highly recommend it, if you're looking for fun late night gaming.
Frying pan goes bonk
its a great game to play with ur friends N to mess around in the game
yes im repoing it, im repoing it oh so good oh my im repoing everywhere
ci
R.E.P.O.
6
1000+
385
me secuestraron para despues ser obliterado por un gordo con un enorme y grueso mazo, 10/10
para jugar con amigos
A 6 player co-op horror game that's pretty similar to Lethal Company, but is full of its own character. Incredibly funny, not particularly scary past jump scared, and overall worth the price the devs are asking.
Please change your fucking mascot though,.it's awful.
Super fun, lethal company but better!
gud game
better lethal. actually funny
the pic for the game is ass nuggets the game its self great
i got raah payed
freaky
10/10
betsy
Lethal company with funny Text to Speech
silly af
Pretty fun when you FUN ASF people to hang out with after a fun day of Drinking and Gaming to curb the depression!
juegazo
Really really fun game. The text to speech is hilarious, the characters are hilarious, even the enemies are funny. And falling to your death in a hole, and seeing the body just get spat back out is beyond hilarious. Genuinely a fun game, and a laugh riot.
Ended up crying laughing with friends while playing it.
Would love to see more players than 6 in a game (I know you can do it with mods, but still).
the emoji branding makes me wanna hurt myself and others. pretty a okay game other than that
Muy divertido y con gran jugabilidad.
XD
BEST 15$ i spent in years i was carrying a bottled boat saw a monster crouched bottle clinked back crouch for cover bottled clinked again monster looked at me like i heard that me and friend crying of laugh later game baby grabbed the money bag out the cart and threw it at frien and 1 shot headshot best laught i had in years
Hilarious game especially with friends, if you the stupid shit your friends do don't make you laugh enough, the monsters join in on the fun to create very unique and ridiculous situations. Devs seem to be already aware of the upsurge in popularity and are already working on new maps, QoL changes, Expressions, etc. 10/10 would recommend!
funny game
Game is very fun, but there needs to be a way to stay connected after an internet hiccup, as any small disconnect will boot you from the lobby entirely.
que buen juego ayuda
A
esta chido te haces grande y chiquito como un pilin con frio y te mueres explotando asi de boom
good soup
"Oooo, Can I get in this?"
10/10 would die again
Needs matchmaking normally, but really good when you find a decent group of people.
jbl
Great game, better with friends
Good early access, great potential, endless replayability at this stage.
Bought it for another mate, will report back soon
Cons: what is the thumbnail
- emojis in game can have a better stylistic property,
but other than that, great job and the other reviews hit the nail on the head below
Seen so many videos about this game, looked very fun but this game just sucks. I get that this game was made with a very small team but jeesh i have seen games made by one person that are 10 times better than this. I don't get the hype on this game. This game its just flat out boring. If i cant sleep I definitely recommend this game for anyone that cant sleep, I would give this game a 1/10, And that's being very generous.
10/10
completely amazing to ply with friends, single player gets quite annoying fast, mainly because this game is meant to be played with friends or a group of people. Either way this game is ridiculously fun and entertaining.
best game
fun
Este juego en hubiese sido el mejor
[h1] so goofy ahh game! [/h1] I LOVE IT! YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAH REPO BABY!
Worth the 10 dollars. Has things to improve, but such a well rounded game. Funny AND scary. Best of both worlds. Get this game and play it with the homies. WAY TO FUN NOT TO!
10/10
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccxcccccxccccxcxxcccccxxxccvcccccxxxccccccccvxxxcccvccxxvxcvvcvcvccccvxvxvfxxgfgcvcvcvxcxvxcvxccvvcv
It's Koo
I got ass touched by clowns and they took my virginity
10 10.
I HAVE A VISION, WE WILL SUCCEED, I CAN SEE TOMORROW
The game present a good experience
The stamina in this game atm is abysmal and whats the point of having a health system when nearly everything shows up suddenly and kills you in 1 hit anyway. The default stamina should be 3 times higher than it is and the game is way too stingy with health. Almost none of the monsters make any noise and even if they do its really quiet and the 3d audio is horrible. 9 times out of 10 they just run around a corner and kill you because you can see them coming. The monster who crawls around really fast and destroys all your loot is obnoxious, I wish there was a mod to get rid of him.
Trying to hit things with items levitating 20 miles away from you feels terrible. Its just a headache.
The game is fun when the monsters actually allow you to play the game.
Do NOT trust that duck!
10 10
GOTY
The characters look so stupid, my friends are screaming, we are dying and or dying laughing. 10/10
100%,
Funky wunky lethal company
11 10
threw up 10/10
REALLY fun with friends! play this with your friends, it's super cheap. if they can't afford it, buy it for them i guess idk !?!(%*
good job
Fun game,
Few Things I Would like being added even tho it already is a very well made early access game : Cosmetic customization, Emotes, New Monsters & A way to Invite people in a existing save file. Also a Progression System like every level you complete you gets some profile exp to level up for unique emote / cosmetics.
rugrat can eat my ass 10/10 gaem
unbelievably peak
mid game.
nah
Buen juego, super divertido para jugar con amigos
My friend told me to download it and the only thing I want "fixed" is for cross platform. i can never find a game that is worth even typing a review for and this one is worth it
Spooky!
esta muy divertido jugarlo con amigos
I just bought this game and realized there are no public servers. Please add this as a feature. Non of my friends would want to play or and it would be fun to play with random people. So I kinda play the game
funniest game in a while
yeh
it rocks when you have a group. had one of the best times in my life
so much fun
GOTY
MOGU MOGU MOGUUUUUUUUU
Fun multipalter, proximity voice chat. It's a pretty simple concept with real time physics. This game is a BLAST.
30
250.
I cant join my friends because it keeps giving me client timeout, I didnt have any problems with any co-op games before after downloading this game.
peak, tossed my friend into one of the monsters and the rest exploded
10/10 would recommend playing
Juegazo
FUN GAME MATE needs updates.
yea
Amazing game when played with others but utter trash when played alone hopefully the single player gets some extreme reworks and I would appreciate some more ways to personalize our little robot.
cole is so sweaty and he is bad and gets mad unlike jerka
Top gear
La verdad esta muy divertido, pero si no le agregan contenido, sera muy olvidadizo el juego
7/10
so scary i pooed
Really fun game!
best game ever
had a bunch of fun and found some fun people to hang out with, this game is awsome.
Es ist der beste den ich je gespielt habe
Burned my friends to death
10/10
Very fun to play with friends
Will die like Content warning and Lethal company
dfaffa
yes
S tier Lethal Company esq game. Very fun with friends or randos
FIX YOUR GAME RIGHT NOWWWWWWWWW
TOP TIER GAME WOULD RECOMMEND PLAYING WITH FRIENDS
The more players the better. Fun game, would
Constantly hitting your friends with the cart is one of the funniest experience ive had in a while
The Deathmatch in the shop and after everybody dies is so much fun too
Dont think twice if you wanna have a fun time and some horror with ur friends, for the price its absolutely worth it
10/10 would recommend
Fun as hell
Never laugh so hard on a game until now. Even better with friends and having fun every second. 100% recommended.
the plant blew up my friend, best game ever
He hits me with the cart.
started playing
ANDROID
W game
yes
Its fire
Ta bueno
super fun do it with friends
11 10
10 10
30 minutes was enough time for me to make my mind and i dont even have friends to play it with yet
HAHAHA
10/10
La crema con galletas
honestly, If you are trying to find a fun game to play with friends, Then this is the game for you. So far I've played 45 hours with friends, and it's been the the light of my week playing with them on this game! 10/10 worth every penny!
JUEGAZO
P.E.R.F.E.I.T.O.
HEE HEE HEE HAW
mt bom
amazing and funner with friends, unless your like me play single player yayyy (They should have lobbies in the game so i'm not lonely and for other's too)
Tops Lethal Company for me!
Lots of fun and a great time!
10 10
No dejen que Jero sea el vivo, NUNCA.
Bom pra jogar com amigos
s tier game
This game's pretty fun and stuff
This game is so much fun! Definitely funny with a group of childish people
funny
funnys
el mejor juego de la bendita vida
A fantastic Co-op horror game! The physics are very fun. Trying to coordinate with your friends while trying to fit a gigantic object through a tiny doorway without damaging it can be quite funny. The movement mechanics are simple but surprisingly deep. You can sprint, slide, tumble through the air, crawl under tight spaces, and even carry your friends around. Hiding from the monsters is always a thrill. There isn't a whole lot of content just yet, but already the game is a blast! Would recommend for Lethal Company enjoyers.
funny game with friends. if u dont have friends u gotta pray
good game, cool devs
dude if your name is niko or ethan or devin bro you gotta gett this game i dont make the rules
si lo juegas con amigos es muy gracioso,y god tier
just like lethal but gen so fun and well made I def recommend
W game
gud game :O
better than skyrim
I like murdering my friends
spawn in
go get things
find scary monster
dies
recommend 10/10
Head kinda scary fr
es mejor que el lethal, colta
Having absolute blast playing this game. No intention to make the other look bad, but this is way better than lethal company imo.
In my limited time with the game, if I had to draw comparisons, it's like a payday money bag extraction mission, Outlast hide and seek, mixed with BOTW magnesis powers. Unique experience for only $10.
very spooky. But in the end its all your friends fault.
5% gameplay
95% blowing your friends up in the shop with grenades
vale la pena, pesa menos de 1Gb y es muy divertido, deberian de tenerlo en idioma tambien.
Very, very fun games - has everything i felt that lethal company and other Quota games were lacking. The models are endearing, it has a single player mode, etc. The game is still in development and it has such a polish to it. The devs also seem open to the modding community as well, which is a major plus. Theyre taking suggestions so earnestly that theyre willing to learn an entire new category of coding for public matchmaking. I hope we'll get speedrun timers and toggle Press To Mute in the future.
Everyone who complains about the stamina is really weird, imo, btw. Like. It's 2K for the stamina in the first store? "ehh stamina only lasts 2 seconds" so buy more? there are upgrades righ there, utterly collected by the player. if they want more money, collect more stuff or murder some of the enemies. It's not horrendously difficult. (Except no-face. idk how that mob works and it's reach is redonkulous.)
Cant sex the R.E.P.O
fun game very peak my friend sucks tho
gun go boom
I would have se* with this game yes it is so fun im conparing it to SE* (PS: Still got the v card Hey im free if your free :). )
good but lvl 7 hard af
i hate my friends
it is funny
The only good thing about this game is the text to speech
Dope game
The Blind Hunter shot me cuz I farted
100/10 would recommend
jogo mtt legal para jogar com seus amigos e sinceramente sozinho da um pouco de medo hahahah
better than lethel company that's for sure the robots are awesome.
This game combines horror and comedy so well. I believe this game will be massive with all the updates coming to the game.
fun
good
Peak
Antes tenia 5 amigos ahora tengo 4 sin duda alguna 10/10 proximo GOTY
Revisen los bugs.
It's funny but it crashes a lot, it's not my computer but it happened to all my friends, out of nowhere the game decides to get us out of the game and we are at the beginning in the menu, also the sound sometimes is kind of bug, we can't hear each other and we need to restart the game.
8
lethal company but it's also half life
and it's also amazing
i
HERMOSO
i love playing with diddy bluds
Good
Most fun time with friends I've had in a long time! 10/10
lo compre la verdad esperando poco hoy se lo digo a muchos que se lo compren es un juego para jugarlo en lo recomiendo
de paso si pueden poner para que unirme en salas de gente ramdom mejor asi conozco nueva gente
Sublime
Best Lethal-like I've played. Fun visuals with the character's mouth moving like muppets, the physics system is tied to the core gameplay which makes it feel janky in a fun way, and there's a mechanic where you play dead to make a monster stop bothering you which I think works really well in this genre of games. 8.8/10
Art or cool rating: Cool
fun gam
hobo joe
extremely fun totally reccomend playing this
10/10 Spooky and silly
Great game stupid game i think im in love
10/10 what a trip never laughed so much.
Really funny game and goo quality. Only complaint is you have to have friends to play
android robot scream as alien chase with duck flying. Head flying all over the place and bombs bursting in the shop.
a good game that has infinite potential right now and caring devs
Muy buen juego, hace una mezcla de lethal company y content warning juntando el terror y lo ironico, esta zarpado me cague de risa con mis amigos ademas sale 5 dolares no es nada re recomendado
Lethal Company if it was good and replayable. Amazing!
After 4 frustrating hours of frequent disconnections, monsters with unclear triggers, loss of item value to the gentlest of floor taps, and arguments with friends, R.E.P.O is not a game I can recommend in good faith to anyone unless you're willing to test the limits of your friendships as well as your patience.
I'm playing on long black dildo it's pretty 10/10
Extremely fun and interesting game, would highly recommend.
needs achievements but it's peak
This game is funny as fuck
><
no mames esta re divertido 5 estrellas
better version of lethal company
GOTY
Would marry in a heartbeat
goated game 100% worth it twin
juegazo
repollo
Very fun game, leads to very hilarious moments and has a very high skill ceiling, puts a great twist on Lethal Company, btw first every review on Steam but this game deserves it.
No tengo amigos
fiye shi
]'
Lethal Company who? Never heard of it.
FUN GAME PLEAE ADD NEW CHARACTERS THO
good
This game is amazing 10/10. The chaos, the hyena laughter that ensues, followed by even more chaos is just awesome.
Demasiado divertido con amigos, solo falta meter mas enemigos y mapas.
ta mu weno faltan mapas y mas enemigos
I like running people over with the cart, peak gameplay.
ever you and on play computer taken to should ive money this computer and the you 9 9-7-9 game is it and fun best spent absolutely game pointer money extraction$friendstakewithawesomeVARIANCE
PURE COMEDY
This game is so fun with friends! 10/10!
:)
blue putple
Apesar de o jogo ter a premissa de terror (Levei susto pra ca*), ele muito quanto mais gente no servidor, mais vai ficando. item quebrando na de um, monstro correndo de outro, o tio Paulo metendo bala com qualquer que tenha e outros momentos mais.
muito bom
divertido
Very fun game, but has its issues. Constant client disconnects, and Proxy VC not working properly. Either me or someone else in the party would go completely quiet and nobody would be able to hear them. Completely out of nowhere and at random times. Had to resort to discord VC not proxy chat quite a few times. Only thing that fixed it was exiting and returning.
Still had a good time, but these issues really almost killed the vibe out of annoyance. My PC and internet are not the issue here either lol.
This game is very fun, I would recommend this to anyone who's looking for a laugh.
B
More Maps Mapas Mapes, Mais Mapas, Mehr Karten, Mappe, Plus de Cartes, Meer Kaarten, Daha Fazla Harita, Map, Map, Mai Multe Fler Kartor, Karttoja, Flere Kart, Flere Kort, Viac Karata, Mapa Gehiago, Mapas, Pli da Mapoj, Daugiau Rohkem Kaardid, Aktar Mapep, Barrachd Mapaichean, Tuilleadh Harta, Ko'proq Xaritalar, Hasyralar, Lebih Banyak Peta, Mas Maraming Mapa, Luwih Akeh Peta, Ramani Zaidi, Taswirai, Mapu Si Iwaju, Ka Amamephu Engeziwe, Iimephu Ezininzi, Limmapa Tse Eketsehileng, Mepu Zvakawanda, Meer Kaarte, Plis Kat Jeyografi, Aswan Llamkaykuna, Juk'ampi Maphanakaxa, Hetave Hueyocan Mopiyalli, Mapu, Eanet Karttat, Ma Mapas Osi, Mekwalo e Mentsi, Makasi Mapu, Sarin-Tany Bebe Kokoa, Mapu Ochulukirapo, Carte Yu Bari, Ko'proq Xaritalar, Planti Map, Mas Mapa, Mas Mapanan, Mahulu e Mapu, Mape, Plante Map, Mapa Mo Rahi Atu, Palapala Hou Aku,
Audio issues, players crashing, internet lag, infinite loading screens, how is this overwhelmingly positive? 5 out of 6 players had all of these issues. This is unplayable
es hermoso
P.E.A.K
very fun and hilarious
Dont feel like playing lethal? this game is a good substitute.
Great game, but if you have zero friends dont buy it lol
Its definitely something to play with friends but like, they can also get you killed if they run their mouths lol
El juego es muy divertido, mas si es con amigos, ojala saquen mas actualizaciones y no lo dejen morir
Nothing in 2025 can beat this
10 10
lethal company
Se me salio la kgada, 10/10
mucho mejor optimizado que Lethal Company, se ve mucho mejor, tiene de nativa sin necesidad de modificar el juego (algo tan y que no tiene Lethal Company), tiene mejor combate, mejor HUD, ademas sacan actualizaciones mas rapido con mas contenido, Simplemente ademas el lethal solo lo salva la comunidad con sus mods, por que el contenido que saca el creador es casi nulo.
I would recommend this to everyone and their friends who are bored this game is so fun me and my friends had a blast there is so many funny moments in this game cant wait to see what this games has next
rfe
very fun me go boom
very good
Un juego muy divertido para jugar con amigos
maldito homem que confia no homem.
funny and amazing potential with the players and items (also make sure you have friends)
goty del
VERY FUN
it's jokes
if you like lethal company or content warning, you will enjoy this game.
get it.
i was exited to play this game then i found out there are no inverted settings on this game now yall loosing 4 new players without trying the game out yall need to think of the inveted players too
instantly hilarious constantly
No importa en que o situaciones te encuentres. De cualquier forma, siempre cosas sin sentidos en la que las risas nunca faltan.
Ni duden en comprarlo, pues, mas si es moda ahora y luego es olvidado, un juego en su biblioteca que siempre listo para que las risas sigan sobrando.
Game constantly has timeout error and audio stops working. Game is currently unplayable, thank you steam for your wonderful refund policy. Stay away from this game if you actually plan on playing it.
great game I love it a lot, although you do need friends and I don't have any who have this game :(
(If someone wants to play please add me)
Jogo muito bomm pra jogar, mais estou precisando de mais gente pra ficar melhor, add ai q nos joga
This is currently my favorite game; as well as my friends! Funny stuff always is happening even when you're not trying to be funny; but we can also tryhard without raging really bad. It's hilarious. I love the character models too, they're so cute! 10/10 game, one of the best in a while!
Muy divertido para jugar con amigos, facil de aprender y muy entretenido por todo lado
lowkey w game
I thought I would never get into this game and then, BAM. i posted on my discord and everyone wants to play now! LOVE THIS GAME!
Only thing I dislike about this game is you have to start completely over if everyone dies. Really sucks
good game
:V
HEY FCKING RET@RDD ASS DEV CHANGE UR FUKCING EMOTEJI OFF THE FHCKING PICTURE UNTUL THEN THIS IS SCAM LOOKING GAME SCAM WARE!SCAM WARE!SCAM WARE!SCAM WARE!SCAM WARE!SCAM WARE!SCAM WARE!SCAM WARE!SCAM WARE!SCAM WARE!SCAM WARE!SCAM WARE!SCAM WARE!SCAM WARE!SCAM WARE!SCAM WARE!SCAM WARE!SCAM WARE!SCAM WARE!SCAM WARE!SCAM WARE!SCAM WARE!SCAM WARE!SCAM WARE!SCAM WARE!SCAM WARE!SCAM WARE!SCAM WARE!SCAM WARE!SCAM WARE!SCAM WARE!SCAM WARE!SCAM WARE!SCAM WARE!SCAM WARE!SCAM WARE!SCAM WARE!SCAM WARE!SCAM WARE!SCAM WARE!SCAM WARE!SCAM WARE!SCAM WARE!
Muito bom e divertido, dei muitas risadas e sustos tambem. compensa demais esse jogo se tiver amigos pra jogar
GREAT GAME! I love it more than my dead dog. Probably one of the most fun party games I have played in a long time.
P.S I just shit my pants
P.S.S This game sucks when it comes to not being able to join mid game
i hope they ruin it with future updates. needs more microtransactions or at least a battlepass
i love this game, one of the better party style games I've played in the last year, i just wish friends could join a game in progress
R.E.P.O is P.E.A.K.O
i like this game
CINEMA (10/10)
vry gud shud play
Yes
It's okay. Gets kinda repetitive after an hour or so. Worth trying if you like leathal company.
Amazing game, but holy crap, please get rid of that damn emojii mascot, its the worst thumbnail known to mankind. It honestly was so off putting to me that I strongly considered not even giving this game a chance because it looks like shovelware, but im glad my brother forced me to play it, its so much fun. The audio design is great!
And If the team is reading this, pee pee poo poo
pro
i like cheese
SOOOOO PEAK
scary and laughter
muy muy bueno :steamhappy:
Its a insane game
Pretty difficult but complex
I really like to play this with my friend with mods !1
hab noch nie so viel und amgst zugleich 10 von 10
I spent an hour running around terrified as my friends all proceeded to lose their minds and go insane. 10/10 would absolutely recommend.
Noch nie so viel mit der Chatfunktion gehabt 10/10 would reccomend spielt das mit eueren ekelhaftesten freunden und ihr werdet haben.
very fun ti play with people, and even by yourself
hermoso juego
good game
10 10
good game but the emojis in both the cover and in-game is kinda cringe.
Great Game.
This game is a fun social extraction game with horror based elements that are used to keep you on your toes. The built in proximity chat enables you to cooperate with your party members to extract the bigger/more expensive items
I feaking adore this game. I love how it combines lethal company with physics that remind me of Content Warning. I'd 100% recommend this game if you enjoy those two games. The only problem I have with the game (and since this game is still new this will prob be changed in the future) is the A.I. of the monsters. I hate how it almost seems like they camp certain rooms for WAY too long. some of the monsters will just camp in the room you're in when you're trying to escape the stage after collecting the money. And since I'm on the topic of the monsters, THE GUN GUY NEEDS TO BE CHANGED. He is blind, but his accuracy with his gun is laughable. the slightest peep you make gets you killed immediately. Overall tho this game is really, really fun and I would recommend you play it!
cummage
I enjoy this game but some things need to be patched. The babies are the most fucking annoying enemies in the entire game. if you're early on in the game and have no weapons there's no way to deal with them and they destroy the items so you are forced to restart the run. I believe that is bad game design.
lethal company fun yes fun
This game is wild.
content warning has some competition
It's quite enjoyable, especially with friends.
BRAH IT AMAZING
fun game to play with friends
fun
jogo pica
O jogo bom, pena que mula que joga comigo, principalmente o Jaime e o Bruno Gamer, o Jaime mais, mas tudo bem, recomendo!
divertido
good
Game is amazing, love sitting in the fridge blasting music and sacrificing my team. I don't know why the developer used an emoji for the main image of the game, it makes the game look like one of those 2 buck games that eat shit. Game is better than other games Ive played with mates.
10/10 Would recommend for those who want to sacrifice their mates to the void
This shit is straight ass. The text-to-speech is funny though.
super fun and funny game
this game is alot of fun when your have people to play with 10/10
it's so fun, I love the thingy that's purple that changes you voice its so funny!:0 :D
Game funny devs cool
I had fun moments put your going to spend over an hr trying not to get into a buggy game where either vc glitches out or people wont load in
super fun games great with friends
i blowededed up
halarious hours of fun, runs well on a 1070/ryzen 5
Cant wait for more updates, and tools/items! Widescreen support would be ideal as well!
The only thing holding the game back at this point is the server timeouts.
si
Worked well last weekend, but now the mics stop working after a few rounds and it has been lagging to the point of unplayability (with everyone having stable internet on discord and everything else). Not playable anymore
very laggy, to the point where no matter who hosts, we all get kicked. unplayable
The game is fun and all, but I have played in total 6 hours and I have been disconnected/crashed out 3 different times. My internet is fine, nothing else is crashing out, just this game. Other than that the game is fun and all when I can actually play it.
Please pick anything else other then that god awful emoji face for a mascot PLEASE
A very fun, goofy horror game. Reminiscent of lethal company, but much more streamlined, chaotic and, honestly, more fun.
Primarily, there is a lot less idle walking in this game. You get dropped right into the danger zone and it's actually a fun challenge to secure the loot instead of being a tedious 5 minute walk to the spaceship each time.
Another big advantage is that playing the game solo is challenging, but not a hopeless endeavour. Multiplayer-oriented time limits are what made lethal company practically impossible to play solo. Meanwhile, REPO has no time constraints whatsoever and all challenges can be overcome with the right strategy at the appropriate pace.
The atmosphere is also on point, filled with creative details, striking a very fine balance between horror and goofy in all the right ways.
It's a steal at 10 euros.
mendig
genuinely a good game
lot's of fun and allows people to play even if they can't add mods great way to hang out and have fun with friends
it's amazing, fun, scary, just full of surprises!
The multiplayer straight up did not work for my friends and I. Each one of us tried hosting to no avail. Games would be very laggy and would time out within a minute or so. I want to like this game, but I can't really play it. Will change this review if I see better results in the future.
Fun game for everyone perfect
One of the greatest party games to be released. i enjoy cracking open few beers and playing this with the homies.
Very fun. Shop is hella dangerous with friends you like to have fun with though. Watch out for the mines.
Very fun game, matchmaking would be nice but some major bugs with voice chat. First time had to restart the game, then my computer for it to even work. Following that to date everytime we lose a game voice chat messes up and the game has to restart in order for it to work. Overall great game so far (nerf shotgun man) Voice chat just needs some patches. Keep up the great work
This game is funny af!
android game so fun and cool. 5 big booms for this games please
This game has made me had the most fun in years out of any game!
Very good, very nice
AMAZING GAME!
Only played the tutorial. There is no invert mouse function in the settings. I only play games with the mouse inverted. Do not ask why. My review will remain negative until this feature is added, then I will re-assess my review. Until that time, it will remain negative.
This game is amazing with friends :)
Gran juego para jugar con tus amigos por las siguientes razones:
-PERSONAJE ANDROID
-HIJOS DE P*TA QUEBRARON EL JARRON
-CHAO AWEONAO (LO TIRA AL VACIO)
10/10
Good
10/10
Juegazo con colegas
ITS VERY FUNNNNNN
Very good time with friends. Lots of laughs, some bugs need fixed like monsters getting stuck/blocked making routes impossible to pass through. Other than that I would give it a solid 9/10
alot of fun and cant wait for more.
Listen. I'm pretty critical about reviews and games. My friends and I (5 others) went in to try this.
Best. $10. I've. Spent. On. Coop!
100% get this with your friend group - you'll absolutely be happy!
Qwack
oyunu son vazonun durup ve neyden hasar bilmesem de hasar yiyip beni
AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME
yes
10 10
WWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
OH MY GOODNESS is this 1 hell of a funny game mixed with some jump scares! Highly recommend to play with friends. The voice changes in game is hilarious! need in game mic.
tabueno
konichiwa arigato gosaaayimas ifkyk ts is pmo ngl aura aura
Yes
everyone gets murdered ,and have fun at the same time
W
constantes de la partida
can i call this game an extraction looter? its a good game, without many bugs and really fun. better than lethal
Acabei de jogar com meus amigos, e que Cada partida traz um desafio novo, mantendo o jogo sempre e tem como enjoar! Meu maxilar doendo de tanto um dos jogos cooperativos mais divertidos que joguei!
cool game
Watched someone play fetty wap before being no scoped by a hunstman
game loves to crash alot
Actually a pretty fun game with friends.
R.E.P.O. es un juego que me a probar, a pesar de que no suelo guiarme por recomendaciones de TikTok ni nada por el estilo. Sin embargo, un amigo en que lo jugara y, tras darle una oportunidad totalmente la pena.
El objetivo del juego es simple: explorar distintos escenarios, como una abandonada, una escuela de o una base en la y recolectar suficientes objetos para cumplir con una cuota. A primera vista, parecer un trabajo normal, pero lo que realmente le da es la presencia de enemigos en cada nivel.
Cada enemigo tiene un comportamiento lo que dificultad y a la partida. Te puedes encontrar con un sapo asesino, un viejo ciego con una escopeta que dispara al menor ruido (te hace pebre a la primera), entre otros peligros. Esto hace que no solo debas preocuparte por recolectar los objetos, sino por moverte con sigilo y trabajar en equipo.
La de recoger objetos, colocarlos en tu carrito y asegurarte de que no se rompan un extra, sobre todo con los objetos En nuestra experiencia, el juego no grandes problemas aunque hubo momentos en los que los enemigos nos atacaban o disparaban sin que contacto directo con ellos, lo cual puede ser frustrante.
Si bien el juego permite jugar en solitario, definitivamente se disfruta con amigos. Recomiendo jugarlo con un grupo de 3-4 personas para maximizar la y la
En R.E.P.O. es un juego innovador dentro de su con simples pero desafiantes y un toque de horror que lo hace interesante. Si buscas una experiencia cooperativa y llena de este juego es una gran
Another great "proxy-chat horror" game. Honestly, really good for dicking around with friends and getting really good laughs even when you're dying.
It's a very fun game! What needs to be improved is the audio can bug out a lot and if you don't have good internet, game may lag. Reiterating, it's a fun game and very funny!
very funni game, a invisible man touched my behind and dragged me into a mega-mind ahh monster, would recommend if you enjoy torturing yourself and your friends, (also fuck the little duck man, he a bitch)
this game is scary good
cant even play, dog sht
Se tiver amigo burro q nem eu de 2 a 1. Ou vai rir mt ou passar mt raiva. Recomendo pq esse jogou tirou minha depressao extrema algumas vezes
you can gang up on and beat up a baby this games sick as fuck
Get it, worth every penny
JUE GA ZO
fun with friends
super buggy but great game
FUN
good
Combines lethal company and content warning and outdoes them by far, good gaem
Got dived into by friend and got launched into acid
Then i installed the game and the same thing happened
Cool game. Being greedy kills you more often than actual enemies
Don't touch the duck.
good
fun solo, i would say its funner with friends but i cant speak from experience
ae ae ae
en todos los sentidos divertido con un toque de dificultad en determinados niveles mis amigos personas sordas divertido grupo america del sur y europa comodo mas personas 20
so sigma
funny
game too good i got addicted and now I BEG MY FRIENDS EVERY DAY PLEASE I NEED THIS 24/7.
TAX MAN IS JUST THAT FUCKING COOOL MAN.
yes
very very very fun
i try not to play games like this one because i find the full potential of the game just doesn't work unless you're playing with someone, but i find myself enjoying playing REPO alone and could play it for hours.
the game was a gift, and i somehow managed to log more hours than my friend who bought it for me LOL. whether you enjoy singleplayer or have a group to bully the huntsman and make fun of him for falling of the stairs, regardless it is a fun experience.
funny robits
GAS
Amazing much love to this game must play. It's super funny and takes a will to go up levels, i have never laugh more in my life than is this game
good game
so much fun
im so scared of dark rooms now
Best game ever. it is very comparable to the popular game, Lethal Company. However, this game is much more enjoyable, and in my experience, it is most fun to play with friends. BEST GAME EVER!
I LOVE IT SO NICE SO FUN YES
r e p o
This game is great, the idea is simple but it worked very well, for me first it was boring, but when i go back to play i enjoyed this, and can't put it down. Only those buy this game who want to play a game with your friends or like lethal company and tired of waiting new update (unfortunetly).
What it's the story?
-It's a lvl based game so the higher you step the harder it get. Just like lethal there is a company(we don't know about it's intentions) who gather scrap and valeubles. That's where you came for the scene. You (and your friends) are robots who risk there "life" to get the money for the quota. The gathered stuff need to be send to the extrection point (in higher level multiple times), and if it's enough money to sell, you need to go back to the baseship. If you not carefull enough the objects are melted down if you hit with it the ground or the monsters. Every level after there is a shop where you can buy itmes that you may help in your way. You can upgrade your characters atributes, or buy some weapons aganist the monsters. The higher level you reach the higher the risk: more monsters and more complex maps.
I really hope this game will have a wonderfull player base, and makes people happy with it's goofy characters. Thank you for the developers and keep up the good work!
elmer fud took my buddys top off
it took 1h just t obe dead while people are waiting for me to die haha worth it
stop disconnecting me
silly game many laughs and screams to go around C:
gud geim
Really fun game so far def worth the 10 bucks give it a try with friends you will love it i also love the muffled sounds when your in a different room the muffled screaming is hilarious!
Incredible.
The game is very fun to play especially with friends as you can do a lot of funny and chaotic stuff together. Loving the Devs as well as they allowed the use of Mods for the players to have extra fun with. Can't wait for the new upcoming updates for the game
yes
NIGGA HEADMan
Hahahaha ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh hahahahaha
spoopy gam
So funny, just a ridiculous game that's fun with friends.
more fun lethal company
ges
isso que jogo bom, prometeu e fez eu perder 7 amigos.
Eu tenho a vontade de acabar com tudo quando jogo isso com amigos
Se jogar isso com meus amigos fosse uma tortura medieval, seria banido por ser muito desumano
Deveria processar meus amigos por danos emocionais
O melhor momento do jogo foi quando meus amigos finalmente quitaram
Experiencia de transcedencia, abandonei a vida humana e adotei a vida de puro sofrimento
Eu chorei por 7 horas na cama depois de jogar isso
Fizeram algo tao curto e simples ser tao cruel e desumano
good fun/kinda scary game. could be scarier but def a good game to play with some friends. devs seem active and taking criticism improve the game. I really hope they add some sort of save feature and other features to make it a game that we can keep coming back to. The game will die quick if they dont add some sort of features to keep players wanting more and coming back.
What does R.E.P.O. even stand for?
one of the best game i have playd
This game makes me goon ngl
The mouths opening when you talk makes this game a 10/10.
cum
W game you can recreate skibidi toilet
very fun
Its a really fun game, I just wished there was matchmaking but i heard they are working on it so itll be on there soon enough.
funny
bro there is a mic bug where you cant talk to anybody, and for me if anybody talks during the loading screen it crashed the game or makes the loading screen was either infinite, the gameplay is good but the monsters arent really scary, with time it will get better 6 adn a half out of 10
up to my shoulders in tts and chewing on mic
best game i have played in years!
My friend spams audio and gets me killed constantly, this shit is so funny
More of a Content Warning replacement than a Lethal Company one
este juego es la mera mamada no dejamos de hacer pendejadas con amigos
cine
I love Lethal Company but honestly enjoy this way more, really nice breath of fresh air for the little co-op horror-comedy genre
progression during a run is meaningful and stealth is viable, it actually feels possible to combat a lot of the enemies once you get the right gear and smarts, and being able to utilize stealth makes it feel like you're never completely screwed
plus, physics = funny
only major criticism is the same as most other people, I really hope they rebrand away from the stupid 'le epic scary creepypasta' youtube thumbnail ass laughing-crying emoji, I think the Tax Man communicating to us using emojis is charming enough but just the specific tryhard 'creepy' emoji on the cover of the game and in the truck/tutorial should be changed imo, it just looks offputting and makes the game look like cheap shovelware at a glance
Jogo bem leve, valor apareceu nenhum bug e divertido pra jogar entre os amigos.
the characters in this game are lowkey hot
Reliance upon discord join links sucks
game is really fun but it doesn't work because of buggy servers
stupid fun
estan bien chistosito los monos jajaja apoco si
Look at this. Who throws out half a pizza?
And look at this couch.
Somebody threw out a whole couch and it's in great shape.
Yeah, you put a little Febreze on that, scrub it out a little bit, it'll look great in your apartment.
You know what?
I know we have a dangerous job to do here, but I'm taking this.
I'm taking this couch.
All right, you ready?
All right, one. two. three.
Easy, easy, easy.
Okay.
Stop, stop, stop, stop.
What? What.?
No, no, no, no. Twist it.
I am.
No, no, no, no, no, other way. You're twisting the wrong way.
What do you want me to do?
Just look down, all right.
Just look at me, look what I'm doing.
You see the way I'm twisting it?
Yeah.
Turn it that way from your end.
Okay.
No, no, no, no, no.
Put it down. Put it down. Just drop it.
All right. All right.
All right, let's.
Just hang on and figure this out.
Han, there are storm troopers all over the place.
Shouldn't we be getting out of here?
All right, okay, all right, okay.
I got it, I know. okay, okay.
Here's what we're gonna do. We're gonna take the cushions off, unscrew the legs, take the mattress out and this whole thing is gonna be a lot simpler.
It's easier than we're making it.
very fun
buen juego ojala no saquen mas
Really good game, great premise, fun with friends but that is only if it works, me and my friend played it with no issues one day and then the very next day we get more friends on it and it just doesn't work, it doesn't let us connect over and over again, then when it finally did work if we got attacked by a monster or anything it would mute on of us and not let us hear each other and we would have to reset our games over and over again to hope it works. I really hope these issues get fixed this game has amazing potential and is so fun when it works, it might've just been a problem for us but if it isn't please fix it and then this game would be like a 10/10.
open bracket closed bracket open bracket closed bracket open bracket closed bracket open bracket closed bracket
best. game. ever.
Funny game play, it really seems to hold up. I hope to see new maps added eventually.
I pay taxes to Uncle Sam and in-game now
Great time with friends. Lots of scares and lots of laughs
yes very good funny game
grandma got me.
great game. fun team work. spooky like lethal company and content warning but more fun
love the game so funny and fun
do not play with throwers
jogo bom pra kct apenas comprem ta em acesso antecipado mas da um pau em um monte de jogo que ja esta na versao final.
Almost a Lethal Company rip off.
Muy buen juego
Very scary but fun with friends it allows you to kill all monsters also you can be dunked in a toilet, fire place, and shoved into a monster, make sure to sacrifices your friends.
i have friends to play this with we have a blast either acting like doom guys against the monsters of the game or running away in fear like little wusses its a great time all round
parfais
Corra, agache, se jogue, seja estourado, pisoteado, comido, cortado e por fim fique borrado de medo.
Mas nada melhor do que fazer tudo isso na dos seus amigos, com cada grito proferido que transforma o medo em algo um pouco
Resumidamente, jogue R.E.P.O, vale muito a pena
super fun got gifted by my friend so we could play, a lot to find out and items to use
Good ass game
ata
So fun especially to play with friends
amazing with friends. unlimited laughs to be had
"is he dead?" "idk let's go check" *back in the main menu* "WHY DID WE GO CHECK?"
just buy it
Divertido demais.
I was friendly fired by a fellow american. 10/10, would play again.
10/10 me vine y me fui, todos mis amigos rompieron todos los platos sobre mi mientras una cabezota me decia como lo mueve esa muchachota
esta bueno el juego SI TENES A M I G O S
9
YES.
might be the best game ever made now that i think about it
Throwing annoying toddlers into deep dark pits with your homies never felt more satisfying.
ES GOD
play it its goofy and very well made make your friends buy it too
a looot of bugs but very fun game with friends. biggest game breaking ones we found are items will break when placing them in the cart and the game freezing server side when monsters are in the room and charging up their attacks. we died really far in the game due to this
1. Touched a duck
2. Saw "Apex Predator"
3 Shat my pants
4. Died
who allowed diddy to crouch and touch me help. ALSO I HAVEN' BEEN DRAGGED BY GNOMES UNLIKE PERFECT. GREAT GAME 10/10 !)?!)
Very fun and entertaining. There are so many small details that the devs coded into the game that just make it. amazing? Been playing for about a week now and we're still finding finding small things here and there
gud.
great fun with friends and a nice spin on lethal company gameplay. I highly recommend
yes
Polished and great game for a steal of a price, especially if lack of Lethal Company lately calls for you to revisit the genre in it's best form.
I need more friends
w
"We're safe. in the safe."
10/10 couldn't stop laughing.
si lo recomiendo
todos os meus amigos morreram pra um ET que disse pra eles comerem cimento via telepatia
10/10
persigma
Great fun with friends, if you liked Lethal Company you will enjoy R.E.P.O. I hope they add more maps as i think 3 doesn't offer much variety.
Careful careful almost to the cart FUCK. it broke.
I thought Content Warning was going to be my fav game but then this game came into my life. This game changed me, it spoke to something deeper than my own heart, it spoke to my destiny. I cant describe the feeling I get but it really helps me understand myself.
GOTY for 2025?
MY PING WAS 3000.
Lethal Company but nice to n00bs
Better better Lethal company
I genuinely like everything about this game!
otimo para jogar com seus amigos incopetentes
Banger
its a fun game but its gets really annoying when i have to reset my game everytime i play so i can fix the chat audio after i lose it mid game
This game is like my Walmart shopping experience.
well done. this game makes me happy. can't wait for match making.
10 out of 10. great game
funny
ABSOLUTE CINEMA!
funny as balls
Had several host and client disconnects while playing in the same household. Gameplay is ok. Very difficult for some new comers and not very forgiving. Would have submitted a neutral review is that was an option.
Fun time with friends
As soon as they can, monsters will camp the only passage to extraction if such a choke point exists. Leads to long boring waits while your teammates sit and wait for them to move enough to slip by. Not fun.
funniest game I have ever played, has its bugs but 100% worth the money
roger american dad
don't let your dirty minded teammates find the hourglass.
fun
Parecido al Lethal Company pero mucho mas divertidoo
lots of screaming, laughing, running
Insane game to play with friends!
good with friends but its good with friends so make sure you
SO FUN!
Throw friends in pit
get rid of that stupid KING minigame. taking up time getting back to the start
scary
Way more fun than I was expecting. Easiest when played with 1 other person, but more teammates mean more laughs. There's only 3 maps at the moment, but I know it's still in early development. Can't wait to see where it goes
Game chat broken and client server is terrible
gud
this game has tts enough said
As I played I was so engrossed I ended up having my possessions Repo'd in real life. As this happened they tried taking my computer causing us to fight and now I have my computer and lots of bruises just to play this game.
Really fun game to play with friends
Muito Bom, a loja um caos, os bichos comicos e o teamwork o meta
VERY GOOD NO LIKE EYE
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
Aaaaaaa
I am on day two of not being able to play due to broken lobbies where voice chat doesn't work or an infinite loading screen. I hope they fix it soon.
game is fun but having tons of problems trying to get into a game
Games pretty fun. You can airstrike your friends by bashing your head into theirs. The one friend i play it with is a stinklet too
good and funny
So much fun and a great time! Especially with friends! easily worth the money. I'm excited for future content and more support for this game, and i look forward to what the devs have in store.
Better than lethal company. Great game to play with friends
funny ash
Voice chat is broken. Nobody can be heard. Just play Lethal Company, at least that game's vc works.
Good game to play with friends.
Fun with friends
Es entretenido jugarlo con amigos, ya sea para pasar el tiempo o ponerse en plan serio y llegar al nivel mas alto posible
fire
KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
fuck the baby love the duck lethal company but you play like goobers
Ganz klar eine fette 10/10.
Spiel installiert - 10 Stunden gespielt und mich mehr bepisst also sonst wo xD
add Yippee
its fun being a canadian
10/10 y god
well well well. good time for a review. game is super buggy tonight. voice chat and everything. rough
mason is a dumbo fart gooner
cinema
detroit simulator
C'est le jeu du merci pour tout
genial para amigos
nigcker
banger
very fun addition to the indie game community. love the intensity of theiving from terrifying amalgamations
Hilarious, great game to play with friends
HEHAHA
passei mais tempo na tela inicial vendo os bixinho abrindo a boca do que jogando.
invadi uma de um cego sniper de 12.
megamente me abdusiu.
meu amigo me jogou no void.
passei 75% do jogo no modo spec.
fui cercado por uma gangue de
eles tiraram meu
morri.
1000/10 recomendo
freaky game
-
this game made me twice as much autsiamldkcxwmlcq;c:!n;kmksdsqldgdfgdfgm;
the h,
very fun and good hehe. Woman with knife hands attacked me and I got touched by a floating ailen :)
Very good game extremely fun with friends would recommend also its worth the small Disk Space which is around 1 GigaByte as of right now
Game is fun, but I would not recommend playing singleplayer, the game was clearly not made for it. But extremely fun with friends.
We've lost too many plates and cups
Literally a better version of Lethal company
game
I love this game, my friend recommended it and said its like lethal company, I was sceptical at first, but after playing it, i realised that compared to lethal this game is the best game on the planet. \
Funny moments, stressful moments and overall a blast. If you have friends or not this game is a whole different experience.
It can go form joking around to locking in.
Please get this game.
PS.
If we support this game, the devs will probably update it every month, we need as much support as possible.
game gud
i love beating up toddlers
Physics based gameplay and multi-checkpoints to clear per mission is a huge improvement to Lethal Company.
TTS based on look direction and crouch state is godly. Would be nice to have that control on lobby screen too.
Enemy designs are interesting and explore the gamut of physics, object interactions, and line of site. Would be good to have some that interact with audio and light if they don't already.
Level designs and visuals are generally pretty interesting, but the maps and procgen definitely need more verticality. Multiple levels with big balconies or catwalks across rooms or upper and lower levels with drop downs between them. Etc.
e dms
way better than lethal company
Lethal Company but more fun
Andei
morri pra um preto
fui revivido
fui bolinado
meu amigo me mato
fui revivido
tomei 200 de um cego
fui revivido
corri
stamina cabo
morri
10/10 recomendo
It is a great to have fun and mess around with friends. I definitely recommend for people just wanting to have a good time.
nunca vi um jogo tao engracado e foda skkss
Entro al juego
Me dice que cree la partida si tengo el mejor pc (no lo tengo)
Le compro el juego a dos amigos
Uno crea la partida
Aparecemos
No sabemos jugar
Salimos y hacemos el tuto
Entramos de nuevo
Conseguimos cosas
Vemos a una mujer chillona (nos cagamos del susto)
Encontramos mas cosas
Mi amigo rompe un objeto de 7.500
Mi otro amigo y yo le ofrecemos de sacrificio a la mujer chillona
Morimos todos
Entramos en una arena de todos contra todos
Muero epicamenta dandome un batazo a mi mismo
Mis dos amigos se intentan matar y uno acaba tirandole una television al otro
Se acaba el juego
10/10 volveria a ser un robogitano otra vez
fun
i hate all of my friends
10/10
wicked fun Honestly a funnier game than lethal company
no no no, you cant run away from mejorah. just let it happen heheh hehehehe eh eh h ehehhehe. STIOP RUNNING STOP RUNNING
good
The most intense couch moving simulator you'll ever play
Fun with people
This silly little robot horror game is pretty rad
There's plenty to do and plenty to see and this game actively has more content coming so it's just gonna get better :D
a
Entra na fase
Pegue a ampulheta
morra de rir kkkkkkkkkkkk
My brother accidentally killed me while trying to blow up his friends and felt really bad afterwards. A+
MUITO BOM
10/10
quem tem amigos, F
goofy androids with funny eyes running around
Love the game but can we not have "hidden" kamikaze into pits while grabbing us? thanks
this game is like a game but BETTER then the game it's so awesome would recommenfd to all download RIGHT NOW!
OTIMO GAME
Game is good but currently proximity chat very buggy and inconsistent
genial
this is a amazing game me and my cousin enjoyed it so much this is scary and hard and its so much fun in the higher levels
love the chat feature, very funny
awsome
really fun with friends and always makes me laugh
pra porra
very nice game i give it an 8/10 for now just cause there isnt too much content yet, but that makes sense since its still in early access.
good
cine
Fun game but every other game started up seems to have issue with either coms not working or just wont load into a game. just stuck on loading screen
it is mostly more funny than scary
I HATE THE RUGRAT IT SUCKS SO BAD WHY DID IT INSTA KILL ME FROM BEHIND I HATE IT. IT RUNS AWAY WHEN I TRY TO KILL THE AND TEH MINUTE I TURN MY BACK I GET 360 NO SCOPED BACKSHOTED FROM BEHIND FROM 300 MILES AWAY
La mejor parte del juego es romper un en la nuca de tu amigo y que dos segundos le duela a todo el equipo porque ese era el que quedaba y ya no completamos la cuota.
A flying head executed my friend and I laughed so hard I nearly died IRL
420/69
this game is worth being single
ima be honest this game is sooo damn fun when u play full stack it brings out the inner child of pure laughing and enjoyment
and the best part is you can slime ya fellow friends with pure excitement and love behind it.
i recommend getting this game and playing it its way better than lethal company with much more fun ways and task u can you can complete
tried playing for an hour, was stuck in loading 90% of the time, better off playing lethal company or content warning
get this great game
R.E.P.O. Really Exhausted, Please Off (Realmente agotado, por favor
R.E.P.O. Random Excuses, Please Overlook (Excusas aleatorias, por favor haz la vista gorda)
R.E.P.O. Ridiculously Entertaining, Possibly Offensive entretenido, posiblemente ofensivo)
good fun game
beginner friendly
even fun solo
the tts is a unique idea
10/10 hoping for more, and alot of variety
down line i have high hopes for this game
Honestly I'd pay $20 for this lol
very good
My favourite lethal-like so far
the amount of times i've screamed on this game is unlike no other
Juegazo
So R.E.P.O. or as it's colloquially called, REPO, is a game that had to have been imagined in the fever dream of some rebellious teenager that was drinking one too many red bulls late at night. This game will have you going from zero to crapping yourself in five minutes flat. And I really mean that last part, YOU WILL SOIL THOSE GOOD TROWSERS because this game has jumpscares, good ones too that really will get you with how unpredictable they are. Your job is to go around in this. truck. ish. looking thing and repossess all sorts of furniture, appliances, and artifacts from wild and zany locations like government facilities, magic-wielding academies, and rich-people mansions. But don't let the PS2-style graphics fool you, this game can go from calm to frantic in a split second if you're not careful. The longer you spend in a location, the more monsters spawn, and they can light your ass up like a machine gunner on crack. The controls are configured in such a way as to be hilariously off-kilter like you are drunk off your ass when you look around, your view swinging wildly whenever you flick your mouse too hard. But this only adds to the charm of the game. You play as a robot muppet and I swear that these guys have a hinge only at the back of their head because when your friends get loud as hell, those heads swing back and forth pretty wildly. You can dash and slide under stuff, as well as fall with style as the game calls it, which means you can basically just ragdoll yourself. The motto of this game is playing with friends, because without the help, a lot of larger artifacts that need more than one person to carry are just off limits to you. And you can play with up to five of your friends in this geriatric banger of a game. Like seriously it gets chaotic the more people you have and when two of them decide to play soundboards, game because you died, but because too busy howling with laughter at someone blasting Darude Sandstorm on repeat while another person is trying to dodge a possessed armchair. Seriously this game opens doors and slams others shut once some clown spawns in and begins yeeting your teammates into the afterlife because they hadn't the thought to quickly dash out of the room and hide under something. This game is a fun-filled clustermosh of grabbing artifacts, dodging monsters, soiling yourself, getting jumpscared by random TVs and making money, and I swear this is the most fun I have had with a game you can grab practically for flipping free, like come on, what's ten bucks? It's a fun filled time with your friends looting out an entire mansion, that's what. My angle on this? Highly recommend it, pick it up if you can, and if not, well, a friend will most likely get this cheap ass gem of a game for you.
i had fun it was awesome
haven't played long at all but thats cause I keep laughing too loud and waking people up
WHAT THE HECK
why is the game not fuggin workinh
I love my friends dragging me onto a mine
fun
Voice chat works 50% of the time.
Honestly the best game! It's just a early access and although it's lacking some content there's still much fun to be had. You can only play with friends tho, which sucks, playing with randos would be fun too.
Looking so forward for the next updates!
Paid $10.00 for this game and cant even play it. this game crashes every 2 minutes and that's not an exaggeration
aight who shit my pants
I shoved my friend into a fireplace and watched him slowly turn into a burnt corpse as he screamed in agonizing pain :D
Lindo maravilhoso.
this game cured my 700 year old turtles arthritis
fireeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
R.E.P.O me parece un juego espectacular, sus funcionalidades y santi culonegro, viva la patria, peron y pegarle a tus hijos si pierde boca, los quiero mucho, oreipuru.
lethal company 2
Its a good game but sometimes it gets busted and you have to do other games but its really fun to play with your friends or family either way!
Sinceramente una obra maestra es un videojuego con mecanicas interesantes y bastante divertidas si lo juegas en solitario o con espero que cuando pueda reproducir la especie humana sea tan bueno como este videojuego
very good
sehr geiles spiel
the game is great, but there are a lot of bugs and the client timeout error makes the game unplayable.
si
game is absolutely fun, it does gets stressful at some point, but overall with friends and everything its all fun and giggles, i love it, i have only tried playing it alone once, but it is kind of hard to master at my end, but super easy to play once u know the controls, i recommend if you want to play with family or friends or even a partner :)
que buen juego me gusta ver a mis amigos gritar ooooh sii digo es muy entretenido y mu bueno espero que el creador del juego sea mi verdadero padre
Such a fun game to play with friends.
Never though I could get raped by an old dude with a gun and a silent black man with a mask at the same time
bullying my friends has never been this fun
zaebis
If you've ever wanted to make your friends laugh and get them killed this game is for you.
Self-destruct sequence cancelled
android robots
fye
EL JUEGO NECESITA MAS IDIOMAS Y MAS MODOS DE JUEGO Y TENER UN NIVEL LIMITE
This game is absolutely hilarious. If you've got friends to play with, even if you don't have microphones, it is absolutely the best time you will have playing a game. Constant laughing, constant screaming.
I've had numerous noise complaints playing this game. Whether i'm screaming at a jump scare, or screaming Katy Perry at the monsters. Game of the year 100%.
Es un buen juego, aunque este en ingles pero se sabra lo y poder entender el juego
Si lo recomendaria he estado jugando con mis amigos y es las risas, pero si juegas con gente que no es de tu idioma alomejor con giris no mola tanto por tema idioma
goofy, spooky, and overall a good time with friends. genuinely awesome :D
robot
A ne pas jouer seul si vous sensible.
super gra straszna fajna hihi
biens
funny
bem bom
BOMB ASS GAME BUY RN
hhhh
actually challenging gameplay
funny with friends
9/10
INTERESANTE
its peak
fun, when Matt allows
fun
biden
no puedo jugar con mis amiguitos, los servidores estan de la mrd
Da pra entender porque das analises positivas, o jogo extremamente "bem feito", tudo funciona muito bem. Mas minhas partidas foram muito entediantes, mesmo com um grupo grande de amigos. Os monstros interessantes de enfrentar e existe nenhuma pra isso, que tem tempo limite pra nada. as partidas arrastadas, onde vai estar e os teus amigos fazendo uma simulator" arrastando alguma coisa pesada por um longo tempo sem absolutamente nada de interessante acontecendo. Pior ainda se tu morrer cedo no round, porque vai ficar 15-20 minutos vendo teus amigos arrastar mobilha.
Very fun party game and also fun single-player. I can tell the devs put a lot of effort into it. It has so much replay-ability and even losing is fun going to the arena.
buggy ahh game, its fun though
great game in its current state - I am sure it will only improve! The item variety is interesting, the enemies are creative. The environments will evolve I am sure, but are passable for now!
Escape the Backrooms: Ein fesselndes Horrorerlebnis
Escape the Backrooms ist ein kooperatives Horror-Erkundungsspiel, das Spieler in die unheimlichen und surrealen Weiten der sogenannten Entwickelt 1 bis 4 Spieler, bietet das Spiel eine einzigartige Mischung aus Spannung, und Teamarbeit, die sowohl Horror-Fans als auch Gelegenheitsspieler ansprechen In dieser Rezension werden wir die verschiedenen Aspekte des Spiels beleuchten, um dir einen umfassenden das Spielerlebnis zu geben.
Handlung und Setting
Die von Escape the Backrooms ist einfach, aber effektiv: Du und dein Team befinden euch in einem endlosen Labyrinth aus leeren, monotonen die von einer unheimlichen durchzogen sind. Die Backrooms sind ein urbaner Mythos, der von der Vorstellung ausgeht, dass man in eine Dimension eintreten kann, die aus endlosen, leeren und Hallen besteht. Die Spieler sich durch diese surrealen Umgebungen bewegen, sie versuchen, den Ausgang zu finden und dabei verschiedenen zu entkommen.
Gameplay
Das Gameplay von Escape the Backrooms ist sowohl herausfordernd als auch fesselnd. Hier sind einige der Hauptmerkmale:
Kooperatives Spiel: Das Spiel erfordert Teamarbeit, um zu und den Ausgang zu finden. Kommunikation ist der da die Spieler Informationen austauschen um voranzukommen.
und Herausforderungen: Die Backrooms sind mit verschiedenen und Herausforderungen gespickt, die die Spieler dazu zwingen, kreativ zu denken und zusammenzuarbeiten. Diese sind gut in die Umgebung integriert und tragen zur Immersion bei.
du durch die Backrooms navigierst, triffst du auf verschiedene die eine Bedrohung darstellen. Diese Kreaturen sind nicht nur gruselig, sondern auch intelligent, was das Spiel noch spannender macht.
Erkundung: Die Erkundung der Backrooms ist ein zentraler Bestandteil des Spiels. Die Umgebung ist reich an Details und bietet zahlreiche Geheimnisse, die es zu entdecken gilt. Spieler verschiedene Wege ausprobieren und herausfinden, welche am besten zum geeignet sind.
Grafik und Sound
Die Grafik von Escape the Backrooms ist beeindruckend und zur unheimlichen des Spiels bei. Die Umgebungen sind detailliert und schaffen ein der Isolation und des Unbehagens. Die Verwendung von Licht und Schatten die Spannung und die Spieler auf der Hut sein.
Der Sound spielt ebenfalls eine entscheidende Rolle im Spielerlebnis. Die unheimlichen und die Soundeffekte sorgen dass die Spieler in Alarmbereitschaft sind. Die Kombination aus visuellen und akustischen Elementen schafft eine dichte die das Spiel unvergesslich macht.
und
Fesselndes Gameplay: Die Kombination aus Erkundung und Horror sorgt ein spannendes Spielerlebnis.
Kooperative Elemente: Das Spiel Teamarbeit und Kommunikation, was es zu einem Erlebnis Freunde macht.
Grafik und Sound: Die visuelle und akustische Gestaltung erheblich zur Immersion bei.
Schwierigkeit: Einige Spieler die Herausforderungen als frustrierend empfinden, insbesondere wenn sie nicht gut im Team arbeiten.
Begrenzter Inhalt: Da das Spiel noch in der Entwicklung ist, der Inhalt begrenzt sein, was die Langzeitmotivation
Fazit
Insgesamt bietet Escape the Backrooms ein einzigartiges und fesselndes Horrorerlebnis, das sowohl Einzelspieler als auch Gruppen geeignet ist. Die Kombination aus spannenden einer unheimlichen und der Notwendigkeit zur Zusammenarbeit macht es zu einem Spiel, das man nicht verpassen sollte.
i got put into the toilet.
AMAZINGGGGGG
markette militan gibi bomba bi anyaya konyaya 10 numara oyun
it's a good game but honestly it's not really scary. in lethal company, i can get scared. i don't know if it's the environments or the monster design itself but the whole game kind of feels like a joke. it's fun and then you realize how basic the monsters AI really is. And then you smash a vase, or you can't escape a level because they placed the highest paying object in a impossible place. And when you do "lose" aka there's not enough money on the map, there's two things you can do. You either wait for monsters to show up and attempt to kill them for loot, or you throw yourself off the map. So most of the time, you don't even realize you lost and you go "wait i think we just lose" and you wander for a bit. The game is fine, definitely needs updates.
c.i.n.e.m.a
entendo quem fala que esse jogo ruim por assusta', o jogo desde o foi feito para assustar, mas sim para rir
mt o jogo e me rendeu boas risadas, comprei esperando e recebi vinho, muito bem otimizado, mal joguei e quero jogar com todos os meus amigos
crazy game
This product made me cream, scream, and grow with the team, life lives on
This game has an awesome multiplayer experience. Super funny and clever items and a plethora horrifying monsters. I cant help to laugh at the silly little bots. For 10$ I highly recommend playing this with your buddies. I'm exited to see this game grow and prosper.
super funny game
50 10
funny game like play with daniel san toast
I blacked out from laughing too hard after throwing my friend into a pit. 10/10
ye
UA:
ENG: Overall, the game isn't bad. But monsters spawn at resurrection points and it's annoying as hell.
one of the most fun collection horror games we have had in a while. super fun to play with friends! cant recommend enough.
can't wait to see some new maps and some new items. maybe some new monsters.
love the current monsters they all have very fun gimmicks, and seem natural and integrated in the maps.
FUNNI
Very good fun gaming!
1.
2.
gamer game
MUY GOD
Mechaniki fajnie rozkminione, jednego trzeba od drugiego wzrok a z trzecim kontakt wzrokowy, postaci jest fajny ale podczas grania ze znajomymi jest go strasznie co powoduje najlepiej ulepszenia dla jednej najlepszej osoby w ekipie. Super jest rozwalenia przedmiotu, gdyby nie to w z pokracznym poruszaniem i trzymaniem gra by nudna przez do LC. Przez dobre 5.5h nie buga czy czegokolwiek co by Mam gra odpowiednio szybko rozwijana bo inaczej upadnie tak samo jak LC, mody. Z mojej strony Rekomendacja <3 jak za szkoda nie :3
Got brutally molested and friend started singing California Girls. 10/10
bla bla bla ble ble ble blu blu blu
this game make me wanna * * * * * * * and then * * in my friends mouth. see-ree-o-slay, this game is the best, 10/10 :O
Just like Gay Sex!
10/10 super funny w friends
Good!
This game is pretty good but it would be even better if it was free I want money back.
a fun game to play with friends
hearing my friends scream is one of the best things
Super fun game to play with friends!
Funniest game ever
Its a fun game with friends, I think the proximity chat should effect the game drawing the creatures to you. But overall a fun game to laugh at with the boys
beste
very fun game :D
Its very fun, most likey play with Friends. Alone is kind hard. But over all a great game for laughs and joy!
MARRY ME TAXMAN
john madden
fuyn
si
Muito bom!
Awesome game
Excelente juego y muy divertido
es muy divertido al jugar con amigos
very fun to play with friends
very fun with friends mods are gay asf though
fun
Fun as hell with friends
pog
The literal only bad thing about this game is the baby and the emojis
fun game with friends
so confused how to kill th emonsters but so funny with friends
Incredibly funny
Muy divertido, mas con amigos,
You can play alone and so much better with friends! TRY IT! i know it looks weird but trust me its funnnn!
Generic bland copy and paste game compared to lethal company. The movement is clunky and the enemy hostile monsters a coinflip of being down right broken are just flat out annoying. The game isn't scary at all, even my first play through i never got scared a single time. The breaking of items mechanics is flat out annoying. The game heavily relies on having a solid friend group to have some fun, and half of that coming from silly goofy mechanics that arent at all to do it with achieving the goal of the actual game ie. last loser standing, grabbing your friend while you shrink yourself, typing in chat with voice to text and the characters mouth moving when you talk. The maps are generic and not well thought out. The AI emojicon picture is just pure lazyness. 2 players is either downright impossible, and 6 people makes it so chaotic to the point where its no longer fun. One thing it does do well is the strategy of the extraction points and balancing the monetary value of your items. This is a much better mechanic compared to lethal. The stamina mechanic is also completely annoying, its way too weak in the early game. You can only sprint for 2 whole seconds.
Buy it! support it. I laughed so hard I needed my rescue inhaler. I bought 4 copies
Funny but scary at the same time 10/10
Crazy Game die Dokels.
OKe c'est rigolo
Not a bad party game to waste time with friends it is indeed a Lethal "clone" but imo much better and more entertaining it defo does get repetitive but its a game that friends make up all the fun rather then the gameplay concept itself defo a worth pick up to waste some time on.
Do I think its worth $10? Maybe, its just too repetitive. Same thing everytime but just a bit harder. Theres no real diversity to it but like the game isnt bad yk. Its just alright, but if youre lookin for a game to screw around on on a saturday with the boys then this isnt a bad option. It's 1-6 players so you can play solo if you have no friends, I wouldn't recommend it tho.
amei
Love it! lol
divertido
headmans manor sucks
belo e divertido, sentimento em uma play. xD
its hilarious and fun with friends
Beep Boop this game goes crazy
I LOVE IT
PLAY IT
if devs keep working on this i see a very promissing future
this game is better that lethal (i loved lethat company idk if i had more fun here or same as lethal first times but more devs, higher expectations)
so good i bought it 5 times man :)
9/10 for what it is atm, scary sometimes, and funny as fuck
BUT FOR THE LOVE OF GOD CHANGE THE EMOJI MASCOT WITH A CHARACTER ICON OR SMTH THAT IS WAY BETTER
fun with friends
nigga game cool
its got pig physics
dcfgv
Gruselig Lustiiiig
very fun
Sure dude. yeah dude I uh recommend this game ig. I mean its uh pretty uh um good ig. It got cool things and uh stuff ig. Yeah, no, yeah its good, its uh ah, its good. yep. 10/10. ok maybe like a 9. or an 8? fuck this is giving me anxiety.
so pega 4 amigos e joga comfia
le jeu est
Its Good
bom
Great fun with friends, I wouldn't call it horror more like a suspenseful comedy. Best 10 bucks I've spent in a while.
Muy y todo pero demasiado zzz a la larga y si no tienes amigos como Castillo no te sirve de nada el juego, deberian implementar una Onluine solo por que no tiene eso lo voy a reembolsar ,eso es todo queda. Solo es recomdable para gente con amigos, si estas solo que un huerfano no te vas a divertir.
unstable mess, four separate lobby crashes in half an hour of gameplay irrespective of host, one person randomly couldn't hear the rest of us and we couldn't hear him. also the emoji motif makes me irrationally angry.
just play lethal company.
I'll change it to recommended once the item breaking sensitivity is fixed. Losing levels because you lightly touch a 40k object and it goes down to 30k.
The terrible emoji mascot for the game really put me off from playing it, but after a little my friends asked me to get it and to be honest its really fun!
found a deaf guy with a shotgun. Friend said "nice ass" and proceeded to get his head blown off.
10/10 game
its simple chaotic goofy and loads of fun with friends
yuh
good game 10 out 10
Don't buy this game if you expect online play. You cant host an online room, join online rooms, ect. You can ONLY play this game and have fun IF YOU HAVE FRIENDS ADDED ON STEAM TO PLAY WITH. Honestly a 2/10 game JUST for that reason.
Muito foda o game, recomendo demais.
Super jump scares, love it!
Muy bien
ultra fun
R.E.P.O it is a very fun game to play with up to 6 people i highly recommend
Do yourself a favor and buy this game and get a group of friends to play it with!
co minute
should be free
[h1]this game is great[/h1]
just please, for everyone's sake, remove the emoji cringe, that's not the type of horror I'm looking for here
Squeaky hammer
this is the game of 2025.
:)
I am recommending this game for one reason, to some it may be a dumb one but this is my reason. And no, it's not because of the price tag. It's because there boys. As a man with a small penis (-15 inches), i have sex with lots of women with small boobs and butt all the time. girls love my micro penis because it was very small small and they love having sex with my penis. i have sex with men. not women. i am gay. i am very dumb and ugly so girls always have sex with me because i am very cool and sexy. my penis is very small.
AMAZING GAME
Des barres de rire avec vos amis
started game. found a plate. broke it on friends head. hid from hunter. friend yelled. I got shot. 1000/10
so fun too play with friend and mess around with like putting them in the toilet and its just a better lethal compiny
Fun as hell
super fun
It's like if they made a real game out of lethal company
Auch Bauchweh durch Lachen.
Nerf rugrat.
we got to level 15. it gets really easy idk pretty bored now that we have done everything and found everything.
Just the four of us, no osu and shipwreck. aka, no dead weight, no anchor slowing the ship down. just pure, unfiltered mastery. we basically solved the game!
by level 13, we had already encountered and effortlessly dispatched every enemy repo had to offer. these socalled mosnters were more like annoyances than actual threats. we left literally no stone unturned. "Oh no what about the secret ultra rare boss?" yeah, we found it and killed it. twice. it begged us for mercy the second time. "oh but what about the hidden upgrades hidden behind the store?" oh please, we cracked those open blindfolded, using nothing but our raw gamer instinct built up over 20 years. honestly? it just got too easy, we just kept going up past the max difficulty scaling. the game stopped spawning enemies, as if the game itself developed raw unadulterated fear. we were just walking through empty rooms yawning. the only real threat was themsa trolling and pushing us off the map, but honestly even that was a breeze.
we basically reverse engineered the games source code by playing and looking too hard at it. so yeah, bored now. might uninstall, but @hung yet gentle with it and @osu yall can play without us i guess since we are so bored and played through it all already
Not a TON of content but it's still a very early release with more content currently planned.
An absolute blast to play with friends.
Highly recommend.
Ts fye
foda.
we got to level 15. it gets really easy idk pretty bored now that we have done everything and found everything.
Just the four of us, no osu and shipwreck. aka, no dead weight, no anchor slowing the ship down. just pure, unfiltered mastery. we basically solved the game!
by level 13, we had already encountered and effortlessly dispatched every enemy repo had to offer. these socalled mosnters were more like annoyances than actual threats. we left literally no stone unturned. "Oh no what about the secret ultra rare boss?" yeah, we found it and killed it. twice. it begged us for mercy the second time. "oh but what about the hidden upgrades hidden behind the store?" oh please, we cracked those open blindfolded, using nothing but our raw gamer instinct built up over 20 years. honestly? it just got too easy, we just kept going up past the max difficulty scaling. the game stopped spawning enemies, as if the game itself developed raw unadulterated fear. we were just walking through empty rooms yawning. the only real threat was themsa trolling and pushing us off the map, but honestly even that was a breeze.
we basically reverse engineered the games source code by playing and looking too hard at it. so yeah, bored now. might uninstall, but @hung yet gentle with it and @osu yall can play without us i guess since we are so bored and played through it all already
10/10 game recommended
Bon jeu, avec ses amis, vraiment des fous rires quand tu joue avec tes potes ou un pote. Je recommande vraiment, 9.9/10
yes
love the game but ULTRAWIDE SUPPORT PLZZZZZZ
great game lots of fun
hilarious
Najlepsza Gra ktora kupilem za jak w takiej cenie to sie mega oplaca bo jest mega zabawna. Najlepiej grac conajmniej we dwoch bo w pojedynke sie tak nie oplaca
Unironically better than Lethal Company.
I WANT YOU TO MINE AGAIN BABYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
Client timeout.
bom demais pqp
good
:)
AHHHHHHHHHHHHH so fun!
markete her el zam gelmese hayatta kalmak kolay olacak. Oyun baya buga ve optimizasyon sorununa Lobi sistemi yok, yoksa tek pek yok. Oynamak isteyenler istek atabilir
Another shill game forced by big youtubers/streamers with no substance whatsoever! Sad days in gaming where something this low effort and quality is pumped out on an assembly line.
si
Fun game that you dont have to take too serious if you dont want to. Funny as heck when playing with friends. Startles in this game is legit, I almost peed myself playing alone. lol
Pretty fun and love the ability to play Fetty wap on the jbl in this game.
oyunda tek sorun enerjinin bitmesi
Can You guys add crossplay with other consoles on release please this game is so good
if u have good and funny friends go and play so much fun
4-5
I have enough friends
old blind man with shotgun
yeeee
I like game
good
amazing. best "horror" game
jueGOD
Esta muy divertido, entretenido pero hay puntos en que se puede estancar el juego y se tiene que poner una dentro de un tiempo para seguir jugando como coger nuevos objetos de valor, unos mapas nuevos, mejoras como Linterna a larga distancia y la gracia de este juego es que por le mapa hay monstruos y poner unos mas porque en este juego con los monstruos puedes hacer muchas cosas, como poner zombies, vampiros etc.
better than lethal company
Fun game when it works, but it only really works 25% of the time. You'll spend more time with host disconnects, lag issues, audio issues, and server issues than you'll spend actually playing. I've played for four hours or so and only one of those hours was actually spent playing - the rest was waiting around for the disconnects to stop. Usually what happens is you get into a lobby, play for a few minutes, then the host disconnects and you have to regroup and try again. I would have refunded this game before the two-hour mark had I known this was how it was going to be.
MEGA FAJNE
its another "group of silly guys do silly tasks while avoiding scary monsters" (i.e Lethal Company, Content Warning, etc.) but it does so much more to make itself stand out. easily my favorite of this genre, and not just because its new and jerma played it.
its biggest pro is that you dont stay dead for very long, levels are much quicker than other games of the same general idea. pretty stellar, worthwhile purchase.
lethal company but the dev is not a furry
Insanely fun game, and surprisingly unlike other games of it's type the gameplay loop stays interesting and fun!
pretty well-developed as for an early access game; add earnable cosmetics and we're home
tralalero tralala
funny monster
W GAME
It's a great and fun game that i can play whit people, but the only issue is there is not matchmaking but anyways is still a perfect game to chill out and act like newborns whit your homies :]
IT IS FUNNY HAHAHA
juego muy divertido similar al lethal company
simply phenomenal
my guy looks like some kinda can or something 9/10 would recommend with friends
ITS HILARIOUS GAME OF THE YEAR RN!
good game but i would never play it without friends
Good news: I made it out alive. Bad news: My paycheck was $4.17,
Get back in there. The haunted music box gonna steal itself
big snowman
9 10
w
Fun game
BERBAT OYUN VE BLAXIC SEN BU OYUNUN G0T DELIGISIN
oynamak isteyen eklesin. gurubu ya ya da maddi durumu yok
good and scary so scary i shit my self
era el host se me cayo el net y se me elimino hasta el progreso :(
my friend left without me.
Stephan hawking is walking
Me likey!
52
What else is there to say about this game. It's the perfect amount of jump scares and endless hours of hilarious moments. This game will dominate with online random lobbies. BUY IT. YOU WONT REGRET IT!
Very skibidi game I killed my friends 4.7 times per hour.
dead simulation whit risas
funny as shit
I moaned and died. Worth it
Very fun and a fun experience each time
Dawno tak nie XD
A lot of fun! The more friends to play with the better it is.
fun
Muito bom, leve, legal e divertido!
im king of all loser
If you loved Lethal Company, you will adore this one.
While I love what Lethal do, this one really seems to play more with how the player interact with its environment and the other players. If you have enough wits, and can elaborate certain strategies, you can manage to fight off most, if not all of the game monsters. The hiding mechanic really add a nice touch, that Lethal, while being a more streamlined game, lacked in my personal opinion.
Is a great game super fun but I notice it has issues my friends and I play but if one of us diconnects and tries to go back to the save game it crashes and doesn't let us play
Muito bom slk 10 de 10
good game (: thumb up
does nothing but crash and lag if it didnt do that it would be great though its got a lot of bugs alike if the creatures get stuck on cart they just destroy everything and ruin the round or they get bugegd and stuck and just sit there giving no options to the player but to reset
lethal company if it was fun
Fun, amazing, hilarious. have been yelled at for yelling whilst being pulled away from my friends at the worst moment.
With public lobbies on their way. all i ask is one thing for the TTS chat. and allow for a filter, it can be auto manual IDC just some sort of filter. because i do stream from time to time. and while testing the chat. anything slides. other than that, this is on my top 10 games played. I'ma be putting some hours in once them pub lobbies drop >:3
its a fun way to play with friends or for grinding, but it gets less scary everytime (like most games tho)
10/10
Entre em um lugar tenebroso
Recolha itens
Venda os itens
ET de varginha aparece
O ET de varginha te mata te fazendo flutuar
Seu amigo mata o ET de varginha e ele vira uma esfera rosa brilhante
A esfera quebra
Seus amigos te revivem
Recolha mais itens
Item que vale milhares quebra
tem mais itens e consegue bater a meta
Todos se auto destroem
jogado numa arena com seus amigos e um pode sair vivo
mata seus amigos
se torna o rei dos perdedores
Comece outra partida e tudo de novo
10/10
Jogo muito bom, recomendo
( ) 144p
( )
() Bom
(X)
() Cada frame foi pintado por Da Vinci
-<Requisitos>-
( ) Uma pilha de batata
() qualquer coisa que conduza energia
(X) Um i5 com uma GPU mais antiga
( ) No uma GTX 1660
( ) Uma RTX 4090
(X) Que
() Tem pra dizer que tem
() Uma digna de prestar
( ) Uma bem elaborada
() Mais complexa que a URSS
-<Jogabilidade >-
()
() Precisa de dois dedos pra jogar mas boa
() Gostoso de jogar
(X) Jogabilidade excelente
-<Trilha sonora>-
() Deixa mutado
(X) Nada de especial
( ) Boa
( )
() Toque isto no meu funeral
Ir para mensagem
P3uloJP 14/12/2024 17:57
de
( ) divertido quanto assistir uma evaporar
( )
(X) Vai te prender por horas!
() Meu mundo melhorou depois de jogar isso
-<Bugs>-
( ) Esse o novo CyberPunk ?
( ) pra jogar
(X) Um ou dois
() A palavra bug desconhecida
-<Tempo de jogo>-
( ) 1-3 horas
() 4-23 horas
( ) 24-100 horas
( ) + 100 horas
(X) Infinitas
-<Dificuldade>-
() da pra zerar
() pra zerar vendado e
() Medio
(X) Com um pouco de vai
() Bem desafiador, as vezes
( ) Souls like
-<Complexidade>-
() Jogo da velha mais complexo
(X) pra jogar casualmente de boa
() de aprender, de dominar
() daqueles jogos que as pessoas ficam estudando
( ) Precisa de, no 2 doutorados
( ) De ta caro
() Compre se tiver dinheiro sobrando
() Espere uma
() justo
( ) Pagaria mais
-<Melhor experiencia>-
( ) Desinstalar.
() O jogo Offline
( ) SinglePlayer
(X) Coop
() Multiplayer
-<Vale a pena ?>-
( ) Arrependimento
( ) Reembolsa isso ai
( ) bom, mas pra zerar uma vez
() Recomendo!
(X) Bom pra caralho, JOGUEM!
( ) Queria apagar a pra me encantar de novo
gochu
We weren't able to even start a game without someone crashing or disconnecting. We tried with each of us hosting, and different people crashed or disconnected each time.
Looks like it could be fun, but I guess we'll have to wait until they fix their garbage code to find out.
Needs a lobby system
jaja
belst geile brudi.mahalla
ES Al que no le guste que se haga dar por un traba!
such a scary and fun game to play with friends.
As a primarily solo player, this is more fun than any other Lethal Company-like game I've tried, including LC itself.
ME GO HAHA SO IT GOOD
So much fun with friends, nothing but laughs with them. Amazing game to say that it is in early access, can't wait to see what's it's like with things in and maybe even a store!
watched my friends struggle to move a computer 20 feet and then got blasted by a man with a shotgun 30 seconds later, 10/10
pretty kewl fun game
its so funny and has much better features than content warning or lethal company
esta tope guapo primo 100% recomendaod
Es ist`n absolutes must Play! Wir haben soviel und ich hab mich selten so bepisst vor lachen! Einfach geil!
nice, wenn die Entwickler noch ein Feature dass man am Ende einer Runde sieht, wie viel Kohle man verloren hat. Ich freu mich auf die Updates!
10/10 jugazo para jugar con amigos si eres gilipollas
fun
my friend is this guy
worst than Lethal Company
better than Lethal Company's copies
I fuck my dog to this game
Man wird oft
yes
Macht bock aber nur mit Leuten
Divertente!
Muy bien juego, bastante entretenido y te sacas muchas risas con tus amigos.
Ampulheta o melhor Item.
Change my mind
absolute cinema
cague de richard
Es divertido, te mete en una pero muy divertida con amigos
We found something that sounds like diesel car in winter, funniest thing ever
the taxman repossessed my wife and kids.
Is good
El juego es muy dificil hasta para el primer nivel, cuando ni siquiera se puede comprar nada ademas que pdo con el OJO, es muy dificil safarse de el. Cambien el desarrollo del juego tiene potencial.
yes yes yes, very much like. nice polish, like how it feels.
goty 2025
nie polecam do dziadka cwelu bo strzela
tudo e muito bom
el pato es una puta mierda quitarlo
top
si
you can shoot the duck
ay man this is pretty good
hell yeah
Recomendo!
Positivo: Jogo e divertido, roda em qualquer batata, a dificuldade depende da capacidade dos seus amigos.
Negativo: Precisa ter amigos para ser
Robe scares me
Looting from far cry 5
es buenisimo
Really fun but buggy, hope that after updates it will get better
+rep(o)
Good game xdd
Augh
Might be stream bait, but with friends and a few drinks had a right laugh for under a tenner. I hope they add stuff to this. Wouldn't take much to improve it even more.
peak
-> -> -> ->
10/10.
This game is gonna test your friendship and peak your anxiety. Love it
Linggang gulli gulli wata
Polecam
My buddies and I beat an annoying child to death. 10/10
I was chased by a demon child whilst screaming and then dropped the love potion.
10/10
Will be playing more.
Lethal Company pero Chistosito
wow!
Get voicemod for this one
very fun, especially when you re dead and you can laugh at your idiot friends
How It's Actually Made - Friendships
Banger cinema
REPORRAAASOOO!
very fun, love flushing my friends down the toilet.
but like everyone else has said, please change the thumbnail art. personally i was hesitant to try the game after my friends asked to play, till i researched and watched the trailer. first impressions are really important to sell your game.
other than that, maybe add the ability to invite players during intermission/shop so we don't have to restart the lobby every time and the ability to open stream profiles for players in your lobby.
por favor mudem a logo
-
fun with friends
well yes
Absolutely amazing bussing spectacularus fun. The eyeball movement is top tier. Highly recommend to play with others/friends
play this if you enjoy trying to be a team with your friends
peak with peak friends
Mr. Barnaby shot me with his shotgun. 10/10
lala
Very Funny
aga
gg
for me its very good game but one thing is missing and that is more maps (there are only 3)
fantastic game tons of fun and very scary would definitely recommend only thing missing is multiplayer servers for people like me who font have friends that ply this
Funny stuff, not as scary as Lethal Company, but I do like the gameplay loop alot
Similar to Lethal Company, yet very much distinctly unique as well! Scary and goofy in just the right ways. Hope to see this game get supported, would love new additions!
The things this game lets me do to my friends are astounding. Legitimately dying of laughters every passing round hehe
4 hours in and already got the best clips I ever had
+
wwww
good
o meu ra ra ra ra ra ra ra o lepo lepo
Sehr gelungenes Game, macht unglaublich viel und man gar nicht zu spielen.
you guys might be wondering why I have this less play time on this game.
I piss my pants playing this alone and.
I have no friends. ( please play with me I'm lonely and getting scared
Lethal Company. -
El juego es muy bueno, pero tiene algo muy negativo. Me que cuando yo cree una NUEVA PARTIDA para jugar con amigos, llegue a nivel 4, pasamos a nivel 5 y en el lobby de la tienda quise sacar la partida porque ya la dejar se me borraron mis otras partidas personales, se me borro una partida a NIVEL 6 o 7 y la verdad que para jugar tantos niveles para que luego se borren por ese bug no tienen sentido. Ojala lo arreglen, porque seria una lastima que con un gran juego como este dejen esos bugs. Y agregar que algunos monstruos no hacen ruido al moverse y cuando estas de espaldas ni te enteras y ya estas muerto.
very good game :)
V jsem se ve 4h tolik jako Insane prdel, jste v 5 lidech
:3
funny
silly lil robots go brrr teehee
Super funny
Conajmniej przegenialne
its super fun and funny, And already one of my favorite games
gfh fhfhgf
got killed by a guy after he fell down the stairs 4 times while i sung grandma got runover by a reigndeer. Then shot in the face. 10/10
sehr lustiges game, desto mehr desto besser!
10 10
Dia 1. Me aterra todo y me escondo de todo
Dia 2. Se puede matar a los monstruos
Dia 5. Yo mato a los monstruos ahora. Yo soy el monstruo.
bon jeu en coop ,ultra trop bien, fou rire garantie
yes
good for now. hope dev gives better updates
game of the year
FUN AF
Neat little game, very fun to pick up friends.
i got 1.4 hours on it and i have a great time with friends on i recommend everyday of the week
it's
I fucking hate that stupid bitch ass cunt ass no-face ripoff ass bitch
P.S. also fuck the stupid shotgun hillbilly too
JBL
-
380
10 10!
The best game to play with your friends. Game is very funny and a bit scary. The best 10$ I ever spend.
Good game
immediately addicting. really fun to play with friends, enjoy the loot that have special features to them and the character models are funny in general
Fantastic game.
I don't think the emoji mascot deserves absolute vitriolic hatred people give it but I can see why people would have a problem with it. Just don't make it the primary logo, but keep it in the game I guess.
The gameplay loop is super fun and fresh, taking a very unique spin on the 4-player co-op horror spawned by Phasmophobia and Escape the Backrooms, and popularized by Lethal Company. That being said, this is not a Lethal Company Killer. Both games have a very different feel and very different styles of gameplay so I think they are both fantastic in their own respects, but different.
Here are my only problems (assume everything else about the game is perfect because it pretty much is)
- There are no public servers (the devs are working on them though so no biggie)
- The fact that the first level can spawn a level 1 AND level 3 entity (the hardest ones) is completely absurd and you can just be forced to die on the first level because a Robe will just spawn in and murder your team before you have a chance to do anything or have enough upgrades to deal with them. It should start with a level 1 and level 2 entity and progress from there.
- Health is WAY too scarce in my opinion. The health kits are super expensive for what they do and only work on one person for a partial heal, and the 25-health heal from finishing a mission is a drop in the bucket once you have any upgrades at all (especially since many enemies will one shot you if you have 50 or less health). This is probably a bit of a hot take, but, realistically, health kits should be scrapped and everyone should receive a full heal upon extracting from a location.
- Some permanent progression (stat upgrades, etc.) would be nice just to add some motivation for actually playing the game more than a run or two every once in a while.
Overall, this is a 9/10 or 10/10 game. It's an easy pickup for the pricetag.
bababooey
A lot like Lethal Company. So, if you like LC I'm sure you'd have a good chance of liking R.E.P.O. Physics based items that have weight and impact on many things within the environment of the game; doors, creatures and your fellow REPO robots, to name a few. It's less scarier then LC but more crazy due to the physics based props and the silliness that comes with that.
This game is a blast to play with friends. This nailed some of the things that similar style games are lacking. I highly recommend it!
Fun game with friends.
absolute cinema
PEAK
Never laughed more than in this game.
Really good game I loved
this mfukin game is a mofocking masterpissa
Very Good game its really fun to play with your Friends there are many different monsters obejects and maps for that that its not even 1month out
worth to buy!
Showed friend the TV
Friend smashed a vase on my head and killed me
10/10
funny af
ok
Fun goofy ass game
Good
Bonari
muy bueno
yes good give new content pls
It's a good funny and goofy game. It to play with friends and its all about team work!
What's the point of this game? You just walk around super slowly the entire time, carrying objects from A to B and then you die after 5 minutes by things that you can not even comprehend.
it good
Hilarious with friends
Moj kolega kuca i patrzy sie na mnie jak kura na jajko
very fun. They need to remove that stupid ass baby tho.
kolega gniecie mnie
this game is INSANELY fun you should play
great game when you have a group of 3 or more
OLM
yes
It's more fair than lethal company
melhor parte desse jogo ver teu amigo sendo morto por culpa sua kkkkkkkkkkkkkk
Muy gracioso
I love this game. I enjoy the proximity chat, I enjoy the different gadgets you can get to fight off monsters or even regular upgrades. Playing this game with my friends is so fun and overall a great experience!
there is no matchmaking feature you have to invite steam friends to hosted lobby which is lame
big banger, started a game got head from a giant head and died. W
This is a great game. I got it and played with all my friends. I'm so excited to see what the developers come up with for the later game.
Great Developer
acayip sesli ve cilgin biriyle bir oyun. nakliye bir totomuzun buda oluyor oyunum. grupla zevkli oynanabilcek bir oyun. fazla mob ve map Mod destekli hemde. 5.80'e yani 200+'ne dostlar.
seemed funny and cool but it has ZERO MATCHMAKING refund requested.
si
arda ve seviyorum.
11 10
Get your friends to launch themselves then grab them and chuck em across the room.
10/10 game the makers cooked with this game.
My friends and I are always looking for new multiplayer games to play, usually falling back on co-op horror. Lethal Company, Phas, Pilgrim, you know the ones. When this game came out we immediately purchased. We have played every night for the last 3 weeks. There is always something new, always something scary, always a funny moment. I am very much looking forward to the updates they are working on, and I can honestly say this game is better than Lethal Company. And it's only 10$! what more could you ask for?
funny ash
I just found a new reason to hate my friends. and myself. 11/10
muy divertido :)
Game is not for the weak
muito bom, e tenho certeza que vai ficar melhor ainda quando introduzirem os matchmaking lobbies
memes
i like everything i have no dislike about the game
Fun game with friends
-
-
-
10 10
I would say this is one of the best games I ever played and even tho lethal company is the original I think R E P O is an way better game
super fun and you can get you friends murdered
Muy chistoso con amigos
funny game
If you like Lethal Company, or content warning. BUY NOW!
R.E.P.O is an amazing game. All I can say is that it's a newer goofier Lethal Company. This is SO much fun to play with friends! I cannot WAIT for more content to be added to the masterpiece
best game out rn
i never laughed this much its so fun playing it with friends
ben bu ismailin koyim 220 tlmden oldum
10 10. Content Warning Lethal Company.
bom
very hilarious and fun
why 20 gnomes
jopa
gud
Oyun.
The sheer stress of trying to coordinate moving a large piece of furniture with your friends while being chased by horrors beyond your comprehension is great.
Needs less emojis though.
Kel approves of repo 10/10
10 10
GOTY
top
Funniest game I've ever played, I do have a few suggestions though. There needs to be more valuables and monsters, as well as matchmaking/servers, and there needs to an option to allow joining even if a match has started, as well as the kick option only being for the host. I would also like there to be an in-game noise suppression like Krisp.
huh
Muy divertido con amigos
Incroyable a jouer a beaucoup, les mods rajoute du fun
poop
Este juego tiene todo bueno
10 10
de cria
funny af.
De lo mejor para jugar con amigos y super aleatoria cada partida asi que nunca es lo mismo
Grandioses Spiel! Super witzig und gleichzeitig nerven aufreibend wie sonst was!
Is a game.
great multiplayer fun
very fun with friends (i indeed got harassed by a small chick)
Funniest game to play with friends GOTY
Perfect balance between all previous games. Humor and physics never go wrong. Emergent gameplay is key.
Best game ever, better then lethal company, i suggest yall buy it now because maybe in the future it will cost more then 10 euros.
Ass game was not worth my money like rip off lethal comp just aint it
REPO
que jogo minha gente valeu cada centavo,o jogo prometeu nada e entregou tudo que tinha na e ainda uma beta
Super jeu
Seit sehr langer Zeit mal wieder vor Lachen geweint
Sau geiles Spiel!
Aileni ama
very fun game, especially with friends, it's really worth it.
eth4ttth5tb
it is a great game tio playa with your frriendsas'
N1
sexy
DEFFIENLTY PLAY WITH A GROUP OF FRIENDS IS FUNNY AS HECK
10/10
bought it twice for me and my son <3 can't wait for more updates
R.E.P.O
best game i ever played,but better call ur friend cuz it's will be boring to hide alone from grandpa with rifle,but 10/10 u must try this game
HOP ON REPOOOOOOO
me gusto el juego
pls nerf Robe monster
Wenn du deine geistige aufs Spiel setzen willst bist du hier genau richtig. Man kann seine Freunde umbringen. 10/10 meinen geistigen Zustand immer wieder hinterfragen.
This game is hilarious fun as it is challenging
J'aime, je kiff, je bz
Epic but plz bublic lobbies
FFUN
kum saati
really good alternative to lethal company, id say its pretty fun if your looking for something like lethal but more of a hiding aspect to it.
=)
El juego consiste en:
1.- entras
2.- looteas
3.- encuentras el c*erpo de amigo
4.- lo revives
5.- PTM ya se murio de nuevo
6.- repites desde el paso 2
Que gran juego
10 10
laser die kablooey
funny game
Amazing game! Definitely recommended, 10/10! I haven't had this much fun in a long time. My adult son and I play this together and we had so much fun and there were things that happened that made me laugh so hard I had tears XD! The devs have done an excellent job and taken this kind of game to the next level, the monsters and mechanics of the game are great and diverse, but at the same time adding elements of fear and hilarity that go hand in hand.
R.E.P.O.
6.5/10.
amazing game
So many clips, so many funny moments, its a great game to play with friends with so many hilarious situations.
good game big fat eggs
tiempo que no me tanto con mis amigos. Brutal!
very fun with 3-6 people
wow
mploijk
good
good
Pure chaos, I love it!
10 10
greatest game of all time
Incredibly fun party game
gud game
Unpredictable moments make every session wildly fun. Highly recommend
<3
Faaaack meeeee!
With friends this is a good horror porn game x3
Obviously not as customizable as Lethal Company with mods,
(same skins, few monsters or no dance emotes)
but considering its early development it's an enjoyable game
(especially where the players talk and look at each other)
not bad
game is lol
w
[EQYZ
las risas
y el boric callampin bombin
fun
es como lethal compani pero con mejores mecanicas y pollas gordas
Funny Game, better with Friends.
But Im waay too clumsy for this game
Cool
very good
CINE
HAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
MACHT SEHR VIEL SPASS IN EINEN GRUPPE
Great game with really solid mechanics and an absolute blast with friends! Atomize the hidden's grey matter
Definitely lethal company inspired, but it has some fundamental things they basically fixed if you compare the two.
Being able to revive teammates is great!
Game is really light on my computer and easy to run. Very well optimized (or it must just be small).
Even though there is no set goal in the game, it's really more about the experience of the game that it gives you. Highly recommend playing it with friends or other people because without that it's 10x harder and possibly scarier (if you are new to the game).
Worth the $10
meow
bom
poidet no chegoto ne hvataet
genial ce jeux
bon jeu entre amis bonne optimisation, les mods ne sont pas ouf pour l'instant mais le jeu viens de sortir, lethal compagny en horreur, les maps sont bien tous a peu
Amazing
Una pasada de juego, muchas risas y muy divertido sobre todo con amiguis.
No os del pato de los cojones
10\10
Repo stands for real emergency please omero simpson
Cool and fun game but we need more items for money.
sehr lustig
it's almost too much fun.
Funny puppet-looking robots, loot, and monsters. Plus text to speech silliness. Is it early access, yes, but it was done right.
-Play game
-Add your friends
-Join there lobby
-Shit talk
-Funny game
-Die to reaper
10/10 Need matchmaking :3
SO SIGMA please add online tho
A baby threw my stuff at me and killed me
10/10
im repoing it so good oh its so good im repoing it so hard ooooh
the best horror game ever!
Tres bon jeu jespere avoir de nouvelles MAJ
yes
drole
0+
Simple but jucy. the atmosphere stays consistent and geos well whit the horror, the monsters dont feel unfair most of the time, you can do things on your own acord if you feel confident, a play whit friends game that even is fun solo, the grapics and visual also create a unique feeling atmosphere, like, buy the game. its fairly cheap and you will atleast not regret buying it. but well we live in 2025 and maybe this review dont ages well.
the only thing that bothers me about this game in a (because of me constandly dying) non copium way is that the devs added a few things that like also fit the game, but do not benefit it positively in any way.
like that cursed laugh cry emote you see everywhere, it makes the game look bad and cheap if the r.e.p.o logo next to it would not be there, call it based or not that is also not gonna make the game look better. but well i assume they add these things because thats just part of the unique spirit this game also has and who genuinly cares anyway for longer than 5 minutes
so as i said, buy the game. no boring handholding bs but also some mercy. like that many monsters cant see you crouched unless you are rly close to one and that only a few just rly inconvinient monsters can see you while hiding.
another good thing is that you can tell they respect and love their own game. it has so many small things that add to the fun but you forget about and half of wich you will never even see unless your gonan be a long time palyer. also details like that basicaly anything that puts something above your head counts as a hiding spot to the game, even if its just a leg of a chair. makes no sence but it makes the game more balanced and more fun because you dont need to think alot if your going to hide it also lets you know but your vision going downwards alot by hiding. making a moster loose line of sight while chasing you and then yous print slide into a hiding spot what wont let the monster know where you are add so much depth to a rly simple game. the game rly is intuitive and straight foward. they of course wont teach you what each monster deos trough. you figure that out whit trial and error in a non frustrating way.
and im still writing here, didint realize there is so much positive things i can say. so to finaly end this review, i give the game a cursed laughcry emoji because im in pain and addiction.and dammit this rly valueble is to heavy i dont got enough strenght upgrades this will take ages. out of 10. btw, they are infact based, they dont care.
yes.
,.'/.l;m/mklo
C'est bien
big if true
Peak
namoral que de gameplay, absurdamente complexa e divirtida, adoraria disponibizar-me de uma minimalista e com tamanha sutileza como R.E.P.O, A verdade que me sinto completo, me sinto longe de toda a humana, fome mundial e tbm da social, dito isso, o jogo desmoralizante, acabar a minha jogatina percebo que o mundo repleto de problemas e EU parte deles, logo "gameplay 10/10, depois de jogar: -1/10. Obrigado dono desse lindo par de botas que denomina-se REPO.
funny
game
when you play this Game you play it
muy divertido
Very fun game that plays similar to lethal company, but honestly runs better (for me) feels more fun with friends and is 100% more lighthearted!
a really good re-take on Lethal Company, much more fun and more team oriented
tumme upp
Funny
ddc`
El dev me bien
7
its a better lethal company thats actually funny with a group of friends
GG
This is fucking hilarious. Most joy ive had in a looong time! If you are looking for a fun fullfilling experience with your friends/squad, then this is the perfect game.
I got the chance to experience it together with some friends, and we all had a blast.
10/10 R.E.P.O.MMEND
Quem quiser jogar ADD ae
A lot of fun with friends and randoms only issue I have at all so far is no matchmaking but the devs are already working on it so 9/10 good game
Noise
Great game I had so much fun with my friends, I would say the only minus is that you don't have servers where you can play with random people and it is really not playable alone in my opinion so get your boys and girls and trust me it is really good experience
Accidently slammed a small object to one of my friends that had 1 HP and died instantly.
This game is fucking class lmao.
probably the funniest i've played in a long time
great and funny game
8 pound game
I believe that it would be so much fun running around as an Android Trashcan collecting Money to pay taxes.
The controls are simple and it is a lot of fun using all the items in the game.
The Monster made me shit my pants several times. 10/10.
The more you play, the more you realize how competitive this game gets in terms of strategy.
It is very hard to accomplish the goal of clearing all Extraction points and going back to your truck safely.
Especially in the later Levels 7+.
It is a nice challenge for a game with such simple controls.
I highly recommend to play this game with your friends.
This game is absolutely worth its money and I would recommend it again.
Game is loads of fun, have been having a blast on it with my friends. the only thing that i disliked was when the servers were to full at 120k people and ti kept booting us off the game.
Best game ever. You can write anything in the text to speech. ANYTHING.
yes
It's a good game especially with friends,the physics are good and is fun to mess around.
muy gracioso
Q
spaubeldabeig
I thought diamonds were supposed to be one of the hardest gems.
caterinca rau sa moara baldo daca va mint
nigga
Surprisingly really fun. Goofy characters and interaction, enemies are reasonable and intimidating.
jeu je recommande parce que le jeu est pas trop dur en vrai de vrai il faut juste un bac plus 98 ne tueur de monstre et des qui ce fond pas dessus a chaque ennemi ou objet fragile (comme eux) dans les mains
Flushed my friend down the toilet 10/10
gretate game 10/10 intanely fun gamersplay greate game otame stem parachute
good
No local server, i've got ~950 mbps and still unstable connection, why the hell you ruin your game by that completely stupid decision to send everyone to your servers?
Meilleur Jeu en coop pour passer de bonnes rire
:v
no text to speech filter
Lethal Compagny, en plus beau, en plus en plus Bref, un meilleur lethal compagny.
Worth the ten bucks
es macht sehr viel gerade wenn man mit mehr Spieler, spielt
wind: oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
axuenaa
YASSSSSSS
gioco molto divertente da giocare con amici,pero alcune volte capita di frame laggare cosa che potrebbe migliorere nei prossimi aggiornamenti,inoltre aggiungo che gli sviluppatori del giocopotrebbere aggiungere anche differenti gamemodes tipo hide and seek oppure la possibilita di fare pvp con altri giocatori
Divertido, legal e muito bom.
really funny and cool, and is that the fucking "Show me what you got" motherfucker?
uranium dishware is perfectly safe. very yummy 10/10
oyun
✅canavarlar
this is probably my most favorite game to play with my friends because it is both super hilarious and super scary so id recommend this
si
Une pure masterclass ce jeux, a jouer mais un petit conseil soyer minimum 3.
fun game with friends
4
9/10
fun game
Dont think about it. Buy it.
i almost had to buy new underwear after i heard a actual demon screaming their lungs out at me :D. recomended for old people you don't like (ps they will die of a heart attack)
Me and Oonga Bunga friends are just walking
Head kills us
Love it
<3
cool
10/10 kinda mid
Very b e a n and also funny taxman. Best thing is frog clown nose go brrrr.
Fun simple game
Silent Hill si no le tuviera miedo al
better then lethal company without mods
wait for upd
3 -
esta chato
very yes more update
siiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit
Martin gaming
Fun game with friends. Highly recommend! Please add ULTRAWIDE SUPPORT! Thank you!
i can neo a blind guy then get wrecked by a duck seems fair 10/10
Best game ever!
This game will be 100x better if you made it on vr its really fun to play and enjoyable with friends this game is really funny i have good clips of me and my friend enjoying this game so pls make this game in vr thank you for reading my response
10/10
better than lethal company ha ha
Genial
Very Fun! i enjoy feeding my friends to the monsters!
Zarombista gra do grania z znajomymi tyle ile my to szok jednak z najlepszych gier jakie
YEAH WHAT BOBBY SAID
you will have great time playing this game
surtout pour jouer avec des potes.
juegazo para con los panas
get the loot and argue with friends while yelling. 10/10 recomend
yes
zajebisty symulator cygana, wpieprzasz sie z ziomkami do czyjegos domu i probojesz nie zgniac i przy okazji bo wszystko przejeb@les w kasynie (wszystko na czerwone)
typowy dzien w bydgoszczy
c bein :)
Estabamos moviendo una tele con un amigo y de la nada un jubilado le metio un tiro en la cien. Que god
+
:)
Le jeu est vraiment et super entre amis Par contre il faut y jouer minimum 3 ou 4 sinon c'est assez vite ennuyeux ou rapidement difficile vers les level 5.
Vivement des mises jours pour y ajouter des Steam, une traduction FR, et surtout la de des lobby public trouvable in game en y indiquant le langage pour permettre d'autres joueurs qui parlent la langue de rejoindre la game si vous tout seul ou pas assez, car actuellement on ne peut pas ou rejoindre de lobby public, seuls vos amis peuvent inviter ou rejoindre et c'est tout. Ce qui est dommage si ils ne sont pas disponible vous vous retrouvez seul avec aucune de pouvoir rejoindre d'autres joueurs.
ggod
its worth it,FOREVER
Goat
god
ok
R.E.P.O. ist das perfekte Spiel alle, die sich schon immer gefragt haben, wie es unter Zeitdruck einen durch ein Labyrinth aus engen und Monstern zu quetschen Spoiler: Es ist pures Chaos.
In einem Moment feierst du dich noch, weil du eine antike Vase elegant ausbalancierst, im wirst du wie ein nasser Lappen durch die Gegend geschleudert, deine Freunde vor Panik in den Voice-Chat
Es ist ein Mix aus Teamwork, totalem Versagen und der Frage: 'Warum habe ich mir DAS angetan?' Und genau deshalb macht es unfassbar viel
R.E.P.O. is what you get when Content Warning and Lethal Company have a baby. A lot of reviews claim it's just a worse version of Lethal Company, but holy fuck, they are so wrong. This game is the perfect mix of scary and hilarious. If you have friends to play with, I'd suggest diving promise you'll have a blast.
Q2TWER
10 10
Crash into buildings collect money get shot blow up Crash into buildings collect money get shot blow up Crash into buildings collect money get shot blow up Crash into buildings collect money get shot blow up Crash into buildings get money get shot blow up
A ja polecam ta gierke :)
Moin ist sehr gut aber meine Mates sind bisschen Kacke
geil.
Ta gra jest po prostu dokurwiona i koniec.
Zjebiste 10/10
Quien quiere jugar
its goated
GOTY
I like it
Jogo muito bom pra jogar com os parsa. falta por a em PT-BR que fica perfeito
should be free
awful physics
peak performance
epik oyun :D
Nothing like watching your friends die in front of you then dying after because you couldn't hold in your laugh.
muito divertido, mas precisa de amigos :(
Jeu incroyable, je conseille de fou sauf si vos potes sont du genre vous lancer sur s'est ptn de monstre. (Gaby fais gaffe aux
10/10
horrivel n tem modo online pra jogar com aleatorios
Absolute cinema
love it
Really. really good. Well made, insanely fun with friends and endlessly funny.
If I owned a moving company I would be broke.
:D
very fun
i love hearing my friends screams fade away in the darkness.
I VERY MUCH RECOMMEND!
Co-Op Survival Horror goodness. Physics give this game something else man.
please make glass objects a little less fragile
the emoji movie
my laptop is dogshit so it cant handle this game but its fun
dddddddd
PLAY
GET ITEM
BREAK IT
GET ITEM
SELL
DIE
RESTART
Primeiramente, quero deixar claro: PRECISO DE MAIS AMIGOS PARA JOGAR COMIGO
Repo, de ter uma pitada de terror e suspense, garante boas risadas quando joga com amigos. Claro que para jogar sozinho, de ser um pouco mais acaba ficando e mais medo.
its really funny and dumb at the same time. please add lobbies to join with codes
This game is cool, makes you test if your really have friends or not
Best game if you want to test you re friendship
Efsane komik efsane bi oyun aq 3 oluyon
i was putting a big ass potion in my cart then turn around to see a giant ass head which instantly charge at me which made started running and then a fucking old man with a shotgun who is blind who hears me scream and then i die and my friend who was still in the cart saw everthing
10/10 would die again
oe canavar vurdu
Can grab and smack baby into ground to death.
10/10
good funny game
funny and scary at the same time
bom
e
Sidinei mto broken cara
JOY
assurdo
got floating head wasnt tht great tbh but also got diddied by the bid robe guy that wasnt fun overall great game
Whoever designed the mascot should probably face a firing squad, I think. Other than that, the game is a blast with friends!
perfect game
yep
HEAD GO CRAZY
Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers Sniggers
fun
11
This game taught me that soundboards can kill
Don't turn tiny or you will be stuffed inside of a hole
10 10
+rep)
Honestly wasn't expecting much but this has had me and my mates in tears of laughter. GG to the devs this is absolutely amazing piece of work.
I dont usually leave reviews but this is worthy of one. 10/10 game. Everything is tuned perfectly!
Looking forward to many more hours of fun and hope we get regular updates. Big well done to the Devs!
best game ever
Amazing
bien
varsa bir oyun!
very funny and fun to play with friends and even family. 10/10
A fun game to play with friends
entrei com meu amigo, vimos uma de 2 metros de altura, morremos, reiniciamos, morremos de novo, reiciamos, morremos, reiniciamos, morremos, reiniciamos, ciclo infinito, valeu cada centavo, me arrependi nem por um segundo (joguei 7 horas seguidas)
needs buttcheeks somewhere. goofy fun game. needs matchmaking.
this game is peak, i love getting kicked by a guy that shoots a laser out of some angler fish attachment
10 10
Fumny
good
nice
OYUN SIKA DE VAR
how fun is the game? me: yes
how good is the game? me: yes
but we need public multiplayer not everyone like me has friends
or well i dont have many friends to play the game with and would be much better if it had it, and yes i did just see the trailer for the full release and public multiplayer will be out, just wish it was sooner though, im quite impatient
20
Jak jeszcze raz zabije mnie ta czarna to
GOOD
yes
BU OYUN BI HARIKA DOSTUM, BEYIN ZOMBININ DOKUNDUM ODA BENIMKINE DOKUNDU
funny
kanka sakin ol.
Cant sex the clown :(
Was playing with my friend Josh and he ran past a vase and knocked it over and then blamed it on me. If it wasn't for him, i would have really enjoyed this game. I DON'T enjoy being gaslighted and lied to. I won't be playing with him anymore.
such a fun game with the boys, just hop on and have fun. Expected to spend 1 hour on the game with my buddy, hopped on at 12 A.M. and got off at 4 A.M.
6hrs in, all the fun is recommended, don't take anything too seriously, sit back and relax with a completely single-player doable and multiplayer fun experience to be had, it's a fun game all up to chance, luck and whether your friends will make you known to the monster in the room.
Don't be fooled by the exterior of the strange emoji thumbnail, it's genuine game with love put into it, as well as a lot of fun for hours of entertainment, the time will fly by as you play it!
Its so fun hitting your friends up and shooting them up like king von
can give your friends a swirly and watch them spin as the toilet flushes. 10/10
+
360
This game has the perfect mix of quirky/funny with elements of horror. I enjoy how strange the avatars look, because it makes for some really hilarious game play. The physics are unique without being impossible to navigate, and some of the ways the different monsters interact with you, the environment, and other monsters is incredible. It's definitely easier with 4+ players, but it's still possible to play with 2 players as long as you're both okay with being on your own if your partner dies. I learned about this game through the clips going viral on social media, and the game itself definitely lived up to the hype.
Insanely fun!
Una palabra: Increible.
Repo je taka report hra, colty sam nezvladne ani odist so spawnu, cesnek trolli celu dobu (splachol som ho uz tak 30 krat), mito tryhardi. Najlepsie je tam ta miestnost kde viem hadzat granaty, dajte ich tam viacej, teammatov to nebavi mna ale hej diki :3
Lf
es kommt wirklick auf die leute drauf an. ich mag es einfach auch nichts so gerne.
Polecam, granatem, mu z miecza, oraz go
addicting? YEP
random at times? YEP
love it? YEP
awesome devs? MOST DEFINITELY
1000/10 game
Bardzo mi gra do momentu faceta z chujem jak to jego pistolet we mnie i na hita. Imo gra lepsza gdyby nie facet z jak pisiorem fisiorem
game of the year
Polecam mozna prowadzic filozoficzne rozumowanie z
This game is very fun, but if you get scared easily, it might bother you. Overall, it is a very fun, chaotic game that is online multiplayer, but only with friends. The goal is to try to rob items and get them to the extraction point, but also survive the monsters in the house. Hope this helps!
you die and then are at the whims of your friends to rez you. I love spending 30 minutes dead bc someone didnt see my head that got knocked into the corner
ling gang gooli gooli gooli wata ling gang goo, ling gang goo!
pretty fun, the two extraction points kinda makes it less fun cuz i got a skill issue, my friend sucks more though dont worry
tres bon jeux a jouer
I like Lethal Company but I LOVE R.E.P.O! Such a good game to play with friends you are sure to have a good time!
its fun but i don't think my friends like it :(
TOP
Its awesome
can his also be on mac
me cambio la vida
lo apruebo.
good game
volim jebat
hell yeah
This game is fantastic, it has so many mechanics and is so easy to pick right up.
gdfg
Es la mera verga
Muy entretenido, divertido y maravilloso para jugar con amigos. Le falta, obviamente, variedad y contenido, pero se seguro.
i get blown up in a toilet and die a lot
Se procurando um jogo que combine o terror de um filme de zumbis com a de um desenho animado dos anos 90, "R.E.P.O." a sua escolha perfeita! Imagine um mundo onde cada passo que pode resultar em uma de eventos que o Murphy ficaria impressionado.
Os imersivos que quase pode sentir o cheiro de medo no ar, o ambiente envolvente, que vai se pegar olhando por cima do ombro, para garantir que nada de
A do jogo uma obra-prima de nunca sabe se o movimento vai te levar a uma ou a uma queda
its very funny game with friends its best
Love this, can't stop laughing!
YES
I'd play it every day if I could. With how well the game is put together, you'd think the developers have been making games for years! Amazing team with an amazing game. I love that the creatures can hear your typed messages, it really adds to the experience :)
10/10 worth it
10 10
Money
I've seen this game before on Steam, but because of the emoji thing, I thought this was some stupid game that a Russian guy made while he was drunk, so naturally I did not care. Then I came across videos of the game and looked into it. The game is INCREDIBLY fun and even in early access it's definitely one of the best of its kind, but [h1] THAT EMOJI NEEDS TO GO. [/h1]
Edit: The thumbnail they used on the release trailer is much, much better than this goofy looking banner, because the player model is shown too (and emoji doesn't look goofy that much). That or something like that could be better if they don't want to get rid of the emoji.
nagyon jo foleg beallva
Got blown to smitherens by a man with a shot gun. Best game ever
lethal company but better
pacek a mindenkinek szopjatok le
nig
es bueno
hehehe
DAS IST EIN TOLLES SPIELE
fun game, I get 42,000$ in my cart and a scarecrow comes and destroys half, then I die to a blind guy because of a duck.
Great game
Great game, So much FUN.
this game so peak bro omg
:heart:
Super funny
hawk tuah monster
No invert mouse look option
super fun
Good game so far
I am a 45 yo father, probably one of the oldest people playing this game. I am a single farther to my Son, who is 14 now. My son got this game immediately after release. By the end of the week he had 24 hours on this game. This was horrible for me, as it was already hard for me to find ways to spend time with my son, as he is always out with his friends or just watching YouTube. So I decided to make a Steam account and get this game to see if I could maybe play alongside him. I loaded into the game, picked my character and started playing but I was stuck on what you where supposed to do. I asked my Son for help and he hosted a game for me to join. I loved it as it was the best time I had spent with my Son since my wife had died. This game has ever since brought me and my son closer again and now we actually spend time together outside the house together as well. This game reminded me that there's fun to be had in everything, and it has brought both me and my Son many happy memories.
MUY EPICO
+rep +vaib
pochinite servera churki
si
It's horror but not scary lol. Lethal Company is almost the same as this game! :)
i didnt like lethal company but i LOVE this
sexo puro
Quel banger en vrai
dedin yarra yedin
very good game
gzl
Insanity
10/10
un juego herrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrmosooooooo
This game makes me look like the thumbnail/mascot.
Even on my Gaming PC, I keep disconnecting, no matter what I do. The game is fun! but the disconnecting is INSANE! And I feel like public servers would be a lot of fun too! But the lag and disconnecting is so bad in the middle of the day, at night and in the morning it is great though!
funny.
all hail the bucket of satan
es macht mit der richtigen truppe verdamt viel und entwickelt sich zum suchtfaktor
je fajn na hodin
juegazo para pasar horas con amigos
10 10
10/10
O jogo maravilhoso demais pra jogar com os amigos! kkkkkkkk
Gem Gud. Recommend.
qwuack
Gra jest zajebiste jedyny minus gry to nie zmiana
Muy divertido, esperamos con ansias mapas, es genial
Es un juego demasiado divertido y los sustos son el que le da gusto jugar con amigos y desconocidos la verdad, es muy poder conocer gente nueva jugando, su compatibilidad es muy buena, la verdad nunca me fije en los porque el juego en si te atrapa de una vez para socializar y completar los objetivos con muchas risas, si no tienes amigos para invitar a jugar puedes encontrarlos en discord o en alguna red social.
it took what made lethal company fun and expanded on it, the mechanics are fun and the game feels really good to play overall. whoever coded the facial expressions deserves a raise!
funny funny
most fun ive had in a while
Jeu incroyable mais il juste manque des serveurs pour jouer en multi avec d'autres personnes
Juegazo para perder la voz de tanto reirte cada partida es mejor que la anterior
10/10 game
fun asf
Fun game, just wish it was balanced better when it comes to the eye and how many things can spawn when you're early in the game. It's such a pain to get out of and that's really my only complaint when it comes to enemies. It sucks how there is no random lobby matchmaking system, but I know the devs are fixing that issue. Overall it's worth the $10.
Absurdo de foda. A que eu "reclamaria" diz mais respeito sobre as pessoas com quem vai jogar do sobre o jogo em si. Como ele permite seus amigos simplesmente decidirem fazer de o objeto de "estudo" grupal e te bulinar ou te jogar no bicho e tu morrer de vezes pode ser frustrante, mas eu julgo, todas as vezes que eu fiz isso com eu ri muito, isso. O karma uma e muito frequente nesse joguinho de estudado
ive played lethal company, ive played cotnent warning, and now ive played repo, all 3 games are drastically differnt in their own unique ways but keep the same theme of looting with monsters trying to stop you in a goofy horror setting, amazing to play with friends
Frogman
Lo que me ha gustado de R.E.P.O. es su sistema de realista. Transportar un piano o una nunca ha sido tan complicado (y divertido). La es clave, y el juego logra momentos de y risas gracias a esta la variedad de enemigos mantiene cada partida impredecible: algunas criaturas prosperan en la oscuridad, mientras que otras se en sabotear tus planes.
3 otizimli bu oyuna girmeyin mentalimi kaybediyorum
It is very R.E.P.O
content warning
top
Git gut
fun
incredibly fun with the right people
ok
Ever wanted to be a space repo agent, kicking down doors and "reclaiming" valuables? R.E.P.O. lets you do just that except the doors bite back. This roguelike throws you into procedurally generated chaos, where every job is a mix of strategy, luck, and sheer panic.
The pixel-art cyberpunk world is gritty, the upgrades keep things fresh, and the high-risk, high-reward gameplay will have you saying, "Just one more run. right before you lose everything. 10/10, would go broke again.
TU MAMA ES WEONA
R.E.P.O Great!
Absolute cinema.
-
-
-
-
5
What we all needed but didn't know, 10 dolla hero
PEAK (this requires friends or people from discord etc)
its very fun but there is only 3 maps so it gets repetetive but 100% worth
Game is so fun and hilarious
How to play R.E.P.O:
Have you and your friends spend 10 minutes figuring out what color to choose.
Load into the level.
Joke of with you friends while simultaneously breaking everything.
Have all your friends die.
Try to clutch while not peeing your pants.
Know all your friends are laughing at you.
And if you successfully pull this all off, enter the shop.
Screw around for the better part of an hour.
Repeat.
R.E.P.O. -
R.E.P.O. -
R.E.P.O. -
R.E.P.O. -
re
10 10
upd. 0 yobanuh Babok 10
Scary and fun!
RTYUIOP[]\
NICE
10 10
Sobrevalorado.
Awesome game, awesome community, who wouldn't ask for more? Plus, they are ALREADY working on a new update. In my opinion, right now, this game has SOOOOO much potential.
R.E.P.O. ist ein sehr Cooles und lustiges Game kann es nur empfehlen allein die Idee ist mega sagen das ist das neue Game of the Year 2025 :3
very funny with friends
'
i like that thaer are guns
R.E.P.O. The Only Job Where Breaking Things Still Gets You Paid
Ever wondered what like to be a repo agent in a post-apocalyptic world filled with haunted houses, angry spirits, and furniture that refuses to cooperate? Well, wonder no more! R.E.P.O. throws you and your friends into the thrilling, morally questionable world of supernatural debt your job is to retrieve valuable items from places that REALLY want to give them up.
Gameplay:
Step 1: Enter creepy building.
Step 2: Locate expensive items.
Step 3: Try to carry a grand piano out the door without attracting ghosts, demons, or the wrath of physics itself.
Step 4: Fail miserably as you and your friends trip over each other, scream in panic, and somehow set the entire place on fire.
part horror, part comedy, and 100% guaranteed to ruin friendships in the best way possible. The proximity voice chat means hear every shriek, curse word, and regret-filled decision your teammates make as they get chased down by something way too fast for comfort. The physics-based item handling? just say that carrying a fragile vase through a dark hallway while your buddy accidentally slams a door in your face is an experience that be felt.
The Verdict:
R.E.P.O. is an absolute masterpiece of chaos. like Ghostbusters meets Storage Wars, if Storage Wars had significantly more monsters, screaming, and unintended property damage. If you love games that mix horror with sheer, unfiltered stupidity, this is the one for you.
10/10, would definitely get possessed while trying to steal a haunted refrigerator again.
Bloody fantastic game, love the fact the developers are talking with the community. I have high hopes for this game.
comme
tremenda obra maestra 20/10 y god muy recomendado es muy divertido jugarlo con amigos
ja tak
yes
good game
RKFCC
Always make sure to pick up the duck hes nice and fuzzy
The game is great. The robot designs are adorable, goofy, and frankly perfect. It's such a fun game. Amazing laughs to be had, fr it has great whimsy.
But the emoji is the ugliest thing ever why did they choose that. They shoulda used the robots to advertise.
R.E.P.O.)
AMAZING
Just a big yes
funny
this game is so fire especially with friends I highly recommend you buy this game it also can be funny asl w friends please buy u will not regret bro </3
ok
Lethal company v2
fun
Very fun game, highly recommended for discord servers. Cheap and easy to learn, but hard to master, very repeatable gameplay. Got to level 15 with friends and the chaos that can be had is immense.
its like lethal company but funnier, so fun to play w friends lmao
Man kann seine Freunde umbringen. Das ist toll
Das Spiel ist toll, ich kann meine Freunde im Klo 10/10 Kann nur empfehlen. Developerteam ist auch sehr freundlich und lustig
It has good potential, but I found my first 3 matches in this game very "unfun" if thats even a word. I didnt enjoy it
Pros: funny player characters, pick-up system is good
cons: enemies arent scary, stamina (even when upgraded) is frustratingly bad, it felt like a chore to play this for most of the time
I understand why people like it, but its not for me
never too late to slam a baby into the ground
w
Gra bardzo przyjemna masz znajomych a wam sie nudzi to gra idealna lepsza od wszystkich innych gier typu horror fnaf lol
Similar to Lethal Company, R.E.P.O. is less serious with more goofy fun to be had!
MY GAME CRASHED
funny game
absolute szef
good game
fun
So funny 10/10 would recommend
GUBA SPARGE TOT
it good.
You can reap my o. Dope game with friends
essi jogo e maraviloso, jogo muinto ben ja sou un pleiayr, obingad stleam
I sacrificed my friends to the ganomes would recommend
Best small game ever.
possibly the best of this new-ish genre of horror games
chaos in buy round every time
Spiele es oft mit Freunden, ist richtig chaotisch, aber mega geil. Wenn man auf sowas steht, holts euch. Klare Empfehlung.
i do recommend it for people who are trying to have fun with friends or if you are a content creator. If you have a short attention span or are primarily an FPS player this game is not for you.
scary
skiebiedie
juego muy entretenido para jugar con amigo o desconocidos supuestamente era de terror pero hay mas risas que sustos muy agradable el juego
Meilleur jeu horreur graphisme trop beau le jeu est trop bien avc de la gravity incroyable je conseille LARGEMENT
mas entretenido que la mayoria de juegos de esta tematica, la forma de interactuar con los objetos, otros jugadores y enemigos, las mejoras y "armas", los mapas son unicamente como 4 los que me han tocado, pero cambia su dispocision, los enemigos y su cantidad tambien, en general una experiencia que aunque no es el genero que juego normalmente, se hizo placentero y entendible
IMBA
10 10
great family fun lmao
very fun and intertaining game better than lethal company and all those other games has a perfect balance of horror and goofyness please play this game
w GAME
good
game of the year ladys with gentle hands
cara jogo muito bom so queria ter amigos ricos que tivessem condicao de gastar 33 reais para jogarmos juntos nao gosto de entrar em servidores do discord aonde os caras levam esse jogo a serio ele serve mais pra se divertir e passar raiva recomendo msm se seus nao tenham dinheiro[avise a mae de voces pra ficar quieta quando o cara da espingarda aparecer]
Algunos bugs but 10/10
100 10
more fun than lethal company need more maps and cosmetics please
10 10
geeked lethal company
Fun with Friends
yummy hourglass, delectable hourglass, tasty hourglass.
Pewnego razu dredziarza i jak taki pewnen znajomy na i po chwili smutne to a zabawne polecam cieplutko i na pierdzielone kaczki dziwaczki niby to tak wrodzone demony
YUUUUUUUURRRRRRRRRRRRRR
Verry funny with friends
-
This game taught me that home invasion and beating up it's habitants is perfectly fine and fun
10/10 would assault homeowners again!
lUSTIGES SPIEL
perfecion
beatiful
I lost a $20,000 piano because it suddenly exploded while I was going up the stairs
10/10 would game again
un juego perfecto para jugar con amigos sin brazos
buy this game
pretty funny.
guzel oyun
el meo juego loko pa jugarlo con las guatonas de 4to medio yera
Could one day be better than LC
7 time out client
I gave my friends swirlies 10/10 would flush again.
Duck go quack. I quack back. We go back and forth. I call it a good duckie and pet duck. Duck no like. Duck eat my butt out. 10/10
good, very cool 8/10
very funny, so silly, makes me giggle, hehe, haha!
10/10
Deidad superior
is really good and funny
Goofy ahh character and action everything is goofy as fuck in this game its very fun fun
esta chistoso
R.E.P.O. is an absolute blast with friends and features a strong gameplay loop, but the dev team seriously needs to change the title design, thumbnail and game icon, as it makes the game look really cheap and even a little dodgy.
Other than that, really good horror comedy game with a lot of potential for the future. Would recommended, but only with other people, especially friends.
bir yere
Why are you reading reviews, get it already it is so fun
Good game. My friend was killed by a duck.
Very Fun
it is the most funniest game ever frfr
You know that feeling you had when you played Lethal Company for the first time? This game will give you that feeling again. I've very much enjoyed my time playing it.
fun
une seul chose a dire:
ne jamais faire confiance au poulet
Lethal Company walked, so that R.E.P.O could RUN!
To put it simply, this game is fun with friends, absolutely horrible alone.
best omg so much fun with friends
iim gunna leave a repo on a repo
10/10
tengo sida
i would recommend this game for people who like lethal company its a very scary and funny game
DIMAIS COMPRA
Played this game twice and both of the sessions we had, we didn't noticed that we had been playing for over 5 hours each time.
funnyy
Je recommande
Amazing game, like lethal company, way better with friends (for optimal experience use a soundboard)
Excelente juego para jugar con tus compas y si no tienes haz como yo, Jugar solo y estar como esquizofrenico
555
This game is so fun that my friend crashouted at me after i exploded him. (It was clearly not my fault) trust me.
10/10 game
good
very fun when you are with friends, but very scary when all your friends are dead. 10/10 would die again
W game
Jogar isso com os amigos muito resenha, no total foram 5 pessoas e muito a coisa que deixa no o um pouco salgado, mas vale a pena.
coso
yes
I first saw this game in YouTube videos, and it looked like a blast. Then, while searching for it, I came across that bizarre emoji logo which has nothing to do with the game but I still decided to give it a shot. And honestly? incredibly fun to play!
However, something felt missing in my experience. This game truly shines when played with friends built for shared laughs and chaotic moments. Playing solo just capture the full magic. That said, refunding it because the full experience isn't there for me yet but i'm definitely gonna repurchase the game one day if i get the friend group to play it with me.
For now, give it an 8/10, but with future updates (and maybe some more social features), that score could easily go up!
qweqwed q
I laughed my ass off
[i] <3 [/i]
Juegazo para jijearse en los jijolines
good
maymunlarla girince oluyo
+
Needs Servers.
gra znajomy mnie a potem do kibla a ja na niego
Um jogo para descobrir quem poderia levar pra fazer a da sua casa.
is pretty nice, i mean other than getting mauled to death by a rubber duck and beaten with hammers by gnomes its pretty fun
wodnery
[h1] [/h1]
10 10
Great game so far. I like how you can dive to the ground to hide. Pretty fun when playing with other people too. I'll probably update this review when i have played the game more. I highly recommend you get this game, I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
on zig jib sig this game is sexy
Wenn man die Gegner mit eine falle laufen sie direkt weg, nur wenn man an sie dran ist greifen sie an und wenn man dann wider ein schritt weg gehen sie wider. bis man eine ausdauer hat. Dann laufen sie dir durch die ganze Welt. ?
lethal company but better
funny game with friends
Esta Chevere te cagas del susto, y de la risa.
fajna gra
10/10
[h1]3 hours in, and I'm hooked. [/h1]
R.E.P.O has quickly become one of the best horror survival games I've played in a while. The tension, the atmosphere, and the thrill of survival make it stand out.
The game would benefit greatly from adding an option to join random servers that feature is definitely needed.
On a lighter note, my friends and I laughed this much in ages. easy to jump into, runs smoothly, and take long to load. Perfect for both casual and intense sessions.
wasnt aware christopher kyle was reborn with a shotgun
fun
a
Foda
lo peta esto
so funny
-{ Graphics }-
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
-{ Gameplay }-
☑ Very good
☑ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
-{ Audio }-
☐ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
-{ Audience }-
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☑ Grandma
-{ PC Requirements }-
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☑ Decent
☑ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
-{ Game Size }-
☑ Floppy Disk
☑ Old Fashioned
☑ Workable
☐ Big
☐ Will eat 10% of your 1TB hard drive
☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it
☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data
-{ Difficulty }-
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☑ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
-{ Grind }-
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☑ Average grind level
☑ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
-{ Story }-
☑ No Story
☑ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
-{ Game Time }-
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☑ Average
☐ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond
-{ Price }-
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☑ If it's on sale
☑ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
-{ Bugs }-
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☑ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
-{ ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☑ 8
☐ 9
☐ 10
fun and funny
VERY GOOD
Fun to play w friends, not alone tho
Pour ceux que cela le jeu est faisable en solo et c'est un bon scare-jump game avec loot sans timing.
Il y a des mods pour optimiser vos parties. Les mods sont sur thunderstore.io
(Lethal compagny loot, darker, more shop item)
Simple : et extraire le zip Bepinex dans le dossier du jeu et et Zehs-REPOLib.dll dans le dossier Bepinex/plugins[/u], tous les autres mods en .dll et _assets se placent au endroit et c'est bon.
Amusez vous bien
cara al sol
UPDATE:
RFRFIRF
Fi
HeadMan
maymun tut arabaya koy
Tried Carrying a Heavy Staff up some stairs
Nearly Dropped into lava because brain.exe stopped working
Called Friend to help carry it
Fall into lava just after placing staff into extraction point
5secondslater
My body shoots out of the lava, hits my friend in a mathematically fucking perfect way, knocking him into lava
King of the losers
10/10 would make a great movie
I did not cheat belive me I was just getting my dih sucked by lil hucam
:
God
com amigos isso se torna uma farra do krlh KKKKKKK
fucking god
2
Lethal Company
-
point & click,
Who knew games could be fun
10 10
Android thingy-dingy funny
Waiting for the option to join random people or making a public room because its just playable with steam friends.
I know its a fun game and i will change my recommendation when its fixed.
Yup :P
FUN GAME WITH FRIENDS
best game ever im gunna jizz inside of u ryland
got nasty head from skull while hiding under a table 10/10
ver gud gam i blow up gary ryan millar in it
rly fun game heres a tip: robe the black monster with a white face and a humpback moves rly slowly if u dont look at him
Tam
JBL
Uno dei giochi noiosi e scomodi che abbia mai giocato
Pu la merde, une fois que t'a plus d'objet sur la map t'es quand tu tues un boss le loot explose, c'est full au fion nvm
lethal company if it was made by a real dev team and not a 17 year old furry
A true follow up to lethal company and an evolution of the genre. The devs have knocked it out of the park!
Ha sido muy divertido ver me carreaban de morir una y otra vez, 10/10, gran juego
kill your friends after they break your shit
J'ai REPO, j'ai join, j'ai vu mon pote exploser et j'avoue, j'ai ri
Bref j'ai REPO
rep
8
=
very fun
its good
very funny. go play with friends. its cool, funny, and funny
2
I love how funny this game is I recommend YOU the one reading this to download this and buy it for 10 bucks like how I did (unless you already own the game) 100000000/10
IT FUNNY WITH FRIENDS
lots and lots of fun!
BUEN JUEGO PARA AMIGOS MUY DIVERTIDO
FODA DEMAIS
~This review has a happy ending (sort of) please bare with me ~
My wife and I unexpectedly lost one of our dogs and had been in a deep depression for a while. One of my buddies recommended this game because of how fun and funny it is. My wife and I typically play duo games together, but when we tried our first round, we were laughing hysterically. It was the first time I had heard her laugh since the tragedy. $10 doesnt come close to the value we got out of this game.
Rest in peace, Dusty Dog.
/Rant
expected lethal company, which i do like. but this is so much more. the devs are very active and funny on youtube, so definitely looking forward to updates.
Ano je to mega sranda ve :DDDD
2+
1
make for the funny
amazing with friends
AAAAAAAaaaaaaa._
/
Lo jugue con 3 amigos lo compramos full price, y valio cada centavo, practicamente ya se pago solo
Lo que lloraba de la risa por dios! Ojala sigan esta movida y continuen con mas niveles, mas objetos y ese punto comico tan caracteristico
(el emoticon ese es fulerisimo, me cuesta vender el juego con el logo ese de emoticon, es mas facil con los personajes)
a good lethal company inspired game
KAYYYA
10/10
Great game to play with a group. 10/10
10 1
harika
Banger
180
w pokoju obok i kolega tube 10/10
very goodness game
mucq
-R.E.P.O
30
10 10
bocaaaaaaaa
Es un juego muy entretenido con mucho potencial por delante.
very good
Absolute Cinema
I love this game. It's super fun and keeps you on your toes. It's especially fun with friends. The proximity chat is a great feature. Nothing but good things to say about this game.
This game is amazing and would recomend.
funny
> I enter the game
> Oh, found the blind guy
> Press T
> pee pee poo poo
> I'm dead
The best version of the lethal company, content warning, and similar types of games. It's silly, fun, overall quite well balanced in monster variety in terms of what they do. The repos themselves are funny and cute, and the text chat speaking like voice chat is genuinely brilliant for funny moments.
my only 2 minor complaints are that there's sometimes a lot of runs where it seems like walking simulator, and this one is very minor and more of a suggestion than a complaint, but i would enjoy it if i could customize the bots more than just the color. like lil hats or etc.
regardless def at least an 8/10 game with very minor "issues" and would reccomend this over most games in this genre.
Muito lindo
H
Me
blind guy aint fucking blind he has better aim then hawkeye the cunt
este juego hace que mis feromonas aumenten gracias
perfection.
si
very fun
f
the hourglass is amazing
Easily one of the best extraction horror-type games I've played, it's hilarious, scary, and mechanically VERY well put together. Don't let the stupid emoji banner fool you.
10
Fun coop game.
DO NOT PICK UP THE DUCK
DO NOT PICK UP THE DUCK
DO NOT PICK UP THE DUCK
DO NOT PICK UP THE DUCK
DO NOT PICK UP THE DUCK
DO NOT PICK UP THE DUCK
DO NOT PICK UP THE DUCK
DO NOT PICK UP THE DUCK
DO NOT PICK UP THE DUCK
DO NOT PICK UP THE DUCK
DO NOT PICK UP THE DUCK
DO NOT PICK UP THE DUCK
Also is very fun and incredibly worth it
A must play with friends for unlimited tomfoolery
watch out for gun
Fun with games
[b] 10 10 [/b]
cyku
its all fun and games until you have to fight for the best looser
es un cago de risa
Well, this is really like Lethal Company, with another dose of fun, but almost similar game cycle. Gather things, extract them, extract yourselves, shop, repeat.
Even at the vety start game have enough content to enjoy. But in my opinion - you need 2 or more friend to play with, because it is so easy to die here.
Anyway, it worths its price.
For me, i am looking forward for new content, and new friend to buy this game.
That smile as the main image of the game makes the game appearence really worse than it should be.
its pretty good bc i can play it and it is a game
been tickled
wii ball
fun
R.E.P.O
R.E.P.O
R.E.P.O
R.E.P.O
R.E.P.O
R.E.P.O
R.E.P.O
super hra,
grafika ale zase to pro pc. Ve si s
pain.
qdsm,
game is boring if u are invited to a group with boring people
I really like the details and love that developers put in this game.
szex
It's like Lethal Company & Content Warning had a baby! In all honesty this is a great game to play with friends! The animations to the monsters are superb to the point where you never truly feel safe even when your hiding which adds a great fear factor to every level. I always feel like i'm superiorly upgrading when I make it to the shop but one mistake and it can end your whole run, so I would say that I thoroughly enjoy the aspect of only getting one day to accomplish the task as well. The laughs and fear this game brings makes it so much fun with friends with TONS of replay-ability.
I would recommend a slightly better system while swinging weapons around to make them slightly more effective unless your going for a more clumsy feel while swinging at enemies then by all means i would say you accomplished that. It's enough to make you tear your hair out at times but also feel satisfied when you connect your hit on a monster. OVERALL GREAT GAME! Cant wait to see what you all continue to add to it going forward!
funi
10
we got far
we all died
we kill each other
everyone's a loser
10/10 game
This shitty ass game with the fucking dirty duck thing attacking for nothing and loot alwways not enough bitch ass game get this shit off my screen thankyu for listening
Super Fun!
very goof and enjoyment
Purely goated game
Game is Fun, Crashes periodically but due to being a new game and being in Early Access. Would like a Online play where you can join Other People around the world. Unfortunately you can only play with friends you have added on Steam. Has a lot of potential, In comparison to other games its like Lethal Company.
Good game, need new pants. 10/10
my friend shot me and brutally killed me in a death arena
10/10 would play again
2.5
This game was really fun until Elliot Bendy and SkapieSora decided to start meat riding each other and not letting anyone else join
;)
5 5
Live Laugh Love
been a while since been able to get my friends to all agree on playing an indie game together, and this one really hit the mark. It takes me back to when games were simpler and focused more on fun rather than endless content or specific goals. You play it just because enjoyable, plain and simple.
One of my favorite features is the ability to save a run and swap players. You can stop the game with four people in your squad, then come back another day and continue with six two more. You even need the same group of people! had up to 8 players swapping in and out during a single run, and it was beyond entertaining. Only exception seems to be the game host.
Totally worth the price, the experience, and definitely worth convincing your friends to get in on the fun!
Terrible Lethal company clone, and Lethal Company isnt good to begin with.
+
Game
funny
10 10
It's like:
A little bit of Luigi's Mansion.
A bit of a Fallout vibe.
A solid mashup of the Lethal Company and Phasmophobia genre.
A little bit creepy but the hilarity of everything overrides that. Mentioning that because I'm not a fan of games where I am scared and anxious the whole time.
Where it really sets itself apart and is the best of the Looter Horror genre so far in my opinion:
Plenty of things to loot. I love Lethal Company but sometimes you would just wander around and rarely find things, I loved that in REPO there are tons of things to grab and cash in.
TTS. Always a winner with some goofy text to speech (Voices what you type in chat).
I don't want to spoil any other shenanigans, but make sure to play with the ingame chat for some hilarious game interaction. Seems best with 4 or more friends in my opinion.
What I don't like:
The emoji on the store page freaks me the frick out, the one in-game is fine but I hesitated buying the game purely because of the store page emoji idk why but it has to be said.
Great game, was originally going to hold out for a sale but very happy purchasing it at full price ($9.99 as I'm writing this March 2025).
Took what Lethal Company did and perfected it. Good monster designs, good atmosphere, and it's pretty well made overrall.
great
I just started the game and some freaky ahh monster burned my peenar and took my genetial 4ever. 10/10 best game ever
Le jeu est sympa, mais je pense qu'il serait encore plus sympa avec la prise en charge manette
SoundPad)
This is a thrilling,yet fun game
Haven't had this much fun in months.
Thank you for this. I cannot wait for even more content.
THis game looks pretty fun
360
Muy bueno para jugar con tus amigos mas pndjos
10
Funniest game I've played in ages
www
JBL
so amazingly fun to play with friends!
brutal
0.0
veri fani geim tu plei wif frends end oder pypal, ai veri rekomend dis geim tu plei
very funny
antonia nibbers
My easiest pick for 2025 "Better with Friends"
very fun, forgiving, and chaotic
10
fun af
FIRE!
Better version of lethal company kinda hard to host a game with friends when my internet sucks tho cause it just kicks us all out of the game.
fun
haha scream is funne
Simply Hilarious
This game is truly hysterical and so much fun to play. I can't recommend it enough. Buy it, and put your friends in hilariously precarious situations.
yes
un lethal company en mieux,
servera hueta
goty
Really good game, but is in dire need of matchmaking/ online lobbies. Using the official discord to play with people that come and go is obnoxious
killed myself with a shotgun 10 nirvana's out of 10
amazing
b
best horror game ever.play with your friends and have some funny time together trying to hide or kill the monster .and don't forget to find all the object to finish your level.and try to not break the objects because you will lose money. have fun.
Esse jogo BOM, como se Lethal Company e Content Warning tivessem tido um filho, simplesmente maravilhoso, mas recomendo apenas se vc tiver amigos, pois ainda criar partidas no jogo.
Very good game, Imagine lethal company mixed with physics engine like human fall flat.
Despite its similarity to other similar games it stands apart as something different, the gameplay and loop is different, the design is different, even the main objective of the game is inherently different.
A lot of people are using this game to drag other games like lethal company or are dragging the game saying its just a knock off. And ultimately neither of those things are true. Both games stand apart and do a similar concept very differently and both are brilliant for it. It just depends on what you want atm. My group have been jumping back and forward between these regularly and its very easy to see that they both scratch different itches.
Quite literally amazing in every aspect.
Super fun and surprising smooth for being a little robot guy, the physics are wonderful and make for great times with friends, the monsters have lots of variety to them, the sell-able items also have a good chunk of variety as well, the funny robot voices, the great upgrades feel impact-full, the buy-able items are super fun to mess with, and the maps are just wonderful!
Even the devs are super nice and love to interact with the player-base which intern allows us to help make the game better, love semiwork!
A perfect combination of horror, comedy, and engaging gameplay. Super fun with friends, affordable, and has a dedicated and responsive development team.
yarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrag
Lethal'den daha iyi oyun laaan
ok
-
its very fun with friends
Dieses digitale Unterhaltunsprodukt erachte ich als gelung. Der blinde HS kann mir die Fot lecken.
fighting to the death at the end is kinda the best thing ever done
love the game
Laughed so hard my asthma kicked in.
10/10 Funniest game I have played in awhile.
its coo
macht sehr viel und ist sehr lustig
its so fun to play with friends. the devs love their games
Juego muy entretenido para jugar con amigos, recomendado de cojones, me parto la polla jugando
Good Game
5 hours already?
This game is very good even in early access and soon they will add matchmaking! until then join the Official Discord.
best game and its very good with mods too
1234567890
sehr witzig
very fun and cool fun
Extremely fun, highly recommend.
Super fun game with Friends. Even though it hasen't had a update yet once they add more monsters and maps it'll only get better def worth the 10 bucks can't beat it. I played a lot of lethal company with my friends and this just a way better version of lethal. Would recommend to play.
C'est incroyable
FLINT AND STEEL
so goofy and funny, this game is the best south park canadian simulator
10000000000/ 10 bomboclat pussy egg
Professional work environment sim
prdel :D
I love getting 1 tapped and im not even playing Cs2
great excuse if you wanna yell at your friends
jo
Good game
Kolega jak tam wchodzi to potwory bo komputer kwantowy na ziemie i dungeon a kolega burd#l razem z potworami. Polecam
i love it when my friend drops a valuable item
Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
great game, but definitely needs some fixes, sometimes enemies will spot you even though you're completely out of sight, and weapons in general control like ass
De entre todas las entidades hostiles que hay en el juego ninguna es tan letal como los que se hacen llamar mis amigos, los nerfeen en alguna update.
bellerrimo
gud game
Good fun time and I like that when you die there is a chance to be revived. It is also super silly and entertaining to play with a good group of pals. Although the spooky guys come around pretty often and its sometimes hard to get things done.
Game
This game doesn't take itself too seriously, and that's what makes it so hilarious and fun.
I got this game because my younger sister did, and I thought "sure, another Lethal Company style game, it'll be fun for an hour or two and then I'll move on" - and for the price, that would have been totally fine! But after an hour or two I had lost track of time and played for some 5-6 hours. The physics are just functional enough and just janky enough, the enemy logic is never too frustrating or unavoidable, the text-to-speech is HILARIOUS, and the amount of side-eye you can give the people you're playing with is perfection.
Please never change the side eye.
I'm excited to see where development for this goes since the devs have talked about adding more and have been incredibly receptive to feedback! Looking forward to another hundred hours in this thing beating people over the head with diamonds. :)
so tus son unos monos el juego lo nota y te pone una para que avances pero en la siguiente te muestra quien manda 10 / 10
10/10
Nice Game yes yes
YES ABSOLUTELY YES OH MY GOD THIS GAME IS AMAZING YESSS!
Very fun game! Give us more haunts, keep them coming!
ojala cuando la ponga sea igual de bueno q este juego
yes
It's just a job
Amazing game fun with friends
Absolutely hilarious; like lethal company but somehow funnier
10
geiles spiel
repo haha
in my opinion this game is a 10/10 i would recommend to people with friends or people how like horror
10 10)
gutta en Lenin-statue som er verdt 30k :'(
symulator cygana 10/10
funny robot
Das Spiel ist ziemlich gut ein Early Access Spiel bietet es schon ziemlich viel
Der Online Modus ist ziemlich gut ausgearbeitet und bislang nur ein einziges mal
Wenn ich das Spiel beschreiben dann eine Mischung aus Horror und fun
Ich empfehle das Spiel weiter allerdings sei gesagt das man es online zusammen spielen sollte da der Singleplayer doch schnell an Reiz verliert
I got to shoot my friend and call him slurs. 10/10
/
very funny
Soundpad+fried
R.E.P.O. really a horror more of a goofy, chaotic experience filled with weird moments and unexpected humor. The gameplay is fun for a couple of evenings, but expect deep mechanics or serious scares. If looking for a short, meme-worthy game to mess around with, this might be it.
es maravilloso
honestly better than lethal, content warning, murky divers etc. all together.
you cant play the god damn game if you have no friends to play with
0/10
i
fun
Best game as well as content warning
Oyun ve Lethal Company gibi benzer oyunlardan benzersiz sahip. Ancak, maskot ve kapak o kadar ki, oyunu denemekten bile kaliteli ve bu da ilk izlenimi olumsuz etkiliyor. Buna Lethal Company veya extraction horror oyuna bir vermeye keyifli ve hitap edebilir.
i liked it when the duck single handedly killed 7 monsters and my whole team
very nice coop horror game
si
FUN GAME
amazing game
Que jogasso da porra compra isso sem medo
maravilhoso
Game award
ts amazing and i really love all the "monsters"
I hate this game in a very good way.
Jogo bom! Comprei pra jogar com os parceiros sem esperar nada e surpreendeu, a gente riu pra krl. Vale de mais e tomara que atualizem o do jogo com o tempo.
great
nigga crazy shit all over my balls
Besseres Lethal Company macht mega
360 10)
Goated
zajebista gra zabawy w kilka osob smieszna ale nudna sie robi jak ktos ciagle trolluje zamiast probowac wygrac
3 1 10 10
good to play with friends
5
A very fun experience with friends! The only problem is the steam banner. Made me think it was some cheap meme game at first and tried it only when a friend recommended it.
Have you ever wondered what would happen if you took lethal company and content warning? Well! Then you got R.E.P.O.! A fantastic and fun game where you and your friends will try and steal as many valuables as possible without dameging them! When you do this you might end up finding some goofy characters such as a bird who loves to any you and will kill you on sight if you hurt it, A clown who shoots out a beam of death, an old dude who is a bit trigger happy with his weapon and many more!
I believe that i have killed my friends way more times then what the monsters have if i will be honest.
Recommend!
good game change the tumbnale tho
Fun, cheap, very similar to Lethal Company, but better. Needs some more maps, but it's very very addicting and hilarious with friends.
good game
Incroyable
[h1]Rating[/h1]
7/10 (B-tier)
A pretty fun game with friends that successfully remixes the Lethal Company formula. It's still new so there's a lot of room for improvements too.
[h1]Details[/h1]
You really can't talk about this game without mentioning Lethal Company so I'll just lean into it and compare the two games whenever I can. Maybe you'll find it useful. I'll just abbreviate Lethal Company as LC from now on.
[*]Visuals: The various filters that are on by default make the game very pixelated and grainy and I think those are bad. But you can just turn those off making it look pretty good
[*]Music and sound design: It's good I'd say. Music doesn't play a big role. I kinda like LC's sound design more personally but I can't point out any objective quality differences
[*]Controls / movement: The controls are fine. I especially like the launch ability. Rotating items can be a bit clunky though and the stamina system is just as annoying as in LC. At least the levels aren't super huge (from what I've seen) making it not that big of a deal. Sadly even if your ping is decent (like say 30ms) you'll still feel a noticeable difference in responsiveness when interacting with objects in multiplayer. It's nothing major but also doesn't feel great
[*]Difficulty: REPO feels more forgiving than LC because you can usually revive your friends multiple times per level and there's no time limit. Plus it's actually rather easy to avoid many of the enemies if you play very safely / patiently (although it can be boring). The lack of a time limit can lead to some very long lasting levels and big stretches of time spent spectating others. This might be one of the bigger flaws of REPO as of now
[*]Overall variety: The level and enemy variety is okay. Still lots of room for more! I prefer LC on this point. But I am surprised with how many interesting items there are so that's a big plus
[*]Enemies: The enemies are interesting and distinct with their own gimmicks. Sometimes I'm starting to feel like they're kind of annoying rather than scary or imposing though and a few of them seem somewhat overtuned. Also it's kind of a shame that the counterplay for many of them is just to hide under the nearest table for a minute until they leave again. Can be a little bit repetitive but overall I still enjoy them. LC has its own problems with some of the enemy gameplay designs however so I'm not sure which one is better yet. Time will tell
[*]Tools and upgrades: I like the shop system in this game more because you can try items out before buying them and grabbing things from a shelf is better than typing commands into some terminal. The tools and upgrades themselves are fun to use and often also meaningful and useful. A few of them seem a bit overpowered (Indestructible drone and baseball bat). Mines, grenades and some other things on the other hand can be quite hard to use effectively. Hitting enemies with melee weapons or blowing them up is really satisfying and funny by the way!
[*]Goals: Pretty much the same as in LC where you just play to survive and get as far as possible. I like how in REPO you can clearly feel the game get harder as you progress through the levels though and it's also more intuitive to have a level number instead of some arbitrary highscore quota
[*]Proximity voice chat: It's good and there's a bunch of elements in the game that interact with your voice in funny ways. LC still has the upper hand on this aspect though based on my experience. Hearing screams in the distance or right before somebody's death just feels better there for some reason. Maybe something about the range of sounds and how the muffling works, not sure. One unique thing REPO has is the text to speech which is pretty funny too but usually just something you play around with when you're dead / bored
[*]Item collecting: Just the act of searching for, transporting and arranging items is actually really enjoyable I think. This is in my opinion the biggest thing REPO has over LC where the items are less interactive, less interesting and also more cumbersome to carry back and forth due to the severely limited inventory space and the weight system. In REPO things are also more often worth the effort spent getting them
[*]Horror factor: This game is a lot less scary and more on the cartoony side I'd say. LC provides a better mix of scary and funny for me, mostly because of the general atmosphere / ambience. It's also pretty rare to be alone in this game as the levels aren't that big and everyone will be bringing items to the cart or an extraction point very frequently
[*]Coop aspects: There's some teamwork involved in carrying large items and it's quite chill. But there's not much else besides that and sharing tools / health with each other. In LC you have the terminal plus some enemies that are designed around coop and that is missing here. Not necessarily a downside though. Oh yeah: There are many ways to troll each other!
[*]Mods: As of now there are not many mods for REPO yet (duh) but the future seems bright I'd say. I think it's not an understatement to say that the massive amount of cool mods gives LC a huge edge over any similar game including this one
[*]Bugs & performance: I have encountered a few bugs but they're not very common. Performance is great
In summary I think REPO establishes itself as a unique and worthwhile game despite the many similarities it has. But I do not see myself putting 200+ hours into it yet, unless we get like 5 more level layouts and 10 more enemy types (whether that be through updates or mods).
bardzo fajna gra
nice
Fun game, Balancing could use a bit of work and tweaking overtime for larger groups of players, later levels seem more chaotic with a bit more areas that are typically out of reach without upgrades, but i'd be fun to see more floor levels as well. Overall fun game and I love being killed by my friends somehow
e bom
I spawn die but in a funny robot way.
very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very good game
peak
TRES BON JEU DE DEMENAGEUR
/
R.E.P.O
really cool, funny, dumb, perfect.
Really fun game! Has a very similar feel to other games of the same style, such as Lethal Company or Content Warning, Headliners, etc. The game can be scary at times, but is genuinely good fun if played with friends and with a microphone. The single player mode is also available, and is pretty decent. However, I would recommend playing the multiplayer in this game, as it can lead to some hilarious and unforgettable moments.
its a better lethal company that has devs that love us
Very coo
Gayet karakterler komik ifadeler iyi en ufak hatada itemin ediyoruz ama oynamak isteyen varsa ekleyebilir +22 tercih
-
funny game :)
Bardzo i wymaga czasu aby ale super zabawa
my neighbour thought i was getting slaughtered bc i screamed and he called the police 10/10 would get swated again
✅ funny moments
✅ cool monsters & weapons
✅ quick & fluid world load times
✅ revivability (not dead all game)
❌ emoji mascot
Una REPOronga
no
v70
it's just another worse lethal company clone, i don't get the hype
amazing game with lots a scary monsters 1000/10 :3
funny
went to a house whit my friend. a man with a shotgun shot my friend and he exploded.i hid. he didnt se me. i called him a bitch ass fucker. the man proceeded to brutally shoot me snd i fucking exploded
cant fuck the robe tho
8 10.
This is the best game, it has everything from fear to laughter, so your jaw starts to hurt, this game interested me much more than Lethal Company
i love it
its ok
funny
Super funny, you're not dead the entire game if you get killed. I like being able to have more than 4 people in game unlike some other games.
funny game
funny
A very good fun playing with crazy friend :)
Dieses Spiel: 10/10 peak fiction
beans ass mf
5
i like beating the shit out of my teammates when we die
great game to play with your partner.
this game WILL make you laugh out loud and get your teammates killed because you found it hillarious that a blind guy has a shotgun and amazing aim, just make sure he's not aiming at you.
the best part is fighting the team to the death for a little crown
this game is great its preety fun but they should add a match making like content warning or a sever list like lethal company
JBL
debt collector sim
silly
game made me release my inner skib also watch out of slender man guy he is scary
imba
Very fun. Highly recommend!
Beste wo gibts
20/10
I've played games all my life and never got a noise complaint. Got my first one last night because I was laughing so hard after buying this for my friend and I.
If you've been wanting to get into these collection style games with a friend this would be one of the better ones from what I've seen.
I hope to see more love put into this game overtime as of right now its still in early access.
Great fun, get a soundboard and let the good times roll!
e
great game
If you still haven't gotten this Game. I'd say get it now.
It's a really well made, "horror" Game with fun mechanics. REPO is fun alone or with friends. But playing with Friends has made my life worth living again. The proximity voicechat gives me flashbacks to 2023 Lethal Company and it adds such a great Value to an already well put together experience. And don't worry if you don't have a mic, you can communicate through the t2s chat aswell.
The monster designs also look pretty good imo, Apex Predator is my favourite. Definitely worth you money.
Get it now!
When my family isn't needing me every 3 seconds, I enjoy playing this game with friends. The only thing that's been annoying me is the constant random acts of disconnects and crashing.
ta to wapo
Soundpad
Enemies aren't really scary at all but the game is funny. Still doesn't come close to Lethal Company, though.
Hi you are dooing grate ceep the good werck up.
This game has some of the most BS deaths ever, and I cannot be mad about it because it's always hysterical. It's not a fault of anything with the game, strictly getting caught at the wrong place against the wrong enemy combination. Simple mechanics, quirky, and definitely fun both solo or co-op. Haven't laughed this hard in a long time playing with friends. So if you have a couple of people to run it with, highly encourage you to do so.
It's okay to screw around, that's half the fun and another reason to keep playing!
The best game I own.
Yeah, baby
Ayy
I want you to be mine again, baby, ayy
I know my lifestyle is drivin' you crazy, ayy
I cannot see myself without you
We call them fans, though, girl, you know how we do
I go out of my way to please you
I go out of my way to see you
And I want you to be mine again, baby, ayy
I know my lifestyle is driving you crazy, ayy
But I cannot see myself without you
We call them fans, though, girl, you know how we do
I go out of my way to please you
I go out of the way to see you
I ain't playing no games, I need you
Baby, can you understand I'm a young nigga living?
Comin' from the trap, all a nigga know is get it
I ain't chasing no pussy, girl, I'm talkin' 'bout the digits
Big bank rolls in my pockets, all 50s
Turned a little check, then I showed you I could triple it
Baby, it's Zoovier, I only want you
I don't give a fuck who cares, tats on my face
She don't give a fuck who stares, looking too good
Get you fucked on sight
I'm tryna finish this who I started with
I'm tryna spend it all who I got it with, ayy
She my trap queen, let her hit the bando, ayy
We be countin' up, watch how far them bands go, ayy
Hop out my Bimmer, she jump out the Lambo, ayy
Roll them bands up, smooth how the wind go, ayy
Dumping wood guts all out the window, ayy
Married to the money, I ain't never lettin' go, ayy
Baby, it's ZooWap from the bando, ayy
Dumpin' wood guts all out the window, ayy
Married to the money, I ain't never let go, ayy
Baby, it's ZooWap from the fucking bando (I want you to be mine again, baby, ayy)
I know my lifestyle (ayy) is drivin' (ayy) you crazy (yeah, baby), ayy
I cannot see myself without you (ayy)
We call them fans, though, girl, you know how we do (baby, baby)
I go out of my way to please you (baby, baby)
I go out of my way to see you (baby, baby)
And I want you to be mine again, baby, ayy (yeah, baby)
I know my lifestyle is driving you crazy, ayy (yeah, baby)
But I cannot see myself without you
We call them fans, though, girl, you know how we do
I go out of my way to please you
I go out of the way to see you (yeah)
I ain't playin' no games, I need you
I hope you know I need you
Ayy, yeah, baby
I get up on my knees too
Ayy, yeah, baby
Do anything to please you
Ayy, yeah, baby
Top down when we breeze through
Ayy, yeah, baby
Know they call me Zoovier (Zoovier)
We living like a movie (Zoovier)
And all the bands down to goin' up, girl, you know we ran through it
I need you, baby, ayy, I ain't afraid admit it
Girl, I need you, baby, (I need you, baby) ayy, girl, tell me if you with it
Yeah, baby, all the bands, I'ma spend it (ayy)
Big ZooWap to the finish, ayy (baby)
When I come through, they screamin' out (baby)
(I want you to be mine again, baby, ayy) Zoovier, baby, scream it loud
I know my lifestyle is drivin' you crazy, ayy (baby)
I cannot see myself without you (ayy)
We call them fans, though, girl, you know how we do (we do)
I go out of my way to please you
I go out of my way to see you (yeah, baby)
And I want you to be mine again, baby, ayy (I want you to be mine)
I know my lifestyle is driving you crazy, ayy
But I cannot see myself without you
We call them fans, though, girl, you know how we do
I go out of my way to please you (ayy)
I go out of the way to see you
I ain't playin' no games, I need you
(Ooh, ooh)
(Yeah, baby)
(Baby, baby, baby, baby)
(Baby, baby, ba, ba-ba-baby)
(Woo, ah)
(Ooh, ah)
And I want you to be mine again, baby, ayy
I know my lifestyle is drivin' you crazy, ayy
But I cannot see myself without you
We call them fans, though, girl, you know how we do
I go out of my way to please you
I go out of the way to see you
I ain't playin' no games, I need you
good game fun scares the crap out of me and also better then lethal company tbh
Gud
ci sono le paperelle figo
1
super funny game with your friends
sex
BEBE FILHA DE UMA PUTAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
if you hate laughing, and fun. do not buy this game
GOOD
Super funny, but we need public lobbies
-{ Graphics }-
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
-{ Gameplay }-
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☑ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
-{ Audio }-
☐ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☑ I'm now deaf
-{ Audience }-
☑ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☑ Grandma
-{ PC Requirements }-
☑ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
-{ Game Size }-
☑ Floppy Disk
☐ Old Fashioned
☐ Workable
☐ Big
☐ Will eat 10% of your 1TB hard drive
☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it
☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data
-{ Difficulty }-
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
-{ Grind }-
☑ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
-{ Story }-
☑ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ Absolute CInema
-{ Game Time }-
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☑ Average
☐ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond
-{ Price }-
☐ It's free!
☐ Worth the price
☑ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
-{ Bugs }-
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
-{ ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☑ 8
☐ 9
☐ 10
its alright ig
quase morri de rir
these game is stupidly funny. i love this game
your friends are scarier than the monsters
Game is goated, got a lot of things right. Didn't even feel like a Lethal Company clone
so far the best $10 game ive spent on playing fun with others highly recommended
bro this game is out of this world the only thing they need to add is matchmaking so yeah
blub
Muy divertido para jugar con amigos.
pretty funny game with vc but with chat its very funny too. the first game that i palyed with a friend i he went around the corner and got balsted away. turns out it was the clown
KONTOL GEDE MELEDAK"
fan gaym
e
R.E.P.O
Really fun aspecially with friends and way spookier than I thought it would be even with friends on your side.
Really good coop horror game!
hehehehehehe
robinson anderstend of amerika or gus gus javar anda asli depan masjid tingkat sambi cilik gayam gondang wetan rejenji pasuruan is java indonesia mengatakan. sekarang adalah mendung, mendung adalah bukan biasa tapi merupakan sulapan atau hal lumrah seperti, ciptaan-ciptaan Tuhan Yang Lain. Air hujan terbuat dari angin, air bor juga terbuat dari angin, jadi dari 50 kilo 50 kilo air (uhuk) mengalir cukup set? lima menit (uhuk) lima menit air mengalir selama is jauh 50 kilometer. Dan air itu sangat kecil, kata Tuhan air itu sangat kecil, jadi 50 kilo berjalan air hanya 5 menit. Kata Tuhan sangat kecil, yang trebes-trebes (?) itu gansat (?) dunyo gansat (?) dunia itu. Atau air hujan tetes air hujan dan sak dunyo air hujan dan sak dunyo itu yang sak tetes sak tetes jadi air itu sangat kecil. Sekian dari gus javar
If ur playing with 3-5 friends might be one of the best games I've played ( and best horror)
juegardo!
This is the most scuffed up fun i've had in years. an amazing games created by a small company that cares about their community.
indie slop
excelente juego muy entretenido
FAN-FUCKING-TASTIC, even as someone who scares super easily. This might be game of the year for me. 100% give it a shot
270 10 10
Lo recomiendo de verdad las son y da mucho miedo me atrevo a decir que R.E.P.O es mejor que lethal company, tengo lethal company pero se repetitivo y este juego R.E.P.O es superior a lethal me los desarrolladores trayendo noticias del juego constantemente.
this game is one of the greatest games I have ever played in my lifetime.
tre rigolo surtout avec les mods a venir
hhhhh
Muy buen juego pero no hay servidores para jugar con personas y si o si tienes que tener amigos que hayan comprado el juego
game is good, very funny even
Very Good Game With Friends!
Explosive mines one-shot enemies. Yeeeahhh, babyy
TOO MUCH FUN
Very good game. its a fun game to play with friends. really recomended
this is a great game
like
Apex predator falls into a hole. Seeing him fly up looking like this >:( and cursing the whole time was chefs kiss.
Devs cooked something really great with its own unique things and details that are just. Im in love.
So if you're tired of all the cheap lethal company ripoffs like me i promise you, this is not some cheap ripoff. Grab a friend, try it and say hello to Yakub.
11/10
100000/10
Fun game for company
De los mejores juegos de terror que he probado, totalmente recomendable jugarlo con amigos, un 10/10 de manual y sigo esperando actualizaciones grandes, perfectamente entrar en alguna de los GOTY
Macht man kann lachen mit freunden und gruseln
the game is varyyyyyyy fun to play with your friends
muito bom
its so dumb but so fun at the same time 10/10 game
this game is so funny its simmiler to leathal company but way funnier you can also mod it via thunderstore
nice
good game frl
Really scary but really fun!
2
2025
very good
yuhh
1)spawn
2)run
3)win first level
4)go to shop
5)die
6)fight with yours bros to death
7)again
911/10
I gonna repo your car >:)
10 10
-{ Graphics }-
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☐ Good
☑ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
-{ Gameplay }-
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
-{ Audio }-
☐ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
-{ Audience }-
☑ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma
-{ PC Requirements }-
☐ Check if you can run paint
☑ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
-{ Game Size }-
☐ Floppy Disk
☑ Old Fashioned
☐ Workable
☐ Big
☐ Will eat 15% of your 1TB hard drive
☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it
☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data
-{ Difficulty }-
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☑ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
-{ Grind }-
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☑ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
-{ Story }-
☐ No Story
☑ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
-{ Game Time }-
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ To infinity and beyond
-{ Price }-
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
-{ Bugs }-
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
-{ ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☑ 9
☐ 10
lost my voice from screaming of joy from this game.
This game needs :
- Public lobbies
- difficulty slider for the solo mode ( I'M GETTING DESTROYED)
- a change of the Emoji mascot
approved
UN JUEGAZO PERO SERIA MAS DIVERTIDO SI HICIERAN MODS PARA ESTE JUEGAZO SERIA INCREIBLE!
chachi
very funny and enjoyable with friends highly recomend getting this game
uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
XD
41 10 10
Primeiramente, eu borrei minhas
R.E.P.O um daqueles jogos que espera nada e ele te satisfaz com o simples. O fato de apenas entrar em locais para pegar as coisas e deixar no ponto de em primeira vista pode ser algo bem quando se depara com o primeiro empecilho que vai lhe impedir de sair do lugar sem o dinheiro. isso mesmo, o desespero vem.
Espero que nas venham com mais de monstros. Se ele quiser, pode fazer um sucesso grande.
A lot of fun,worth buying 10/10 would recomend to all
i dont like it
fani
10 10
PLEASE ADD STEAM WORKSHOP MOD SUPPORT, ILL DONATE
Recomendado 100%
Vale cada euro. Compralo en Steam dale todo el dinero a los devs que se lo merecen. No lo pilles por IG ni pirata. Estos chicos se lo merecen.
klris
Lethal Company, but actually fun. Really badly needs more maps though.
SO EINFACH UND ENTSPANNT, ZEHN VON ZEHN LEUTE, ZEHN VON ZEEEHHHHHNNNNNNNN
haven't laughed that hard in forever.
Game needs multiplayer Because I don't have many friends It's really inconvenient What's the point of playing the game if you don't have any friends to play it with So just add multiplayer
yeahh
fuck this game
brr skibidi dop do
10 10
This game is a 10/10, but, the problem is that the guy with a shotgun is literally invencible and he can ignore some walls; like an hour ago. The shotgun guy ignored that I was a floor away from him and he shooted at me and I died at level 5. So can you nerf a bit the shotgun guy?. Thanks and have a good day.
fire
Don't play by your self it's VERY scary! =O
king-A
10 dlaczego musisz to
- Kolega dostaje po tym jak pana
- spotkania ze STUU, zabierze cie on w twe ulubione miejsce + jest nie widzialny
- co szcza i dzk temu kolega
- robienia kamikaze
- Robienie drugiej wojny za min
- skibdi tojlet
- dziecko w
- Kolega przedmiot warty jego i je w 8.254 sekund
- przedmioty "przez przypadek" aby ich
- przegranych
10/10
Il est juste excellent vivement les MAJ
my pant are no longer clean
my friends are no longer alive
spokojna
This game is really amazing. The mechanics that are used make it way different and way more fun than a regular loot extraction game. It also leaves room for you to do what you want. You can play serious, or create some really funny moments. Would totally recommend, don't wait if you are on the fence.
✅
✅
✅
❌
Not for me whatsoever.
This game is incredibly good and a very dangerous time machine.
I started playing with my friends yesterday. When I looked at the time after what felt like 2 to maximum 3 hours of playing, I saw that we were playing for 9 HOURS! Then we finished the round in what felt like 20 minutes AND THEN ANOTHER 1.7 HOURS WERE LOST! WHAT THE FUCK HOW DOES THIS GAME DO THAT HELP I WOULD LIKE TO SUE! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
it is fun and scary
The lack of public lobbies is an absolute killer.
Physics is more annoying than charming, and since the game has to synchronize it across players, it becomes a connection issue.
Game sometimes gets forever stuck on loading screens, even when disconnecting from a lobby.
The gameplay itself is really slow and pretty boring, relying almost exclusively on players making their own fun.
The atmosphere is pretty great, mostly, but unfortunately the mood alone cannot carry it.
Ill take the eldritch tentacle monster with TTS over spooky emoji man any day.
yes
fis
10/10
i love this game its soooo scary
Really fun game and has the elements to being great
100 100
993/10
Muy buen juego para reirse con amigos
its fun
if anything breaks, it was the scottish guy.
1000/100
es buenisimo, me cague de la risa y super entretenido
99%
P.DRILL
Very funny
this game is the best to play with friends
high ping without any reason
e divertido jogar se seus amigos tem down
es muy bueno
Way better than Lethal Company.
The only negative reviews I've read here are actually skill issue related.
Watching your friend run away screaming whilst getting chased by a gang of haunted garden gnomes is worth every penny.
Really funny game to play with friends.
better than lethal company.
Also cant wait for the mods and updates to come
Best horror game ever
lethal company again and nothing will tell me otherwise
amazing unique and really fun game
great to have a laugh with friends
la pepo
good game meow
The younger brother of Lethal Company
Hab mich ne Nacht lang mit meinen Freunden fast totgelacht. Naja, da manche Monster einen hat sich der ein oder andere totgelacht.
i sat in a box and had robo times while a giant head was breathing against the box.
only true girl bosses will play this game
nothing will ever compare to the rush you feel when you mercilessly bully a demon to death
Niga
10 10
10/10 GAME!
yo this game is lit with one friend or 5 others. Cant wait to see what the future holds with this game!
I recommend for everyone this game is insanly fun with friends the more the better.
Buen juego, lastima por el viejo choto de la escopeta
360
This piece of crap game, R.E.P.O, is literally a dumpster fire when it comes to networking! The servers are so bad, it's like they're made of a stable connection is harder than climbing to heaven. Every time I try to play, it's either a slideshow of lag or an instant disconnect. Did the developers write the code with their feet? Or are their servers hosted on Mars? If they can't even fix basic networking issues, they shouldn't have the audacity to sell this garbage! Paying for this game is like paying for a torture an IQ tax! The developers should go fix their damn network before embarrassing themselves any further!
very nice very very
good game diggi
TURFCXYTRF
good game
Game seems fun but couldn't play more than 5 minutes without crashing or being disconnected back to the main menu and losing all progress.
A friend of mine gifted me this game a day ago and I've played a few hours of it since. Let me preface this by saying I am NOT a gamer, so keyboard controls are still kind of foreign to me. After completing the tutorial, I was nervous I wasn't going to get the hang of the game, but after playing it for a short while, I picked up the controls with relative ease. The VOIP feature definitely adds to the hilarity of this game, and I highly recommend it for groups of people to play together. The objectives are simple, and the obstacles make this incredibly fun.
funny game, people keep walking in on me jorking it tho
Canadian robots steal things from urbex with terrific monsters
so much fun recommend to play w friends
graphic style so cool and funny
A crazy game with fun and enjoyable mechanics, a must recommend
pretty fun
awesome game funny as heck
en iyi oyunu
Very goofy robots :)
Melhor jogo do ano?
Cara simplesmente Lethal Company 2025! que ainda melhor, muito mais divertido e A melhor parte? MODS!
dit is een leuke spel om je vrienden mee te neuken! would reccomend
I say yes but if you have freinds on steam u can play if not ur playing alone
2
Jam should get it
checkbox by TGZ (TRUSTGAMEZ)
[ ]
[x]
[x]
[ ]
[ ]
[ ]
[ ]
[x] -_-
[ ]
[ ]
[ ] 2
[x]
[ ]
[ ]
[ ]
[ ]
[ ] pc 20
[ ] pc windows xp
[ ] pc
[x] pc
[ ] GTX 4060+ I7+ RAM 16+
[ ] Super computer for alien
[ ] 2 10
[ ]
[ ]
[x] /
[ ]
[ ] Dark Souls
[ ] ( 0 - 2
[ ] ( 2 - 8
[ ] ( 8 - 12
[ ] ( 12+
[x] Temple run
*
[x]
[ ] minecraft
[ ]
[ ]
[ ]
[ ]
[ ]
[ ]
[ ]
[x ]
[ ]
[]
This is why you pay for movers instead of doing it yourself
GOOOD ASS FUCKIN GAME BIG LOVE
MELHOR QUE LETHAL COMPANY LARGUEI A BOSTA DO LETHAL COMPANY ESSE JOGO MELHOR
Muy buen juego, entretenidoo. Algunos bichos bastante rotos, pero vale la pena Lo recomiendo
amazing and fun game to play
jbl
niewidzialny mi na haju i cum monster mnie (mam teraz dzieci
10/10
If you want to get yelled by your friends, then i recommend this game
PROS:
Great fun and great replay value, especially for being so simple.
Easy to learn and play, all my kids (ages 11 and up) love to play.
Here's hoping to seeing lots of QoL updates and add ons in the future!
CONS:
Sometimes its a tad boring watch your friends play for 20-30 minutes while you scroll your phone waiting.
If all the items break and there isn't enough to complete the level it is very difficult to finish. Maybe have a way to respawn them after many minutes if the game noticies that there isn't enough? Killing the monsters for their souls is too hard sometimes to get enought money in those cases too.
OTHER:
I like the emoji thing.
10/10
9
Einfach gutes und mit den richtigen Leuten Lustiges Game. es euch gut mit wem ihr aus Raubzug geht. die Freundschaft xD
Jogo muito bom mas esse emoji como logo do jogo simplesmente idiota, tenho vontade de massacrar a dele e deixar ele para massacrar por
1
i repo
yes
10 10
(
- )
es un juegardo, si lo juegas con solo un amigo es jodido porque cuando palma entonces vas cagao y se hace mas complicado a partir del tercer nivel
most fun game to play with friends
Amazing game with friends or alone. Not too scary, and the devs are being fully transparent and working on adding wanted content every single week. I can't wait to see how this game evolves.
Much more fun than lethal company etc. I really like that you can ACTUALLY escape and hide from the monsters unlike some of the other games in this category.
Juegazo, merece el goty
c bien mais manque de map et de mob
c bien
10/10 would reccomend, just- its more fun withnmore people and lowkey stupid when everyone else dies so you gotta get through it on your own till you can revive them or just reset- idk you do you.
amazing
very fun lethal company-like
hope the devs keep cooking.
nice game
a really funny experience to play with other people, a really stressfull and kinda scary experience to play alone, perfect
kaif
10 10
its fun joined 2 drunk people and it was fun
lll
p.s. jbl
game is a blast with friends! The heavy physics-based interactions and proximity voice chat make for some hilarious and tense moments with monsters around.
10/10, would shoot the duck with shotgun again.
funny robot says: fuck the taxman
xD
very good scary and sigma game
This game is insane, lots of loot lots of caos 10/10!
eaven allone you can play for funn and for some scary shit xD
Mega Geil das Game!
<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3
TUDO
10 10
I farded and a gnome appeared n killed me, 10/10 immersive
peak
It is a hilarious game and fun.
BEST
Nice Game
Simplesmente
My balls are heavy
nics
Good.
hapokasta on
aaa
w game
HW
PLEASE DEVS GET RID OF THE UGLY ASS EMOJI IT MAKES ME WANT TO RIP MY EYES OUT
no but fr the only negative thing I have to say about this game is the emoji looks so bad and makes the game feel overall very tacky, and I nearly didn't download because of it.
I'm glad I did download though, as that stupid ass emoji ended up being the only thing I didn't like about the game
If you're look at this game and are like "wow this just looks like lethal company" well you're, correct and I thought the same. While it is conceptually nearly identical to LC (ie. go into building to collect different priced loot to meet a quota, while evading monsters), it takes that core concept and puts a nice spin on it.
I like how I can actually do something about the enemies, even if it's just as small as hiding; that's something I didn't know i was missing from lethal until I played this game lol.
The physics aspect is really interesting, it definitely adds to the overall enjoyment of the game. I've definitely really enjoyed needing to come up with some creative solutions to problems because of it.
The characters are cute, especially how they compress down when crouching, and their heads flap around when they speak.
Overall this game is definitely worth it, and I've really enjoyed my time thus far, can't wait to see how it develops from here.
(mostly hoping it develops to get rid of that stupid looking emoji)
[h1]BETTER THAN LETHAL COMPANY[/h1]
A goofier version of Lethal Company. Although slightly similar, they are not quite the same. This game managed to stand on it's own. Fun and can be very chaotic especially with friends!
Very fun and comedic
I would not hire my friends to help me move
geil
F
very funny game, hopefully adds more fun stuff 10/10
weekly releasing update info videos to increase the hype of the game. the most funniest can happen here, definetly a MUST HAVE for anyone
It fun. Flapping heads is an industry-disrupting idea.
diva
10 10
fun
just buy the game, none stop laughs with friends
un jeu a la lethal companie mais bien mieux avec beaucoup plus de fun, ce jeu quand vous au moins 3 est exelent je me suis beaucoup et je vais a y souvent
topo
good
Game Of The Year
Soundpad
Good game
10 10
very good
30
zajebista gra na multiplayer czym ludzi tym lepiej
I laughed
10
Goated koop game
cool
Cara simplesmente jogo mais que eu joguei nesse ano incrivel pra jogar com os amigos kkkk
Recomendo cada Centavo gasto nesse jogo.
dupa
Peak
R.E.P.O is when the game is tagged as 'horror' but the only ones experiencing horror are entities
faite attention un ami a moi a le jeu est il ne la pas
lo mejor de lo mejor
jogo bom para krl, um dos melhores jogos para ser jogar com amigos 1-6 players possivel no lobby, COMPREM VALE MT A PENA
IS THAT A GLOCK? also this game is verY VERY FUN I RECCOMEND
yes
+ +
Si puedes jugarlo con amigos no vas a parar de reirte por las idioteces que podeis hacer
le jeu est trop drole
funny ahh game
Really love this game and all the content coming from this game!
This is absolutely funny with friends and the in-game voice chat
Absolutely worth buying and playing.
10/10 fun game!
GET GOO GOO ALU!
10 10
Here I will leave this beautiful capybara, whoever pass by can pet it and give it a thumbs up (I need Steam Points)
*Touches the blind man* *goes out with a bang* 10/10 very fun
Semiwork quota Horror Game Lethal Company. 10/10
niby horror ale polecam dasie z kolegami na poczontku bo jak to potwory
add tax evasion when
Overall I found this tedious and repetitive. We spent most of the time slowly walking around the map over and over again trying to find items to make up the quota and failing to find enough. The camera effects are sickening (thankfully you can turn most of them off), you move unbearably slow, the run energy is very limited and slow to fill up, and the gameplay loop feels extremely similar to Lethal Company. There are some cool things like the items getting damaged and losing value, but this quickly just becomes more frustrating than fun.
Fajna cipka
gut
Fun game
BOM BOM
wenazo, me quiero qlear a la monja
best game ever
Picked up this game to enjoy hanging with friends without a lot of stress.
We do enjoy playing this game as a team but I do not enjoy playing solo. Maybe solo will be enjoyable at higher levels, once you have upgrades. There is no way to save progress and when you get caught by a monster you have to start all over again.
repo
det riktigt rysande den svarta individen springer upp mig
5
-8300$"
fun
Funniest shit i've ever done in my whole life
funny game
I like the part where the huntsman perfectly headshots me from a distance.
dojebane kocham gre
banger comedy machine
fucking hilarious
Lots of funn, my face looked like the logo of R.E.P.O. most of the time.
Great fun with mates, tbh though i really hope they add some more monster soon because they do get a little stale. also the duck monster gets head stuck A LOT of the time so i really hope they fix that soon too
10 10
666
Aga oyun ortamlar, canavarlar falan ama, OYUNDA SAVE ALMAK YOL AQ, Oyunda ilk kolay ama sonradan istenilen para bulmak "canavarlardan" canavarlardan dedim bir tane amk oesi adam gibi bir var, seni tutarsa y*rra yiyon aq, ebesinin kadar bu yetmiyo canavardan hadi diyelim bir de var aq onlarla Bu oe sadece sana zarar veriyor aq, ya hadi hepsini bir da, AMK OYUNUNDA SAVE ALMAK YOK AQ BEN HER EN aq hadi en tamam dicem, gidiyo amk, 0'dan tekrar s2m, EMEKLER OLUYO AQ OYUNA SAVE siz ben eziyet buyrun bunlar haricinde oyun
16
For spending 10$ on the game I got 9.4 hours on the first day just playing with a group of my friends. Honestly excited for the future of this game as it has immense potential but I am hoping the emoji mascot gets reworked into a real mascot and perhaps some in-game lore behind the characters and a leveling system.
Malvin Studios
180
game
fun with friends, kinda spooky scary skeletons when playing alone
10/10
massa
Out of an endless sea of Lethal Company-likes, R.E.P.O. has to be one of the best ones (I could even argue that it surpasses Lethal Company in quality).
"what does this do?-"
i only have one thing to say. if you don't die of laughter playing this game. you are devoid of a sense of humor.
DEDE
very fun game
10/10
muy divertido pero es mejor si lo juegas con 2 gilipollas
Yes very good and fun with the bois
only fun when theres 4 if theres more it gets chaotic
6 idiots essaye de ne pas casser tous les objets de valeur challenge (impossible)
Fun with friends.I love the physics.
lethal company -
Repo lethal company,
Repo REPO Repo Repo IQ
lethal company Repo 1
funny
Objectively good.
YES
sick game to play with friends
insta game of the year
sex?
funn game whit friend's
i deffentlig play more of this
best horror multiplayer games with friends
10 40-50
Hell of a good time.
fun
Like lethal company but an upgrade. The variety of monsters and maps, the way they change as you progress, and the level of difficulty is amazing. I have a ton of fun playing with my friends and trying to not click on that damn duck.
dobra hra s je
Yeah
10 10
100 10
ms 40
ms 199
The most fun I've had in a long time. Buy it.
fucking great love it
top tier game <3
W
Un juego maravilloso para jugarlo con amigos, es muy divertido.
Great.
the good game fun
zX
ikuyhrftdtgjhkjmvhb
Great game but when I need to deal with two different blind hunters in the same run who both make little to no sound and require insane effort just to kill one on the SECOND FLOOR, it makes me want to give my teammate all my health so he can deal with it.
This game is the next game of the year winner
10/10
movie every time
gutes spiel
10
Most interactive developers I've ever seen. Get this game.
amazing game
I fucking hate the duck the menos and the baby
make sure to touch all the enemies when hiding
IT SEEMS VERY COOL! but i dont have any freinds t play multiplayer ):
'J'ai rien La phrase culte du jeu
10 10
My favourite part was when we all said "It's repoing time!" and we all repoed
+ JBL 10 100 +
add cosmectis! and mutiplayer
666
the game is good but i don't have friend to play it and alone is kinda boring plis add the casual multyplayer
2
UwU its good game, its giving good aura
3440 1440
soundpad 10 soundpad 10
zajebista gierka
its a great game with friends u gonna scream at each other and sell them if u need to.
All over the best ou of the best
Changed my life good game yeah yesyesyes
dojebane
Polecajka ;D
The ping is always super high and theres alot a of client timeouts.
Its fun and addictive but hard to play when you keep disconnecting from lobbies and lagging because the ping is too high for everyone.
Great game with friends, havn't had this much fun in a game like this for ages!
[b]This is all my opinion and subject to change since the game is new.[/b]
This game is very fun and good title to add to your library, that being said I think it has its issues.lets start positive.
[b]Visuals:[/b] The games art direction is impressive making environments feel eerie and immersive while having its own unique style. 10/10
[b]Hiding:[/b] Hiding under objects works well and gives a layer of strategy to the game.
[b]Enemy variety:[/b] I haven't played the game too much but it seems there is a decent bit of enemies each unique from one another this keeps the game fresh and unpredictable.
[b]Multiplayer:[/b] Hosted a server everything worked fine and had 6 players in a game for 2+ hours toward the peak of its popularity so no issues there.
[b]TTS:[/b] The text to speech in the game is a nice added touch and makes for some hilarious moments.
[b]Voice Distortion:[/b] Certain enemies and objects can alter you or another players voice adding a unexpected layer of humor. Nice touch devs.
[b]Content:[/b] Lots of items to buy in the store and they are randomized so RNG is a bit of a factor sometimes. but the items keep an incentive to play.
[b]Item Interaction:[/b] In the game item interaction is a big thing if you smack any loot into a wall ground player or anything you lose money, so being able to manipulate the distance of the item to you and rotate it freely is very important and well done. It is similar to Garry's Mod Physgun.
[b]NEGATIVES[/b]
[b]Game thumbnail:[/b] The emoji looks like a scam game or an Xbox indie game from 2009, They need to change this to better reflect the quality of the game.
[b]Money:[/b] Earning and spending currency feels uneven and need refinement in my opinion.
[b]AI:[/b] The enemy AI can be quite awful at times. They normally act how they are suppose too when they spot of engage with a player but afterwards they tend to camp important hallways or choke points forcing players to wait long periods of time instead of having dynamic chases. If an enemy loses sight of a player it should patrol the map more and not stay in a general area it got startled by a player.
[b]Team Indicators:[/b] I could be wrong about this but it seems there isn't a way to tell if your teammates are alive which makes coordination harder.
[b]Lighting/Fear Factor:[/b] This is the biggest one for me the game is beautiful but the lighting is definitely off you don't even need a flashlight and you can see clear as day as far as your eyes can see. This takes away the scariness of the game big time. You spawn with a flashlight and I feel you shouldn't it should be a purchasable item with a charge on it. But due to the high visibility and the flashlight the game leans more toward a cooperative item collection game than a horror game it lacks the unsettlingness that other games of the genre do well and I hope that can change.
[b]Overall:[/b] REPO has tons of potential and a strong foundation it needs a few tweaks and adjustments to fully embrace the horror genre. If the devs address the lighting, The bugged AI, The money system and the awful thumbnail this game could easily stand on two legs maybe even one. But as of right now for $10 if you have the friends and funds it is entirely worth it but lacks the genuine terror that some players might think this game offers.
fdgk9uidfgjuid9fzgjg9ouijg0iodr
- 1
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Es un juego nunca paras de y si eres creador de contenido es una fuente de contenido infinita, y eso que hace nada. juego impresionante.
It's super fun, you never stop laughing and if you're a content creator it's endless content for you, and it only came out some weeks ago or less. amazing game
insanely fun with friends and is also fun solo physics are hilarious and the monster desings are very creative 10/10 in my opinion better than lethal company and content warning very much worth a purchase
I saw funny shorts on tiktok and facebook about repo. I wanted this game really bad but you can only play with your friends and not online with randoms. And the singleplayer is not the same experience. Sadly I don't have friends to play so I had to refund :/
unfortunately, I can't recommend this game for introverts :')
10 10
very fun with friends
This game is very funny and fun when your with friends!
I recommend it alot, its worth the 10 bucks
-
great game with friends here are some tips for new players:
if you see a cute duck hold it it will befriend you and help grab items, if you see a tall creature with a childs voice look at it then itll go away, if you see a blind man with a shotgun grab its leg while hiding to confuse him, he will go back
Good Fun with the boys
bien
+
-
P.S
6 idiots try not to break every valuable object challenge (impossible)
eglenceli
very fun
666666
gimme the loot
Good as
JBL
-
fun
Fun, affordable. Never laughed so much in a game. Not enough content yet. I would love it if they bring out a leveling system and a bit more depth. But, fun wise, with friends, cannot beat this.
Greatest game ever created
Total Lustig und Spannend, vor allem mit Freunden. Empfehlenswert :3
Locked in alien
fun
-nie ma i niema gry z nieznajomymi
gra i granie tylko ze znajomymi
fuck ducks
We making it on TikTok with this one boyisssss!
i got backshots from a guy with a shotgun
10/10
25 1
I keep getting run over, exploded and my head shoved in the toilet.
c drol
Not skibidi enough
bon jeu, plein de clip fun a faire je recomande grandement
3
'
q[;f
]qefweasfwsfsfaeafqw
2 2 10/10
silly and terrifying- the perfect blend id say
really fun game, after we lose it doesn't just end, but you get to have a fight to the death using various different tools to destroy your friends. which is an aspect i love about this game. the different monsters and the designs are really cool. the mechanics and controls in this game are also easy to learn. 10/10
funni gaem
ceg
Pa jugar con los panas es una puta locura de juego.
Le jeu est super drole et fait bien peur mais plus drole avec des pote Je recommande
Genial
Whoever coded the fucking Rugrat, I am coming for your firstborn.
iyi
1 million percent yes
jaime
ASik BruTaL
3
peak
Real fun game, worth the 10 bucks
bence oyun ama daha fazla map olsa daha iyi olur
10 10
JBL
monkey
10/10 game, I love to torment my friends and the game a perfect tool to do so.
1 hour in the game: Why my friend so tiny? I wonder if I can pick him up.
2h: Why the fridge so empty? I wonder if my friends fit in there.
3h: A cauldron full of green goo? I wonder if I can use my buddy as a ladle
4h: I don't feel so good. I want to vomit. I wonder why everyone run away from me
5h: Why grandpa has a gun? I wonder if I should say hello to him
*BANG*
6h: I wonder no more
cex
GOAT'ed game
booo
5
Skibidi Slider
Perfect game for testing your friends mental capacity.
I somehow get blamed even though I'm the only mother _ who should be getting praise.
Toca chambear brother vamos a darle duro
hafif o kadar
njhjhjjjhjjhjjhjhjhj
10 10
Kind if a refreshing take on LC.
You're bassically shopping for loot. :>
after this game i hate toddlers
)
really really good and funny
360
d
this is the best game in da world
actually funny
touch duck. Duck angry. Duck eat you. You die. 10/10
10/10
180
hilarious and great game to play with friends
Terriblement fou rire garanti avec ces potes x)
hui
3
Super gra, niesamowita rozrywka z ziomkami i bardzo fajny klimat
SOOOOO FREAKING FUNNNNNNNN
reasalllllllly good
-
10 10
super gra nigdy nie gonila mnie dziewczyna z nozami
very gud, very nice :D
If you like lethal company, you will love this - it takes the silly and spooky item collection theme and improves upon it. There's more counterplay to the monsters, personal upgrades, much better animations and WAY goofier physics, Incredibly polished for an early access game as well. I have to agree with literally every other review though that the picture on the store page is not really indicative of the quality of the game and nearly made me skip over it.
FUCKING FUNNY :)
10/10
iyi troll oyun
fajna gierka ale nie mam z kim grac
Melhor jogo para jogar com amigos com baixo Qi e ver eles morrer a cada 0,000000000000001 segundos
See blind man with stick scream
CHAOSSS 10/10
f,tvt
Das lustigste Spiel seit langem
Recomendado si quieres pasar el rato con tus amigos y mucho
pretty funny and scary.
Hello!
The graphics could be better but I haven't laughed this much in a long time. Great game to play with friends.
10 10
bomba oyun 10/10
R.E.P.O
a
Very fun if you got some friends to goof around with
GAME OF THE YEAR
Sieht aus wie ein Fiebertraum auf LSD.
Ist es auch.
Klare Coop Empfehlung zwischendurch. ^
If only the little duckling wasn't evil.
Este juego es increible para jugarlo con tus panas, son puro sustos y risas
Extremely Fun
3 hours of unfiltered laughter with my buddies
Nice
excellent game, insanely funny to play with friends, the more people the better, love it.
fire
If you're part of a group of friends, there will be two primary types of people who play. Mostly your group will consist of people who want to goof around using text-to-speech, smack each other with objects, or find any way possible to kill one another. However, there are then the players who are worked like pack mules carrying the team on their back by bringing every item they find to the extraction, collecting and reviving everyone, and making it safely back while avoiding every monster. The best way to deal with these type of people is to knock them over and throw them off the map. That way they'll learn how to be goofy by watching you and the rest of the group comically make a $30,000 item break.
funy
peak
-
bir oyun 3 ile falan bence en iyi ve troll bir oyun biraz sonra kendini gibi geliyor ama her zaman bir yerden komik
Game shows alot of potential! Looking forward to what features and Monsters they'll come up with. So grab some friends and enjoy.
10 10,
funny game
Fajna gra przylepil sie do mnie jakis latajacy plemnik na sterydach po czym zaczelem rzygac jabolem na zielono i ubilem wymiocinami kolege 10/10
YES
best game with friends
10 10
10 10
10 10 1
Amazing game
Game of the year :)
this game doesnt provide me enough dopamine. Think of dopamine like your family. You love your family and need your family, similarily to dopamine, but when you get annoyed it doesnt work so like dopamione this game ned more so please add something cuz Im SOOO bored when im dead waiting for my not so smart teammates to do something with their lives so please make death better
its very fun but my friend kept killing me with grenades and kept shooting me with the shotgun but its a better game without him and also if you ever see a person in your game called damonator11 report him immediately bc he is a hacker that hacks a ton of games and i have seen him do it in 3 games so far lethal company phasmophobia and now repo and if you click on his account it should be a picture of a criminal and to the right theres a mcdonalds and his account is public, report him for hacking on steam.
Very nice and promising game to play with friends. even the weird ones
Ich werde vom Dialog immer gefragt "Empfehlen Sie dieses Spiel?". Ich kann dies mit einem Ja" beantworten!
Ich werde vom Dialog immer gefragt "Wie kommen Sie zu dieser weitreichenden positiven Schlussfolgerung?". Nun, das Erfolgsrezept basiert auf dem gut gelungenen Ingame-Voicechat (wer nicht reden mag kann sich an dem Blechdosen Chat bedienen) und den Ereignissen die zu einem Wipeout der Lobby
Mit einer vollen Lobby macht es am meisten Bock!
(Und wer dieser Dialog ist, das haben sich bestimmt viele gefragt, ja da bin ich mir ziemlich sicher, werde ich nicht beantworten)
best game of the year for me so far
Very Funny and well made game, worth every cent.
Se me paso la hora por 20 minutos y no puedo devolverlo :(
good game
bery goor
180
I love it! :D
its the people you play with that makes the game fun and exciting. they are a few annoying bugs but its okay. even spectating your friends is fun. reactions. the laughter its crazy good
i like the game mostly of the funny moments, and i want to add a tip what might add next! add a decoy of the player and then a enemy destroy it then it will explode. bdw i hate that guy when he snaches me while i try to get back to the truck by that invisible guy i hate him
BRUH
this game blessed me with a beautiful medal clip
I hope my friends : didi dada lala lulu nene nunu will be enjoying this fantastic game
NICE
Very fun solo and even more with friends. Also big thumbs up for the commitment and love from the developers for the community. They're really listening to feedback and keep the community up to speed on what they're doing!
funy
fast1k
FAST1K
dON'T pICK uP tHE dUCK
najlepiej wydane
it's a very funy game if you want to have some good time whit youre friend i wil recommend
great game, infuriating in all the right ways
Really fun game if playing with friends and if you don't have any, thats a you problem.
- -
11 10.
REPO is a good game
10 uuuuuuuuuuuu 10
Amazing GAME
Its good
10
This game is good. but i think we need server list bc singleplayer is boring
I've only played for about 3 hours. But Damn is this game fun, the gameplay doesn't take much to get the hang of and playing with friends or just random ppl is super fun. There's so many features about this game that I still don't know and I'm excited and awaiting the next time that I can get the boys together again to play this piece of art. The Chaos and disorder while trying to co-operate is hilarious. I cant wait to see what else this game has to offer in the future.
prikolno
So much fun! Scary but also silly. Lots of laughs are had. I am very much enjoying playing this with my friends :)
hw
this game is really fun
pls add multiplayer
Anotni co jajami dzwoni i mnie
yes
esse foi o melhor jogo que eu ja vi em toda minha trajetoria na steam. ja nao tenho motivos pra viver. toda vez que fecho meus olhos, a imagem que toma toda minha mente apenas esse jogo, a mental que isso me causou na calada da noite, o ensurdecedor me traz a frase "la ele" juntamente com a que traz esse jogo a tona novamente. minha vida acabada. a paz nao existe mais. A cada vez que tento respirar, como se o peso desse jogo se cravasse no meu peito, me sufocando com cada segundo que ele ocupa em minha mente. consigo encontrar um momento de paz, importa o quanto eu tente. Toda vez que fecho os olhos, a imagem ressurge, insistente, como se minha estivesse tomada por esse caos, repetindo aquela frase: "eu gosto assim, amostradinho", ecoando pelos cantos da minha mente, perturbando minha sanidade. O que antes era um alivio, agora amplifica o desconforto. existe mais nem mesmo nos momentos de descanso. Quando tudo ao meu redor adormece, a minha mente desperta para essa tortura, trazendo tona uma avalanche de pensamentos que me esmagam. A da noite me oferece conforto, apenas revela a face sombria desse tormento que parece ter fim. A vida, antes cheia de parece agora esvair-se lentamente. Cada tentativa de seguir em frente frustrada pela insistente das dos que estiveram comigo. A paz que tanto busquei parece por um de desespero. Tudo o que resta a sombra do que fui, com uma certeza: a tranquilidade foi irremediavelmente e o que antes era um jogo, agora se tornou o epicentro do meu mental.
tirando isso, um jogo!
Please make multiplayer not only among people who are friends!
i have never had any more fun playing any other game like this this game is just so peak if u like scarry stuff and playing with freinds u need to play this
Pretty much a house mover simulator but you are the movers and you take their stuff.
Free money i guess :p
pretty fun to play with friends. the monster is scary most of the time.
but other time its funny how they kill you
nfs
i yelled out playboi carti at an blind individual and he shot me
:)
123
Esta gebi
yes yes yes yes yesye s
1
Fun game to play with friends.
soundpad "
8/10
fun
well, yes
R.E.P.O is an extremely fun game, both with friends and in singleplayer. I honestly can't believe ive nearly sunk 10 hours into the game already after owning it for 2 days. I love the progression system and amount of fun you can have in this game. from being scared to death from my worst fear of a porcelain doll to being told i have a great smile from a love potion affecting my friends while they hold it, to them being reckless and stupid by picking up stuff and instantly breaking it, oh and who cant love the little duck? wish i could take it to the store with me or have it as some pet in the game to warn me of nearby danger or something once it likes you enough.
despite my love for the game, there are a few annoyances and issues i find with parts of the game that i feel, need to be addressed. for starters, trying to pick some items up that have either been partially stuck to a surface or seem glued to the thing they are on and trying to move it, just instantly breaks the item. even with heavier items u cant exactly pick up, trying to drag them still damages them too easily, ecspecially when they just stand back upright or rolled or rotated.
the other thing ive noticed is that progression or getting to higher stages as a solo, is a bit too difficult. the fact that monsters cant be killed in each level is annoying enough and although i dont think that all monsters should be killed on the fact of making each level too easy, the fact they respawn after death, makes killing them pointless when ur tryna hoard all the times in each stage to make the max profit possible. if i cant at least make it somewhat easier and be restricted to at least killing 1 monster or more after stage 1 or 2, it then gets tiring to fight them off. i am likely spending upwards of an hour each level in singleplayer to avoid and sneak around so many monsters when i can buy very little to begin with.
which leads me onto the 3rd reason. store prices are a bit too high at least in singleplayer. with friends its not as bad as you have others to rely on and to revive you but when your on your own playing the game, it feels like im forced to have to buy upgrades in the 1st 2 levels, just to survive from later stages and deal with the current 1st 2 stages. usually its better to just buy the stamina upgrades so running away from monsters is actually viable and then its a pick between the health upgrade or the strength upgrade. both seem to be the only things really in earlier stages, that really save you as picking up heavy items that can easily get you out the stage is impossible and dragging them isnt an option either unless its the large vase item which is doable.
i think my last issue comes from the level stages and the monsters in those earlier levels. sometimes you literally just get the slow mutant thing with the acid thing to accompany it which isnt all that hard just slightly annoying, as well as the cute little duck which at least makes earlier stages easier, but when you get the blind man with the shotgun or the shadow kid thing, the nurse with blades for hands, the massive floating head or the gnomes, its so difficult to avoid them in the earlier stages. trying to carry something a long way or trying to stay hidden, seems to be too difficult as they can easily track you down, chase you and see you from quite a distance in which trying to outrun them with no stamina upgrades is virtually impossible and trying to hide from them doesnt work that often as they already know where you are.
the only worst match i had so far is that i had a monster spawn in from the other side of the map, theres only 1 way rooms connecting one another from me to the monster and within the 1st 30 seconds. its walked through all the rooms from its spawn to me and killed me within the 1st minute of the game. i barely managed to pickup 2 items and store them in the 1st room i went in before i was seen and killed.
if im to rate this game out of 10 however, its still a solid 7 or 8. few mild annoyances, quite time consuming on singleplayer on top of the prices being slightly too high and that porcilain doll that you can never seem to carry as it attacks u and breaks its self but still massively fun and enjoyable to play.
It's one of those the more you play with friends, the more you'll be up to shenanigans. Great Game.
-
10 000 ?
*
es guapisimo para jugar con tus amigos ja ja ja
10 10
10 10
10 10
20 10
This game is super fun with Friends
funny, lol
you should probably turn off most of the visual effects if you dont wanna get a migraine
When you're scared of horror but this changes me its kinda not make me scared anymore because of those ppl i played with when we pick up something like the slowmo its so funny and kinda Cute xD Also I want to thank my Friend For Gifitng me this game W to you
2
Incredibly humorous but also challenging and spooky. It's the perfect balance of laughs and pooping your pants.
If you have 2 or more friends to play with, this is a nobrainer.
The game is incredibly well polished in its current state and the developers seem really cool!
)
jbl
NGL pretty good, just needs match making asap
fun stupid game to play with the homies
10/10
DONT BREAK THAT VASE ITS classic word
Watch your back thats the last word
lethal company plus content warning but im good at everything
Juegazo
15000, 10 10
my friend breaks everything cause hes sppecial
Play with only SoundPad
Great game!
100 10
funy
Il est surtout en jouant avec des amis, il est effrayant et captivant. Ce jeu est une vrai :D, vivant la suite, nouvelles maps, nouveaux objets, personnalisations du personnage et bien le Matchmaking.
-{ Graphics }-
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
-{ Gameplay }-
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
-{ Audio }-
☐ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
-{ Audience }-
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma
-{ PC Requirements }-
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☑ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
-{ Game Size }-
☐ Floppy Disk
☑ Old Fashioned
☐ Workable
☐ Big
☐ Will eat 15% of your 1TB hard drive
☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it
☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data
-{ Difficulty }-
☐ Just press 'W'
☑ Easy
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
-{ Grind }-
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☑ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
-{ Story }-
☑ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
-{ Game Time }-
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☑ Average
☐ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond
-{ Price }-
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
-{ Bugs }-
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
-{ ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☑ 8
☐ 9
☐ 10
Very good game
Bussin
sigma straszne
:(
i like killing my friends
Deividai, ka darai?
Asi deberia ser un juego de terror multijugador.
fweaking sick
I really like playing this game with my friends, its spooky and funny. Only thing I dislike is how the game crashes a lot but that's understandable with it being new. Will update my comment later when they update :)
best $10 spent
The mechanic repo'd my car or something idk
Everything.
AAAAAAAAAAAAH
10 10
so fun and stressing at the same time, my type of game
I HATE THIS GAME, IT SHOT MY FRIEND FROM 3 MILES AWAY AND I HATE HOW IT DOES GIVE US OUR STUPID LEVEL BACK AFTER WASTING 3-6 HOURS FOR NOTHING DONT BUY THIS GAME. THIS GAME WILL MAKE YOU LOSE BRAIN CELLS AND THE STUPID FLOATING THROW UP HEAD KEPT COMING AFTER MY ASSHOLE BRO
Good to play with friends
GUD
actually the better version of lethal company
physics based so it has infinite room for stupidity
10/10 would jump into the toilet again.
very good game
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
es entstehen wahnsinnig witzige Situationen, gerade dann wenn welche dabei sind die vor allem angst haben
ich zu denjenigen, die einen killer im horrorfilm auslachen und killen
funny and horror always a good mix
saw my friend get shot in the face for a farting a little by a blind man with a gun
I bought this game at least 4 hours ago, game of the year. As soon as I saw the Rugrat I couldn't stop laughing as it killed me. I love this style of game and I've played similar games like Lethal Company, Murky Divers, and Content Warning, however I find R.E.P.O to be more than just a "Lethal Company" copy like some people say it is; it's a genuinely enjoyable game that I find to connect my friend group really easily and much more than Lethal Company or games like it have. I love the creative liberties that were taken and the replayability/gameplay loop is very captivating. 10/10 game, my only problem is that I can't convey the amount of joy it has given me into just a steam review, please play it for yourself.
10/10
i like it a loooot
Marshmallow man
fun
fetty wap blasted on the jbl speaker
Game is great. But wish single player might have some saved progress when after you die, :>
GOATED, Delete te emoji please
JUEGAZO. FIN
un cago de risa para jugar con los pibes
10/10
very fun me likey likey
oper
repo
yes
When someone says this game's quality is good that is a severe understatement, I am speechless this is the most stupid fun game also, the hourglass i am sobbing.
AMAZING GAME
I hate ducks
made me more schizo
I was told to put slurs here
holy moly
pik
Good
yes
Awesome.
COOL
This game is amazing. I am having so much fun playing with friends. Devs great work.
400
Very fun to play with friends had a blast keep bring new things to the game and i can see it going some where
:)
3'ten fazla girin. yoksa
+ ^3^ 10\10
my friends are mean to me :(
-
Please change the logo
One must imagine Sisyphus happy. Before the Gnomes come and bite his ankles.
Run, scream, gather, destroy - pretty much the gameplay for me. :D 11/10 funny
polecam mega mega fajna ale czy lepsza od lethal company bo dla mnie to nie
funny gaem
its only playable with steam friends there is no hosting a room or joining a random people you need to have friends in steam in order to play it online
Didnt know what to expect but we couldnt stop laughing!
One of the best parts was that the dead crew can still talk in game, while watching the living people with front row seats, and still be revived as we go.
We had so much fun learning out to ninja roll, work together for the large loot, and THAT DAMN DUCK lmao.
Even the mini game round from a wipe had us laughing hysterically.
Was definitely fun, totally worth it with friends! We encountered NO bugs or major glitches, and the hosting ran super smooth (we had US and Canadian connections together). And the devs seem to be actively watching for what people are asking for and keeping tabs on pushing updates and communicating with us! Cant wait to see if this game sticks to its potential! Was even better than Content Warning (and Ive never felt drawn to Lethal Company). 10/10
goty
E
This game should cost way more cuz ts just PURE GOLD.
BUY IT NOW.
hilariously scary
Get the crew together and have an absolute laugh. Be sure to mute yourselves in discord and only use the proximity chat for maximum lulz
Very fun and goofy but you need friends!
behtareen game haii bhaii, khush raho developers
muy bueno por el simple hecho que te tenes que esconder de 20 bichos a la vez, tenes que rezarle a todos los dioses de todas las religiones para ver si alguno te da la suerte de que uno de esos 20 bichos no te haya visto abajo de la mesita que te escondiste, decida chuparte y comerte sin tu consentimiento y despues de eso tenes que hacer la mision principal si aun tenes ganas de vivir tu vida de robot explotado laboralmente
Discord - Almenco
Obnoxious
Spawn into mansion, grab cart, finds plate in chest, grabs $2,000 plate, friend runs into plate breaking it, Look at friend, use text-to-speech to insult friend, go into next room, finds the end of the barrel of the friendly blind mans shotgun, dies, friend laughs, dies 3 seconds later. 10/10 would work for taxman again!
it's aight
even with two players its still funny
Great game, fun with friends, lots of nice little details that really give it charecter.
Such a fun game to play with friends. I do wish they have something like the losers circle as a mini game mode to play against each other.
i love repo, repo is fun, repo is life, repo is good. 10/10 horror game.
Tam agalarla girilmelik oyun.
eggcelent game
entretenido
Lethal Company if the fun got multiplied by 5. very fun with friends
irs simulator
Demasiado buen juego, y si no tienes amigos o le vale berenjena jugar esto, encontrar un servidor de discord para conseguir nuevo amigos para pasarlo de pana:
100% recomendado y ademas a muy buen precio
10 10
This game is a lot of fun tbh. Playing solo is possible, but really hard. Best played with as many people as you can get together.
10/10
Its a hilarious fun game. Totally worth the $10 when I bought it.
yes
So much fun to play. If you like Lethal Company, definitely play this game! I actually like it better! The proximity chat makes it hilarious. The monsters/ghosts are all unique and its fun trying to figure out their mechanics. Buy it! Play it! :)
34/10
Mis amigos me tiraron al inodoro.
jbl charge 4 pro x one six pro 100000
muito legal
silly funny scary haha laugh game
arkadasla ikidebir olmek oyunda sorun yok
FUCKING GOOD
no tengo amigos asi que cree multicuentas y le regale a cada uno y lo jugue con ellos
this game is fun
Juegazo la neta
G.O.T.Y
good fun game go brr
too bad the shitheel and his psychotic gremlin girlfriend aren't here to demand I play this game until my brain is fried, I imagine I would've had a lot of bad things to say, but this game is fun and decent, and has a lot of funny things that just makes it really enjoyable, so. Recommended.
i hate this game because my freind
So fun and SOOOO funny! a good time with friends and enjoyable
repo
Buenisimo
super funny with a lot of people glad matchmaking is coming soon
R.E.P.O. such a fun game with friends. It has a mild learning curve, but you learn mechanics the fun way.
So funny!
FUN
Good game, great with friends. Better with enemies!
Headman
11/10 my friend worked for 20 minutes to bring everyone back to life and then got killed which led to everyone dying again. house rule is dead teammates have soundboard privileges on discord
lethal company but fun
i love giving my team cart backshots
This is one of the best games to play to play with your friends. You can just tell that a bunch of dudes were in a room brainstorming and sending ideas that they thought sounded fun, and it works. We need more games made by people that love games.
this game is a shining gem you will more than likely have a blast with this they really cooked with this and it shows 20 out of 10
Very fun heheh
[h3] matchmaking.[/h3]
SemiWork's Steam
24 SemiWork's? matchmaking".
60+
SemiWork's YouTube TikTok.
balls
very good game is a gold game es un muy buen juego es un juego de oro
SI :V
Like Among Us and Lethal Company. Very difficult but very fun!
jbl
is goud
very good
THIS GAME IS SO FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
So damn funny with friends.
very fun please make moving with objects smoother
It's such a fun game with friends. So many funny moments
EXTREMLY FUN
-be me
-play with friend
-load into our first match
-talk about how excited we are to try out this game
-I get DESTROYED by a shotgun in like the first 5 seconds.
10/10 game
Very good
this cant be real right
Lethal company but a bit better, more physics, more monsters, and easier to play without mods
These kinds of horror games that I love, goofy, and hilarious with friends!
funniest shit i've ever seen
10 10
100/10
Divertido demais, precisa de amigos.
Fun game
Such a fun and goofy game, the perfect mix of everything, way better than lethal and content warning in my opinion.
If you like lethal or any other game like this and always wanted to play with more people this game is for you it allows up to 6 or 8 cant remember and is fun!
que buen juego
Never laughed so hard while genuinely spooked. Amazing. Excited to see what's coming!
funny robot with funny eyes = GOTY
risadas kkkk
PEAK
piola
t
Watch out with gnomes D:
un juego muy, muy divertido que se puede jugar un punto que me gusta a mi sobre el juego es que es muy dificil pasarlo pero es parte de su esencia y creo que lo hace mas divertido
R.A.P.O
Not fun. Too repeatable.
If you have friends, this is a super fun game. I love the animations, the in game voice chat, the gameplay loop, and the surprising learning curve
10 10
Pat the duck
Worth the price of a game twice as expensive. good times.
The best thing by can hit your buddies with the cart, pick them up, and then take them out yourself.
yes
Extremamente divertido. Chorei de rir algumas vezes
Jogo Excelente! Atualmente jogo com um grupo de amigos e estamos em busca de mais pessoas, quem estiver solo e se interessar em jogar o game pode me adicionar e me mandar mensagem, todos bem vindos em nosso grupo.
GOD, juegazo para las risas con los amigos, bastante recomendado, no esperaba que fuera un juego tan completo para ser su beta, es cierto que solo cuenta con 3 mapas, pero estos siempre con una diferente en cada con enemigos bastante interesantes y desafiantes, el TTS fue algo que honestamente me mucho y lo considero como una clave en su labilidad, considero que es un juego que debas probar, si alguna vez cuenta con la posibilidad de modear simplemente
Recomendado para Jugar con amigos, en solitario no es tan gracioso
very good and funny, very nice game
jeepers
absolutely yesn't
best movers in the galaxy
i like money
very gun
There's a hungry head chasing me 10/10
For Version 0.1.2
Downside:
0. Cannot escape the grab when holding by a teammate, but i think that's intend, u still can install Tumble Guard to prevent this (used network rpc);
1. Cannot disable last man standing at the end of the game;
2. Gameplay balance is a joke, each upgrade don't have any limit; and upgrade price didn't depends on how many time player bought it, how many levels reached, how many players in the game, and/or who use it; many store items are roll randomly, some upgrades can never appear during a run; and the bare minimum of counterattack even require lose 5 hp, hello?
Our team reached level 15 with full 6 players lobby and stamina-synced gameplay (previous is 9, with completely normal gameplay), all i can say that's prisoner experience, if u think the gameplay doesn't matter, well u will see more infinite ammo glitch user in this game just for fun, AND I GUESS DEVS DARE TO REMOVE ANY GLITCH AS POSSIBLE, WITHOUT ANY GOOD GAMEPLAY BALANCE.
im glad i didn't using this account to play with other R.E.P.O players, cuz i saw devs are doing nothing but many useless videos.
Now time to say the good side:
0. i know many good side basically come from Lethal Company and modpack of that game, but time will give us answer so this review can revise for this time;
1. More players like the tumble gameplay, that cause comedic, but i know, not everyone like this part;
2. Teammate can revive you by taking body to the extraction point, and can sacrifice their health to heal you, and im glad to see dev add more teammate interaction things.
- CoolLKK PS
very funny
FIX YUR GAMEEE it keeps saying client dc with all my friend tryna host it there self after our 12 hr run and it deleted the file!
Fun game. Play with a group of friends and don't take it too seriously and you'll have a blast.
what does repo stand for
Quase me mijei de rir.
Recomendo
very fun & silly game <3
you winning son?
Even if I never play this game again, the 4 hours was worth it. Just make sure you got some friends to peer pressure into playing with.
lethal company but slightly better
bueno me rei
honestly just a fun party game. follows a little from the themeing and gameplay from lethal company but expands on it a lot. the physics based engine adds a lot in terms of fun and some strategy. Monsters arent that scary and none are unavoidable. Overall tense at times with a lot of fun and comedic moments
lethal pero no esta hecho por furros
Jee-whiz, talk about a snoozefest!
Jogo muito divertido, adorei jpgar com os amigos.
The game is fun for a short amount of time but ultimately it falls short is a lot of ways. It has great bones but it needs to be more difficult. Some things are so trivial, I mean I literally jumped on the Clown and it couldn't kill me. I want to like it but after 7 hours it's just kinda boring unfortunately. I look forward to future updates and mods to change the difficulty but this is a very reluctant buy, because personally I won't touch this game very much.
Fun concept, just need it to be a little bit more. Not sure how much more I'll play it. Also ngl I'd take the battle royale mode as a standalone because it's kinda the best part. It can do well, look at Gang Beasts!
VERY fun nice way to unwind and goof off after playing ranked
gud
TA GUENO PODES CHILENEAR A TUS COMPAS +10 RT FAV
best game ive played in a long time <3
10 10
fun to play with friends, its a lil scary and really funny at the same time
10 10!
good
10/10
10 10
buenisimo
muy aburrido reembolsado
For the laughs alone this game is worth the money. Play with 3 to 4 friends and its a great time
Muy buen juego, divertido
fun when not fucking around
juegazo
super fun :3
i like it but how do i play with other people besides friends
GOD JUEGO
ES LA BERENJENA CHAVALLLL
10 10
Game of the year
si
R- Reaper
E- Emerges out of the
P- Postman
O- Office
10/10 game
in the game lobbies, everyone's eyes on their characters follow the movement of the mouse cursor but fixate in the direction of whoever is actively talking at the time.
that immediately told me how much attention and care was put into this game before release. the little things, all the mundane that we take for granted, that's where love is stored, and that's evident in every aspect of the game so far from all the character quirks and animations to the quality of life features built into the basics of the game!
for lack of better words, this game is just genuinely fun and endearing! i'm absolutely looking forward to playing more of it!
Wonderful game if you had your fill from lethal company and want the same kind of goofy fun with your friends.
one time i knocked my friend into a pit with my other friend's head. it was pretty funny.
game good
Una cagada el onlain no sirve, se cae a cada rato pobres diablos no saben programar.
Firmado por el Team Fantareal XS FOREVER WOOOOOWOWOWOWOWOOWOWOWOWOWO
Like lethal company? Like games? Great. Play this. Are you someone without friends? Not to worry. There's a discord available in links on REPO's youtube channel? PLAY THIS BLOODY GAME IT IS AWESOME
MICROWAVE
Pro's:
Chaotic Fun
Unlimited Fun
Rogue-Like Lethal Company with friends
Cons:
Single Player is VERY hard for no reason.
No Customization besides changing color.
No Online Play - only friendlist.
Not worth it, its basically Lethal company, but as the trailer video shows your a wierd funny muppet bot, that fits in a cart.
FACHA
Es muy parecido a marvel rivals, me gusta mucho
Very good!
lit
ahh game
this is very good and scary 10/10
good game
gooooooooooooooooooooooooooood
GOTY
it's funny when you kill your friends with the monsters and run away after. in my opinion it's a 10/10 game i love playing it.
good game :)
comedy horror is an extremely hard genre to work in - this is coming from the perspective of someone who's made games in this area in the past. r.e.p.o. pulls it off with aplomb, well done
eu e meus amigos entramos no jogo ficamos falando "blabla blebleble bluhbluhbluh" depois vemos um cara com uma arma, meu amigo chama ele de pirocudo, ele toma um tiro na minha frente *alt f4* 10/10
HOLY SHIT IM CUMMING!
si
Yes if you have friends
Um jogo muito bom pra jogar com a galera. Muito divertido e os ficando mais complicados de concluir e vai aprendendo a lidar com os bichos. Super recomendo, vale a pena.
g.o.t.y this is too funny
fuuny
This game has me addicted and has a grip on me. 5 Minutes after buying the game, joined the R.E.P.O discord server and was able to get into a full lobby with somewhat decent people. The community so far is balanced with really kind people, and casual players if you're looking for that kind of gameplay.
I would recommend this game to friend groups, people looking for friends or just looking to chill. This game itches the brain the same way lethal company does. I currently play the game vanilla but I will update this review once I try this game modded.
100 10.
FUN FUN FUN! Highly recommend
Floating head mean :(
so fun and funny
the duck is cool and fun to pet and i like smashing loot
):
cool game
Jogo que ultrapassa o de Lethal Company
a
pretty fun very silly
MUITO DIVERTIDO E TENSO AO MESMO TEMPO, RECOMENDO JOGAR SEM PESQUISAR SOBRE OS INIMIGOS ANTES ( pelo menos na primeira play) fica mais emocionante
leathel company but funnyer
It's Very Big!
a standout game in a saturated genre. can't wait to see 1.0
very gud
Good time with friends, just need more maps and a new enemy.
Col Daw Gamea
v
game is buggy
I love killing my friends in this
it ight
too bad the stamina SUX
I got taken over by a ghost, ran into a blade for arms crazy chick and got chopped up while screaming like a girl to my friends. 10/10
fun
:)
es un muy buen juego para jugar con amigos lo recomiendo totalmente
Great game but requires friends to play. Parties of at least 3 will do much better. Wish it had some type of difficulty scaling by player.
buy this game now
VERY GOOD GAME
>join game with friends
>finish tutorial
>load into first game
>"touch the clown"
>touches clown
>clown laughs
>clown explodes
>"im clipping that"
>fuck you dreadnaught
very fun with friends and is very funny
Gam gud
es entretenido para jugar con amigos. si te gustan los juegos de miedo, este esta apto XD ya que tiene variedad
its like lethal company, but without sex
bom
revive your dead allies and watch as they blast fetty wap over the gilette stadium speakers leading a old blind
man into the room
No Public Multiplayer.
Es entretenido con los amigos, no asusta tanto y eso que soy muy miedosa xD Lo recomiendo
Do it.
peak game i threw a robe into a pit with 4 friends
i was hiding under a table form a blind man and my friend got shot dead right before my eyes 10/10 had to carry a head around in a cart
10/10
w
Very fun, very memeable, well made for a game less than 2GB
Pretty fun so far but it needs more maps
Vary similar to lethal company. but feels a little newer and has some features that improves the overall game play. defiantly worth.
-{ Graphics }-
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
-{ Gameplay }-
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
-{ Audio }-
☐ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
-{ Audience }-
☑ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☑ Grandma
-{ PC Requirements }-
☐ Check if you can run paint
☑ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
-{ Game Size }-
☑ Floppy Disk
☐ Old Fashioned
☐ Workable
☐ Big
☐ Will eat 15% of your 1TB hard drive
☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it
☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data
-{ Difficulty }-
☐ Just press 'W'
☑ Easy
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
-{ Grind }-
☑ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
-{ Story }-
☑ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
-{ Game Time }-
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☑ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond
-{ Price }-
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
-{ Bugs }-
☑ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
-{ ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☑ 9
☐ 10
funny game
If you aint playing, you big gay
mecainca divertida
good game bat i don't have friends to play :(
probably the best lethal company esque game that isnt lethal company - really unique
BIG SCARY AND FUNNYSS
funny and great monster designs. love how we can kill them for super valuable orbs to use. wish that there were more versatile maps tho
amazing wonderfull good funny cool game pls buy
so much fun! i will be playing this for a bit lol so much fun with friends too!
me and my friends got our ass ate by a giant skull
Highly recommend for laughs and chaos
bom
Best $10 ever spent!
-
-
10 10
serial skibidi toileter
Unplayable, servers will instantly crash everytime.
very dapper of a game
fun to play with friends. Lots of laughs
Funny asf highly recommend
break things, break friends, break yourself, break down break down -jojo theme-
repo
Oh my God, this game is both hilarious and terrifying at the same time! Haha. My biggest fear is not knowing who the main boss is. As for improvements, the only thing missing is a public matchmaking system with servers divided by language and a map selection want to play on maps I like, like the castle one. also love to choose my boss, like the old guy with the shotgun. That being said, a solid 10/10. Just needs a bit more content and options to be perfect!
can you put free for anyone to join your server instead of steam people becasuse some dont have the game so can yall put it free to play with other people without steam and u can find a server to play or add bots that plays with u
ist sehe witzig und gut
simplesmente c i n e m a
Very fun, good with friends and you can get a good laugh out of it ^
SO MUCH FUN!
10 10 10.
qrw
My friend shot me
me gusto para jugarlo con compas, muchisima tension cuando quedas solo pero las risas no faltan nunca
goodass game
pee
FUCK THIS GAME
bueno
great amazing game so much funny moments in it I love this game hope to get more updates soon
3)
splendid
it is awesome game i played it for five hours
good
funny
Goofy Ahh
this game did what lethal company didn't, what makes this game so much more better is that in lethal company when finding a monster take the thumper for example this mob and avoiding it only works because of how that maps are generated in lethal company with the maze like and lots of turns allowing you to take advantage of its deafness and its speed so when you find this enemy with a weapon you can just shoot it or attack it what i like and i think is better about REPO is that if you see a monster you have a chance to hide in the room you are in and watch as the monster looks and creeps allowing you to feel its presence as you hide the way the rooms are made in REPO allows for chases and quick hiding and when you manage to run and swiftly hide just makes it all the better. and for the item collecting quota stuff in the game the thing about repo is you have more space you have more time with the cart it allows you to get the haul take it with you hide with it and it makes it so much more fun and since there is no time like in lethal company repo takes advantage of this with the multiple "drops" as in when you take the cart in to get the quota allowing you to stay for longer in the stage allowing for more fun per stage, now for the horror part in these games they are REALLY equal but the thing is like i said earlyer if you are in a chase and you manage to JUST slip into a hiding spot JUST before it gets you that will FREAK the shit out of anyone while lethal company is more on the chase and scare part, so over all repo did it better but lethal company did it first and they still did it good, but repo did it better
edwrfq
fun
this game is so trash dude
Funny screams.
Fun little game, but more so because of the friends I made along the way. Except one of them.
This game has everything you'd ever want from a co-op heist horror! I cannot recommend it enough!
skibidi scary'
so fun
gnomes
Si ponen los mods en la workshop de steam, supera a lethal company.
yes
very funny with friends
emoji funny
:3 suber fumb
stupid and retarded
This game is like lethal company and content warning but what i like about this one is the mechanics and the more teamwork you have to do with picking up items and the monsters are really unique and so is the gameplay. The game is fun when you know what your doing and has its handful of funny moments, 10/10 game
MUY TOO BUENO
Gostei kkkkk
Better than lethal company, the monsters are more interesting and they sneak up on you more.
gud game. duck bad
atp im the repo reaper
Przyjemna kooperacyjna gra horror do pogrania ze znajomymi.
Busco gente para jugar REPO.
Fun game. Decently polished.
Mad good fun with some pretty cool dudes :)
si
plz dont let mods in the game hear me out content warning is now broken because of mods plz add like a antychete or some thing, I dont 1nt this game to be broken to. sinserly player-19723
Jogo sensacional, quando jogado em equipe, magnifico, garantia de muitas risadas, tilts, e caos total. Vale muito a pena! 100/10, Vai sem medo
10 10
Really fun with friends
da porra
It is so fun to play with a group of friends. It has been the new go-to after taking a break from lethal company.
yes
Best time i had with friend in a long time
no me detecta el microfono juego reporonga
juegazo
Bom de mais, pelo menos Dev bem presentes e tentando atualizar o jogo.
Sure, whatever.
All this years playing Gmod. I didn't knew I was that bad at playing with physics.
A must play with buddies and they'll be your best friends and worst enemies.
Words cannot even describe the game but "Physics", they rule.
Great enemy design, you'll learn to hate them <3
So worth it! Co-op is so funny and fun!
shi fire
funny
A very well polished game out of the box with a few quirks to it. Surprised that this game has a tutorial. But wait. you don't need a tutorial. Just go in blind and learn the game that way. You'll learn a lot more trust. Monsters in this game are a lot of fun and can get you if you are not careful. As this game claims to be fully physics-based objects, yeah. You really need to handle objects with care. Unless you find the best medium prop called the clown. Best prop in the game to defeat enemies (it will probably get nerfed in the future).
It is really good that the developers are looking for feedback and taking in the feedback on how to improve the game. That's like 11/10 for me. It what makes the game great in the first place. Like watching their videos on their channel talking about the games and asking that. They are giving transparency with the game state and stuff.
I have a lot of funny moments with friends even when we are like serious gamers. Unless you have that one friend who just wants to grief and ruin the run every time. Can be funny at times especially if they are new and don't understand what's going on.
The biggest ISSUE I have with this game. The use of EMOJIS. Emoji banner. Emoji logo. Emoji for extraction. It can be a huge turn away for MANY players when they first look at this game. It looks like some terrible creepy pasta game. But it's far different than that.
Do I recommend this game? Answer is [b]Yes[/b].
Hilarious moments, creepy vibes, and an entertaining experience overall. 10/10 recommend
very nice but monsters are to op
v bngvbngjhngjgfh
I turned to look at my friend while holding the cart and shoved him into a hole to his death. 10/10
one of the worst, completely unbalanced "meme horror genre" games i've played recently
good
cool
I love the game! But I wish they would make levels generate differently each time you play, like lethal company.
Besides that, peak gaming.
Thank you, Semiwork
Very fun and interactive game. You will be laughing until your cheeks hurt. Highly recommend giving your problematic teammate a swirly in the shop bathroom.
This game is a blast. So much fun with friends.
muy bueno
am smol
so basically like uhmmm repo means repossession and thats like what you doin i love tesler
gg
beep boop
Muy buen juego para jugar con amigos, familia. Muy divertido
trop bien
Do NOT grab the duck
Probably the funniest game after Lethal Company. I would 100% recommend this game if you have friends to play with. Public lobbies in this game are just awful. The price is really fair too.
PLEASE leave tts uncensored THANK YOU
10/10
ES MUY ENTRETENIDO Y DIVERTIDO PARA JUGAR CON AMIGOS
good, very like
gaem gewd
can some one add me pls I just want to play R.E.P.O.
Good good indeed they are fren shaped yes yes uwu
increible
Great game 10/10
Soundpad
Fucking outstanding
god
bad
Fun and exactly what I want in a scary game but some of the monsters aren't scary, rather just extremely annoying. The duck is a big one that I can't stand. Nothing you can do against it and its not scary whatsoever. Just a part of the game you want to leave when you see.
Fun version of the horror gather money survival
IT'S RIGHT BEHIND ME ISN'T IT?
gameplay is full of suspense and so fun with friends.
this game would be super good if there was a matchmaking system instead of finding and adding people who may or may not be in a game already
Had me in tears
loving this game. excited to see where it goes. constant updates could make it one of the greats.
An amazing game, very fun, scary.
Just please keep updating and try to avoid the little company's mistakes, this game has much more potential.
And I see that the development team, despite being small, seems motivated, I hope you increase your team and make the game a steam best
Much strength to the team and keep up the good work!
its lethal company but better BUT OH MY GOSH PLEASE DROP THE EMOJI HEADER I ALMOST DIDNT PLAY BECAUSE THATS REALLY CRINGE PLEASE
re bueno el juego es divertido y tiene buenos enemigos, aunque para poder sacarle el provecho necesitas amigos :[
- los que quieran manden soli para jugar
i love repo repo all day repo all night repo in the morning repo at school repo in a mansion repo in a lab repo all day never stop never stop never stop never stop never stop R.E.P.O. is god tax man is gods of god listen to his words of wisdom let him guide you and repo
it ok
Its mid but ight at tha same time
Quite literally the greatest game of the year, its like lethal company all over again i swear. Now i just need more of my friends to play this!
fun with friends
yes yes fun game with frie ends, funny when mouth move when talk.
very fun
10/10 game and it really catches your interest to where you just want to keep playing. Next thing you know, youre hours deep into R.E.P.O.
ver scary
10 10
W game W devs
Lindo
ta bueno
funniest game ive played
Esta bien para jugar con amigos aunque da un poco de rabia cuando no queda nada en el mapa para pagar la cuota, si lo siguen actualizando puede estar muy bien
recomendo dms, o jogo e otimo pra jogra com amigos e te faz odiar patos
This game is perfect to play with friends. Try it
the stressful moments i have had in this game are great, the game is great, it's fun, def one of my fav games ever
goated
good fun game to play
TOO funny, get iiiit
Like
Why money gotta run away sometimes?
Fire ass game
Spawned into game with 3 friends no clue what we were doing. One of them got compressed and stuck under a table. While they were ceaselessly complaining, I picked them up and threw them up and down in the air saying goes They immediately quit.
buy this game 3 more times.
Has it's own identity.
I explo
so silly
Mano, que bagulho de tem como, jogar com o do jogo torna a ainda melhor
Recomendo.
dude what a great game to playw ith freinds i love this
it's great with friends
Good game.
Great game, great mechanics, and even better when you play it with friends that are as smooth brained as you
jogo, precisa de uns ajustes mas nunca me diverti tanto nos ultimos anos kkkkkkkkkkkkk
very fun game!
Repola pra mim, repole esta bundona imediamente
The game is alright, spooky and great with teammates, enemy designs are beautiful and how they all interact with each other is unique and I really love it! Every map also has their own strengths and weaknesses, while variety is key in horror games, I feel closer quarter maps are better in this game so when you find super open areas it does hinder the scary factor a bit however it's uncommon enough where it's refreshing!
The negatives in my opinion! The stamina system is iffy, you run out of stamina so quickly even with upgrades. The combat isn't great early game too, while the game's style has us levitating items and tools alike we should be able to properly hold bought items like weapons, and swing them to attack enemies, swinging them right now is iffy and inconsistent but not horrible!
aeiou
GOTY material
cool game
te ries igual que los clips que se sacan del juego y una recomendacion es que lo primero que compren sea stamina, sirve mucho
Juegon con amigos c:
they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me! they're killing me!
JEUX DE MERDE
COMPRALO SI TIENES AMIGOS
I fed my friend to a monster, gave on a explosive shit and the thick of it got me killed. 10/10 experience.
bought this game for myself and my two unemployed friends, it was fun at first glance but it didn't last 50min until they couldn't be bothered anymore, now i am going to refund it i think
entediante sozinho mas muito divertido com os amigos, recomendaria pra jogar com os amigos ou fazer seus inimigos se assustarem com um assassino enquanto perseguidos por um bando de gnomos virados no jiraya
i got shot by a blind old man because i sneezed 10/10 game will try again
a decent treasure hunt game with random monsters, so funny with the right friends playing, chaotic, challenging. Has some glitches so overall 7.5/10
soundpad
really fun with friends
the old man with the shotgun is funny
hmmhgn
good
Peak and the creators listen VERY much to their community. If you like Lethal Company, you'll love this
expected this to be a bad lethal company clone but I actually enjoy it more than lethal company to be honest
Yes.
i get to kill monmsters and friends and scream reallll loud
awesome game
Best tts ever. Has no right being as funny as it is. Also, very well done, I've encountered no glitches or bugs.
divertido!
GOTI
it a bit hard to get people but graet game
Best game in the category.
1. You can counter the enemies. You can hide from the enemies.
You can fight the enemies.
They all have weakneses.
.all is like. unlike the other ridiculous games.
2. You can upgrade your character. The quota is all for yourself, unlike the other ridiculous games.
3. The game is meaningful, you actually feel like a thief.
4. You don't get boring by replaying. It's made really well with this idea.
5. You can play solo, unlike the other ridiculous games. :3
6. SOMEONE IS IN PARIS
buy
its perfect best game
es como entrar a robar a una morgue y que te persigan los fetos mutados por el fentanilo
Un puto goty
es gud
This is a good game. Try it!
hilarious and stressful moments are had. I highly recommend.
poopy dodo fart ima buzzn a nt ahhhhh
Its really funny
que mas puedo decir de este juego, JUEGAZO, si tenes panas para jugar, la vas a pasar de 10 con este juego con ellos, si no tenes amigos no te preocupes que dentro de poco van a agregar un matchmaking para jugar con randoms, y ademas se ve que los developers si le ponen ganas al juego y escuchan a su comunidad (cof cof letal company te estoy viendo) asi que adelante pa, compra sin miedo!
I adore this game. Every single time I play, I laugh my ass off. It's creative, and extremely silly. I can't wait to see more, and I'll probably keep an eye on Semiwork's work to see what they have in store next because they struck gold with R.e.p.o.
Very fun!
so sexy head boi
es una locura para jugar con amigos 1000% recomendadisimo
passiert
Penso uno dei giochi piu belli di sempre per passare nottate indimenticabili, risate assicurate(glikglak)
sisas
I got killed on round 12 it was catastrophic tnt skulls everywhere, headman stalking us, the marshmellow thing being a weirdo, but anyways fun game overall definitely worth every penny.
Psdt: be careful of the blind man.
Very nice, and cool game. Pet the duck while you're cruising through out the levels btw, very kind fellow! 10/10 would recommend
insano
very nice
Suppa
EL PATO
Juego perfecto para jugar con amigos, para jugarlo solo lo veo arriesgado.
En mi supera al Lethal Company o lo iguala, Juego 10/10.
Que sigan actualizando el juego por favor.
Jogo MUITO DAORA!
Uns dos melhores jogos que joguei na vida, quem tem pc fraco, muito jogar, eu q tenho um pc extremamente fraco, bem rodar, esse game muito divertido com amigos, zueira infinita no jogo, recomndo extremamente 11/10
Its funny
fun game to play with friends
Easy to learn, fun, hopped straight into multiplayer and had laughs for hours.
yuuuuuy
Amazing
A duck followed me into the bathroom. I never left the bathroom
si
skib
The Fan Object sent me to hell (chasm of doom)
Your patience WILL be tested with that duck.
That stupid f*king duck.
10/10 would recommend.
This game is sooo funny and scary all at once - I love the proximity chat and the effects of the characters eyes looking around. I like the fact that you can choose the custom colors. One of my fav group games.
lethal company but better monsters and system
Do Not turn on the tv
C'est Oui
Fantastic game and I love the Developers. They are Massive W people. Cant wait for the future of this awesome game!
C COOL
that embryo never stood a chance
No se. dime tu. hasta las 3 de la jugando
um jogo para compartilhar um momento com a galera, um pouco bugado em algumas coisas, mas pra melhorar muito, e se permitirem os mods vai ficar bom demais, uma muito boa como se fosse jogar lethal company com a galera, mas os itens quebram fiquem espertos kkkkkk
duck
AFFICHE IMMONDE
SINON EXCELLENT LETHAL COMPANY LIKE
Very fun to play and if you dont have friends just use the discussions tab!
Similar to lethal company or content warning, has it's own flavor though.
Allows players more opportunities to get back into the game and not have to sit out for as long with the revive system. Monsters are slightly less punishingly hard but items take damage and lose value, adding a different kind of challenge.
If you like those you'll like this, most likely.
Personally think this game beats Content Warning, Lethal Company, and maybe Headliners. Get it. Got it? Good!
Super Geil wenn man in den ersten 3 Sekunden Sterben will
Super
Game is actually nicer than I expected based on first impressions (more specifically the thumbnails and the. odd choice for a mascot). Honestly, it scratches that itch I've had when I played Lethal Company and Content Warning. Really nice game! Love physics based horror games and I am excited for all the upcoming content.
Ein sehr unterhaltsames Spiel, dass sehr viele lustige Spielstunden verspricht. Wir (derzeit 3 er Team) haben auf den Karten ohne Ende. Lustige Animationen sowie eine sehr gute sind in jeder Runde vorhanden. Ein Spiel mit sehr hohen Faktor. Sehr zu empfehlen.
No controller support. I will update when they implement controller support.
muy na zi que no lo compren los jaockos
6 times the invisible monster thingy picked me up and dragged me ALL THE WAY TO THE END OF THE MAP 10/10 would break another keyboard
*OPINION ALERT*
quite literally the funniest co-op game
(even over lethal company and content warning)
funny
this game is fucking awesome and way better then MID company
Lepsza wersja Lethal Company :D
BIG HEAD FUNNY LOOK- SCARY RUN
Really fun game, I have encountered no bugs so far. And I've had some really funny memorable moments.
WOW! very fun game from all aspects! Thank you so much semiwork!
gud
super fun im 8 and its so fun!
kijk daar der komt ne n door de duer
fun.
fun
juego culiao bueno :3
Jogo legal para jogar entre amigos. Adorei a do jogo, enjoativo.
Quando joguei a primeira vez, passou quase duas horas e eu notei.
Godd Es god
good
nice
I hate horror games but love this game. It's so charming and fun. Every aspect has this fun charming polish to it. So many aspects of this game could be used in a master class for game development.
Es la hostia, cuantas personas seais la cosa se desmadra a niveles incontrolables
funniest game i've played in a long time
by far the best game ive played in a long time and cant stop laughing the whole time. even if it gets me killed sometimes. im excited to see what the future holds with new content and features.
Fun to play with friends I liked it, cool monsters and a great concept i'll be playing more.
pretty sigma game
fun
So much fun :D
Way better than lethal. Shenanigans off the chart lol
que buen juego me vine de la emocion
Nice
This game is FUCKING peak
funny and a good time, use the proximity chat for the best experience
el juego del
banger
Cry laughing. Hysterical.
REPO is one of those deeply immersive games, where you have a simple objective, with a scary twist. My son and I played it for hours straight, and couldn't get enough. Mechanics are solid, gameplay is scary, exciting, and hilarious at the same time. Lots of fun with this one! * Would be nice to see a team match save function, but single does have save.
its fun
11 10
Juego Divertido para jugar en y sacar muchas risas
muito bom, com amigos ainda isso vira
Fun Fun and Fun
I played with five other friends, we laughed, we ran, we hid, we screamed, we got scared,
we played for an hour, we will come back tomorrow to play this game again.
A very fun game to be played with friends
The game went perfectly without any problems, no bugs, etc.
The game uses your mic make sure you do not speak/talk to much be quiet
Extremely fun especially when playing with your friends!
Honestly, it's hilarious, and the best to play with a group of pals who enjoy funny horror things.
10/10
this game is funny as hell
all I can say is G.R.E.A.T.! the game tells you all the rest you need to know.
me me love this
only good with 3+ people even then boring to fast
nunca ri tanto
Fire
;)
A good horror game With South Park characters
amazing game
change the icon
I enjoy this game is really fun. It felt like lethal company but more productive
nice
SUPER DOPE
fun gan and is really poggers boiii but these freaky tal blac keep touching me under tabes
I LOVE R.E.P.O
Voll genial das spiel aber was mich ist durch die wand sterben
meow meow
Che juego es la mmda
JAJAJ me kgue de risa with this game
tolles spiel ab 4 spielern ist es sehr witzig!
this shit is peak
x fdhg
playing this game with friends has bin the most fun ive ever played in a long time
I'M ON MY WAYYYY!
bobunga
if you can help it, never play this game with a user named baileylv. worst mistake of my life
Great game, only thing I would criticize is the use of a demented emoji as their game's branding. In the game, it's fine, but I think they should put more emphasis on the characters you play as, because honestly you're never even focusing on the "Taxman" anyway, and the player characters are a much better selling point.
Nonetheless, I recommend this 100% if you're looking for a "Lethal-Like" to play with friends with it's own unique game play.
Game is good if there's no AI sweat robot creature in your lobby.
A game that's great, even better with friends. Like Lethal Company, there's a bunch of shenangans you can orchestrate with friends, albeit this one is physics based. You can jump roll, crouch, crawl, and be put into the cart that your friends tote you about in. The TTS, proximity chat, and movement of your character's mouth when you speak is just perfect. Honestly, the co-op extraction horror themed genre is just the best for fun with friends. The funny factor is significantly better with more players (though the game does get less funny as less people are in the lobby, and it's even harder with less). Easily will be playing this as much as I have with Lethal Company
good game but change that damn emoji
wda
FUN but need to fix the horrible lag for non-host players.
its fun
This game is so funny theres friendly fire the fun in this game is just a laughter and bullying sometimes but still Hella fun :D
yes
super funny at some points and horrifying at some certain points 10/10 i would get this game.
Tons of fun, but do have a group to play!
if you like dying to everything you encounter this game is made for you if not don't bother
funee gaem
good
i am pleased with the emoji as a banner
this is a lot of fun and very chaotic to play with friends
banger
Amazing game
:()
its a fun game and its funny to play
i like the robots
pretty buggy but its fun physicals based game
peak
goty
SOOO FUCKING FUNNY
falta um matchmaking, mas em geral o jogo foda vc vai gostar comprai
Fun as long as ur playing with fun people
Aboslute unit of a game. Good horror whe alone. AND EVEN BETTER WITH HOMIES
muito divertido bacana]
les minutes sur Repo, on comprend rapidement a affaire une perle du jeu Ce titre, avec une attention minutieuse aux offre une immersive qui amplement les louanges Que ce soit par son gameplay intelligent, son ou son ambiance unique, Repo s'impose comme une incontournable.
Un gameplay et fluide
des points forts du jeu dans son gameplay. Repo propose une la fois accessible et permettant aux joueurs de prendre du plaisir tout en stimulant leur Les commandes sont intuitives, et parfaitement la dynamique du jeu. Chaque action doit ce qui ajoute une dimension tactique
Les phases sont intenses et bien Elles alternent avec des moments plus calmes qui permettent de souffler et du jeu. Cette alternance contribue une fluide et maintenant du joueur tout au long de
Une direction artistique impressionnante
Visuellement, Repo est un pour les yeux. Le travail sur les graphismes est exceptionnel, avec des environnements riches en et des effets de saisissants. Chaque niveau une propre, rendant toujours surprenante et immersive.
Le design des personnages est tout aussi avec une fine et des animations fluides. Les textures et la palette de couleurs choisies renforcent le unique du jeu, une visuelle marquante.
Une bande-son
sonore de Repo est un part qui contribue du joueur. Les musiques, avec soin, accompagnent parfaitement chaque situation du jeu. Que ce soit dans les moments intense ou durant les phases elles apportent une profondeur
Les effets sonores sont eux aussi et participent renforcer du jeu. Le travail sur le sound design est remarquable, offrant une auditive immersive qui ne laisse pas
Un captivant
de son gameplay et de sa direction artistique, Repo brille par la de son est prenante, bien et le joueur aux personnages. Le narratif est intelligent, distillant progressivement des de qui incitent poursuivre
Les dialogues sont bien et chaque personnage une profondeur qui le rend attachant et Les rebondissements sont bien et ajoutent une dimension de jeu.
Une hautement rejouable
Un autre point fort de Repo est sa ses multiples fins et ses choix impactant le de chaque partie peut Cette encourage explorer et le jeu sous un nouvel angle chaque session.
Les et secrets ajoutent un incitant les joueurs explorer en profondeur du jeu.
Conclusion
En Repo est une sur tous les plans. Son gameplay sa direction artistique impressionnante, son ambiance sonore et son captivant en font une de jeu inoubliable. Il sans aucun doute titre ne pas manquer pour tout amateur de jeux en aventure riche et immersive.
Si vous encore plonger dans de Repo, plus : un qui amplement votre attention.
i did
10 10!
Games 5
BIG COOL
fun my mom is scared of it
repoio we repoIO REPOIO >;VV
des barre de rire
FOR THE.company?
:)
Como persona que tiene mucho sexo a toda hora, puedo decir que este juego es 100% parecido a tener sexo con una mujer, como yo siempre hago. Obviamente este juego no me puso caliente. no soy gay, yo tengo mucho sexo con mujeres reales como para gastar de 15 minutos. Por otro lado me recomendar este juego a la gente que no tiene sexo (no como yo porque yo tengo mucho sexo con mujeres, mucho) como si hubiese una mujer desnuda y desnuda. EL prota se ve como una de mis varias novias con la que tuve mucho sexo. He tenido mucho sexo. soy muy guapo y las mujeres SIEMPRE quieren tener sexo conmigo porque soy muy musculoso y guapo y muy bueno en los videojuegos. Todas mis novias dicen que soy muy bueno en el sexo y jugando videojuegos y siendo guapo. Una de mis enamoradas me tener sexo con ella pero le dije que estaba jugando un juego de sexo y a llorar y se hizo lesbiana y se porque no tuve sexo con ella. Tengo sexo con mujeres, no con hombres, no soy gay. Soy muy cool y guapo que las chichas siempre quieren tener sexo conmigo porque soy muy cool y sexy. Mi pene es muy grande. A todas mis novias les gusta mi pene porque es muy grande y soy muy bueno en el sexo y lo soy, tengo mucho sexo. soy guapo y sexy y tengo sexo.
The health mechanic is so fucking stupid
Not great, not terrible. Sorta fun with good ambience but mostly clunky and frustrating. Dying means you simply can't play the game or even voice chat with friends, as it mutes your in-game mic. Too punishing for casuals.
so funny, best 9,75 euro ive spent
For a first time Pc player, its easy to get the hang of.
monester
O jogo mais que eu joguei
reposess deez
10/10 Tem um pato folgado e um cego com uma arma
yes try and play great
Fun game
I play with a track ball. Without an "invert mouse" function it is unplayable. Last time i saw a game without this option was about 15 tears ago. Thought this was a standard now.
This game is next level, lethal company but WAY FUNNIER
PROS:
Physics
Characters
Items/Weapons
Monsters
Mechanics
CONS:
nothing.
gun
Es como el porron con ginebra. Un veradera exquisitez para jugar con tus amigos.
bangin bangin
2025'e damga vuran bir oyun kesinlikle bir arkadas cevreniz varsa alin ve oynayin, eger arkadas cevreniz yoksa beni ekleyin beraber oynayalim :D
ta bueno, pero le faltaria una actualizacion con mas cosas, recomendado para jugar con amigos
Juego hermoso, lo amo.
Touch the ducks
R.E.P.O. Ein packendes Koop-Horrorerlebnis, das macht!
Wenn ihr auf der Suche nach einem nervenaufreibenden Koop-Horrorspiel seid, das euch und eure Freunde an die Grenzen der Spannung bringt, dann ist R.E.P.O. genau das Richtige euch!
Das Konzept ist einfach, aber genial: Ihr spielt als Bergungsteam, das wertvolle Objekte aus verlassenen Orten retten muss. Doch Vorsicht die Umgebung ist nicht nur gruselig, sondern auch voller Kreaturen, die auf reagieren. Ein falscher Schritt oder ein lautes und ihr seid geliefert!
Was mir besonders
✅ Intensiver Horror & Die Umgebungen und das verfolgt zu werden, sorgen echten Nervenkitzel.
✅ Geniale Physik-Mechanik Das Tragen und Transportieren von ist nicht nur spannend, sondern auch unglaublich lustig, wenn man versucht, ein riesiges Klavier unbemerkt durch einen engen Gang zu schleppen.
✅ Proximity-Voice-Chat Kommunikation ist hier der zum aber nur, wenn ihr in der seid! Das sorgt eine extra Schicht an Spannung.
✅ Perfekt Koop-Sessions Mit bis zu sechs Spielern macht es riesigen gemeinsam zu schleichen, zu planen und sich gegenseitig zu retten (oder panisch zu schreien, wenn alles
Seit dem Release hat R.E.P.O. mich und meine Freunde stundenlang gefesselt es ist ein Spiel, das man immer wieder startet, weil jede Runde anders ist. Wenn ihr Horror, Koop und spannende Herausforderungen liebt, holt euch dieses Spiel!
Meine Bewertung: 9,5/10 Pflichtkauf Horror- und Koop-Fans!
i like repod
For this game I rate is positively, as a extraction horror game, it's very fun. The game is enjoyable both in singleplayer and multiplayer, there are a few quirks that behave differently between the two; but can attest that the shenanigans one can have in multiplayer are quite hilarious. Unlike other games of this type, you are not rushed through the game so you can actually enjoy it at whatever rate you wish, though map size will tend to skew you towards not taking eternity anyway. Also unlike other games of this type, during a match (in later matches; ie 2+), you can revive teammates whom have fallen instead of having to wait for that particular round to be over; I tend to prefer games where you aren't simply sitting out on the side for a long while, this game puts the responsibility for you to be brought up in your teammate(s) hands, which can be rather amusing. Overall, it's a rather cute game!
my semibot entered the gulag
Its pretty silly and fun with friends, I would recommend
so funny haha
LET US CROUCH IN MID AIR
THE BEST MULTIPLAYER HORROR GAME
Evidence
1.funny
2.monster creepy
3.funny little ducky
Muy bueno muy bueno (Actualicen porfavor)
good
komik
i laughed so hard and stuff
Splendid
sehr gut
Graciosisimo
buenardo para jugar con compas
10 ducks out of 10.
BUT
fix the problem with saving. After another day, it came out, when I enter it shows a save for level 100, and if I load it, it sends me to level 1.
Also, some bosses trigger even when they shouldn't, for example, a hunter can start shooting into the void for no reason, and if he is standing in a narrow corridor and there are no bypasses, you have to restart the game. Beamer (clown frog), just like a hunter, can stand in a narrow corridor and kick the air, which makes further progress impossible. Robe often falls under textures and becomes invisible. Hidden guy can take him straight into the clutches of another monster or even throw him into the abyss. I also encountered a problem on the Headman Manor map, my friend had no doors, and he calmly walked from one room to another, just like the monsters entered and exited, but my door was closed and I could not pass through, nor open anything, just a closed texture.
I will change the review after the update, but now it is impossible to play, the interest in starting a new game each time is lost. And not because of my mistake, but because of the game's errors.
a ampulheta legal
absolute cinema
Hallo alle meine Rentnerlein. Ich und der Rentner HPFlash13 auf Twitch dieses spiel sehr gern. P.s Es Freundschaften und deine mentale gesundheit. Ich empfehle es wenn ihr ein auf euch selbst gibt-
mt bom, mas so se vc tiver amigos, pq o jogo nao tem matchmaking ainda
REPO funny with the boys, blast music = bad things happen.
it funny
Que jogo e massa viu mininu
wir kommen rein, wir schlachten aus.
Tel.: 02346725384
buchen sie uns zu tarifen
these homeowners aren't pleased with me repossessing their grand grand piano and collection of uranium glassware
overall like lethal company but please add public room
Goated. Stressful. Ducks are totally chill to pet.
A lot of fun with friends
De las mejores compras que hice
best purchase ever
shotgun man
Me saca sustos jajaja bueno para los amigos
Very Laugh Many HAHA
very funny and scary i recomend adding a circus map and more circus related enemies just for the map i feel like that would be pretty cool and scary :)
WW
I think the obvious comparison is lethal company, so let me entertain that and tell you what this one's got over that one:
You move things with a physics tether, things can collide, push and damage other things or themselves and you!
You can actually hide from some enemies if you can't combat them
combat! You can stun, damage and outright kill enemies in a more effective manner than LC, but those enemies are also stronger.
maps! Still as labyrinthine though.
shopping cart! To keep all your items in it as you walk the map. or have them all destroyed at the same time when you accidentally drop the cart into a ditch.
It's really fun, and the differences are a positive for me over LC.
wwww
game is just like lethal company but even cooler
first level 6 times in a row and have got the robe
nois come bostaaa
overrated
GOTY.
Si hay amigos esto es GOTY :v
bro las risas estan garantizadas :)
Fun concept, but less than stellar execution.
Decided to give this game a shot alongside a friend, to see what all the fuss was about:
All we got was a worse/buggier Lethal Company, but with "LE FUNNY QUIRKY ROBOT FIZIKS!11!" Also no server browser on game launch, what?
I would avoid this game in its current state, perhaps worth a buy on sale in the future IF the devs removed all the god-awful emojis they keep plastering everywhere.
Dunderhumor, gav ni verkligen upp eran att utveckla streamerbait-spel?
laughed so hard my heart stopped
peak
Literally le fun
nerfeen al viejo con la escopeta
the difficulty scaling on this game really needs work. even with three people the levels are wayy too difficult to feel satisfying at all. a gradual ramp up of difficulty would be nice
very fire
si
funny
BRO QUE BUEWN JUEGO ME VINE
best 2025 game to play with friends
Change the cover artwork to something that shows off the game, and also add achievements. Good game though, definitely competes with CW and Lethal Company.
La gente te hace creer que esto es un juego de recolectar objetos y evadir mounstros. No es asi, este es un juego PVP donde peleas contra tus amigos para ver quien consigue la coronita, y se destruiran a ellos mismos sin razon alguna solo por ella.
Ah y tambien me olvide de decir que compraran un pato.
w game buy now
FYB
Veri funny my friends thrown me into some PDF with a shotgun 10/10
best game in a while
meu deus
5
good game
me cago de la risa sin reirme
Este juego es como el sexo, solo es divertido, pero con amigos lo es mas aun
pick up the duck
very good and funny
You R.E.P.O what you S.E.W.O.
repo god
funny af, pretty intense
rubber ducky named john
joni sins
The game is maximum fun if you have exceptional dudikoffskis at the start.then the performance reaches the highest level otherwise it disappears into obscurity
sigma
it fun yuh
Funny times with friends
Fetty Wap
Schnelle und sehr lustige Runden, in denen das Spiel einem ab und zu sehr verarschen und auch sehr schocken kann.
10/10
Lethal Company walked so this could run. this is an incredible game. Absolutely worth supporting a creative developer.
The best game right now. Please add random single player join sessions.
es un descojone
ducks
gaming
Got kidnapped by a ghost with the Hollow Man except he had asthma and dropped me, after making my way back to my buddies i hid under a table and waited to strike. Scared the shit out of one and laughed manically for several minutes. 10/10
fun
cool and nice
great game just need more improvement on the game
literalmente canadenses de south park conversando
Saw a floating head watched all of my friends die and the last thing i heard was screaming before i got killed 10 out of 10 game
Eu ja sabia que esse jogo era bom, muito divertido pra jogar com os amigos e as guias da steam ajudam mt
Already loving it
It's honestly more similar to Content warning than Lethal company, considering how goofy it is. Great game to play with friends.
its REPO
this game is just funny goofy and fun, it gets harder and harder as it goes on, and i can never really get bored of it.
alikujsbdgcfuioyhlaWsb
Really fun game to play with friends. I hope they add more maps!
-Friend Bought game for me
-Load into game with him and two others
-figure out how to play game
-get to a labratory
-get thrown into the floor and get a gooey monster on my head
-get thrown into the floor again
-die
10/10 game very funny my head hurts from screaming
Very stable, even on an old pc!
Its like any other loot based extraction game, except it has PHYSICS, 11/10
5/5
Me staring in shock and horror as my friend yells super loud near that blind fuck and then smashes a diamond on the ground.
Richard. I have the capsule. We are going to win this game. if it means I have to sacrifice my life.
SUPER DUPER FUNNNNN
funny and goofy
tis gam waz so scry it made me fucking kill my family, comit arsun, anf muder 87 peapel.
i agate this gaem
10/10 would tecomensd
this game is amazing. I hope they add skins and some level progression in future.
jueguen la wea
puteense
Jogo muito bom, recomendo mt! Adicionem mods para deixar cada vez melhor
Play repo
Oyun gayet iyi ama 3 girdik bi lvl sonra 6 zaman daha zevkli ve kolay lvl
This game is awesome! Can't wait for the updates
Great game, but can get boring while playing solo. Also, the banner looks really bad, but the gameplay mostly makes up for it.
My buddy was playing the piano and got lasered by a clown.
10/10 muy divertido
its fun
Unexpectedly good. Great take on the horror co-op genre.
R.A.P.E. Is very funny game
watched my friends get 360 no scoped by a blind guy 10/10 would recommend to my flamingo
bom dms slk
Fun with friends
This game made me play for 6 hours to get jumped by a bunch of gnomes on level 6, I'm now going to proceed to jump of a building
If ya like Lethal Company, you'll enjoy this! 1000%
GREAT GAME will play alot more when my friends are on
es un chiste andante este juego
HOURS OF CHAOTIC HILARIOUSNESS
BERI BERY FUNNY
i like pushing the cart :)
shotgun go brr
the best game ive played this year
Uma dica pra quem faz em shopping: Qualquer shopping que tenha 3 andares, o melhor banheiro o do segundo andar.
Por que o primeiro andar, sempre chega quem desesperado, mija fora do vaso e
No terceiro, geralmente a de aonde o uso frequente. no segundo andar, onde aquelas lojas que consegue pagar os valores dos produtos.
vai nas lojas caras e pensa: preciso CAGAR Portanto, o segundo andar o canal.
Outra coisa, ou dica extra: Se o shopping tiver 3 andares e tiver banheiros perto das lojas caras, o efeito o mesmo.
provides nice substance, some scares here and there however.
juegazo
Literally the most fun I've ever had in a game. Playing with friends is aces, but even playing by yourself is a blast!
nice
like
yes
Love this game, im starting to like games like this.
blegh
A blast with friends.
Can't wait to see what will come in the future!
veery fun
YES YES YES!
ES MUY BUENO EL JUEGO
hella good shit
game good yep
bastante bueno el juego ojala mas mapas y una de entrar a una partida con otras personas como un emparejamiento y que sea tengamos nivel por pasar de etapa y por matar
game is very nice but i wish u had an option to play that free for all after u die as just a gamemode it changes the mood
Duck decided to stomp a $24k grandfather clock until it broke and prevented us from completing the 2nd Objective.
10/10
Gra R.e.p.o to wielce znamienity horror, co nie jeno postrach w sercu umie, ale i uciechy przynosi. Tak wyborOwO uczyniona, i samojeden w rad zanurzy! Wszelako, jako powszechnie wiadomym jest, z druhami to rozkosz insza gra ta godna uwagi, a pewna na sto
pisspoor flavour-of-the-month lethal company clone for people who enjoy sitting amidst a spectator death screen for half an hour. having to wait over half my playtime for the rest of my teammates to meet some arbitrary quota just so i could play was not worth the moolah (this is a problem lethal company already solved via each day's time crunch). would rather put out a campfire with my face than play this again
10 10
1
Best game
The game is super super fun
Coolio, a "lighter" lethal company variant
For a game made by a small team it is in my opinion the best game out there to play with your friends i have so much fun on it i am crying every time i play it It is worth all the money Best investment made in a game i ever made I really recommend it The amount of fun i have on this game i cant describe it
oui
fuck this stupid horsehsit. fuck repo, fuck this developer holy shit kys
Moving Inc.
robot make moni then robot get confident and die
fun
I accidentally knocked out the invisible man. 10/10, would
remove emoji mascot plz.
Can't sex the duck
divertido demais
crazy-ass game, tops lethal company if you were wondering. goofiest physics known to man, and the monsters get me every time lol. i hope this game lasts a while
Amazing game
We must please the Tax Man.
rer
Fun little game cant wait to see what future updates bring.
even version 0.1 is already neat
this game is so much fun
no 3rd party launcher
10/10
epicardo juego, un poco caro para lo que es pero no hay quejas
god
heleki trol seven varsa
this game is very good and i hope they fix the servers.
sigma
This is one of my all time favorite games rn.
Multiplayer is so much fun with friends.
Singleplayer, I was worried if it would be enjoyable, but its actually so much fun and terrifying!
There are a good bit of bugs but I am very excited about the future of this game.
Cannot wait for the new maps and additions to be added.
ii
a little better than lethal company imo. great with 4+ friends
I have to get to the truck in 10
.9
.8
.7
.6
.5
.4
.3
.2
.1
*BOOM*
favorite part was when im literally 1 second away from getting the full cart in but then one of those fucking headcrab guys jump onto me and make it go from 10k to 5k literally in the last second i put it there
10/10 would slam my friend into a wall while screaming "JACKIE CHANN!" again
money
si
also da ist ein blinder
juegazo
oui
Buen p0rno
GOOD
good game great laughs many fun!
b aya iyi
funny robot gets scared (gone wrong)
Some of the most fun I've had in a game in a while
peak
Hella funny game with friends. Would recommend.
si no lo juegas eres el tipico pouser
( -rep
little shotgun go WAP
My friend ran out of a room screaming "GIANT HEAD!" so I had to investigate. needless to say, I misinterpreted what he meant.
Putting my bf in the toilet and drop a Grenade on him and blew him up so 10/10 would do it again and this game is pretty fun XD
cinema
The enemies are silly, but also unfair. Some of them just kill you without any counterplay (floating head, sliding statue) and sometimes the counterplay is just waiting for them to leave. It doesn't feel good and it doesn't feel like you can get better at this game. Most of the things you buy are inconsequential or unreliable. The only progression is larger maps and more money which you can use to buy unreliable equipment. The only item I've been excited to buy is explosives, but they are unreliable and some enemies can't be killed with one grenade.
Maybe I'm just a negative nancy, but the enemies just aren't well designed. Your strategy doesn't really change. You always run away from the monster and hide until they go away. If the enemies are always the same and the gameplay loop is always the same, you get bored. I like playing this with my friends but I can say that about any game. I don't prefer this game, but I'll hop on if my friends are playing.
buen juego para jugar con amigos
es un juego muy divertido y se lo recomiendo a cualquiera que quiera jugar con sus amigos por que si es para jugar tu solo es muy aburrido
Much less punishing than lethal company. It's PLAYABLE when there are only 2 players left or even 1. Monsters can be outplayed. More fun overall.
esta re god
This game is so fun and hilarious to play with friends. I die laughing everytime I play.
BUY
PLAY SOLO
REALIZE UR FRENDS DOESN'T WANT TO PLAY THIS GAME
PLAY SOLO
GET SCARED SO HARD U UNINSTALL GAME
23/10
100/10
fun as fuck with friends
great coop game
pretty goo ngl pretty fun
Great Game puts Lethal Company In The Ground Lol
Game is bussin no cap. Sheeeeeesh.
zerkin off
agalarla dalga oynanabilecek bi oyun
dip not:
10/10 We NEED Public Lobby
died laughing 10/10
good
game sucks buy it
lots of fun to play, and at the moment no crashes or anything
Text to speech is hilariously uncanny
Monsters hate capitalism, and I respect that, but I still gotta pay rent.
This game is actually a masterpiece. spend half the time screaming and the other half tripping over furniture, flinging priceless items, and blaming your friends for everything. 10/10
silly funny game
I cannot understate how good of a co op game this is. Do not use discord, the proximity chat is awesome.
There is also a hidden room in the ceiling of the rest stop, some pretty sweet and cheap grenades up there from time to time.
Also PLEASE add ultrawide support.
GIVE ME REWARD RIGHT NOWWWW(in a nice way)
I'm howling like Courage the Cowardly Dog playing this, the jump scares are so real
This game is a must if you want to laugh a lot, this game is horror but also so hilarious!
haha break stuff
good
i love playing this game with my friends
best and funniest game i've ever played
Probably the most fun I've had in a game in the last 3 years.
rage
I feel like my vocal cords contorted into about 5 different positions I never even knew existed. Overall fun game
played it for 44 minutes, best 44 minutes of my life
juegazo
napierdalam leszczy
GREAT
ye
Downloaded the minute it came out. Had quite high expectations on it. Overall fun but for awhile. pretty sure this game is steering towards comedy than horror, although a horror/comedy thing.
Gameplay: after playing dark hours, this game feels boring. I think because the death is too punishing. Players have to wait for long before they can respawn. the same like lethal company. If death is that punishing, you try to die, and the game becomes more serious than it should be. Probably adding a feature where players can assemble up the body and fix it back for revival. Probably adding the feature where the head still can talk when dead would be also fun.
The mood of the game: I feel like a little too grim. Since I presume that comedy/horror, the monster itself is quite scary but having a fun looking map is also interesting.
The mechanics and movement of the player is janky but seems like the concept of the game making players super clumsy - which is fun.
Unlike lethal company, where you only find boring things. This has more interesting loot. But I think adding a simple team work puzzle to obtain more valuable things will make things more interesting.
Overall: Game is fun but something is lacking.
hammer geiles spiel
ich liebe den blinden opa der ist so geil wie wieland welte
between scary and funny, perfect for a good time with friends
Gioco fantastico e molto divertente da giocare con gli amici, aspetto con ansia i prossimi aggiornamenti
YES
fun game
really awful game. cannot match the fun i had back when lethal launched in 2023
Amazing little gem of a game. Played for 2h tonight and had a blast, the scare, the hidding and saving ones friends or make them die lol. all in all it will be a laugh for everyone!
I got mine as a gift from a friend (Thank you!)
But even so I'd say if you got laying about and want a nice coop game with friends, just buy it. You'll have a blast!
SO PEAKKKK
Best and funny horror game, bloody approves 10/10
the best game that you could play with you'r friend's and solo too!
Nothing like lethal company, people do be glazing
really awesome
more fun with friends award winner right here
ive only played this game for 20 minutes and it has changed my life. my cancer has been cured, my dog got revived, and i have a girlfriend now. 10/10 game would recommend.
even though i havent been playing as much as my friends, this game is so fun with its original take. 10/10 this game is peak
good
the game that i had the most fun
funy robot
wow
10 10
10 10
10 10.
10 10
10 10
6 4
Absolute Gold. Everything you want from a game like this.
Pretty good! Only feedback I've got:
The head REALLY needs to make noise. It's insanely strong and unbelievably sneaky. I've had it appear out of nowhere a few times and murder me without any kinda counterplay - it was like instant aggro and death
The rugrat sticks around too long and I feel like it has too much health
KYLE
Legendary game. I almost pissed miself during our 5h gaming sesh like 3x. It's just so stupid I love it.
better lethal company
Scariest Stories:
"Tax Fraud is cool" i says.
"I smashes your piano" says the repo man who is tall but also short but also stupid.
i breaks his spine.
"I am leave" says second repo man who is also stupid.
i chases him and eat his spine also
"Tax Fraud is cool" i says, "but also tasty"
fun
absolutely wonderful game i would recommend this to everyone
muito top
BU OYUNU OYNAMAYI 10 TUTMAYI KIRIP DURUYORLAR OYUN KALMIYOR
fuck the baby
wait
EINFACH GEIL
w
Holy peak
shit
AMAZING GAME I am addicted and I have a lot of fun with my friends. We are so excited to see what's coming next. Thank you
Very Very Very Very Baller
scary SHOTGUN GUY
fun but its not easy like lethal company (VERY VERY HARD) there is no timer for mosnters to spawn they just do but its funny
awesome game guys! ive had such a good time on this game with my friends!
literally one of the best online co-op games i've ever played it's so much fun and has a great play style especially with your friend group
zlie gnomiki(
love this game to death!
Super fun
El mejor juego para jugar con amigos definitivamente
Not my cup of tea. I'd suggest giving it a try and making sure to have timer just in case. Feel like this is one of those you either like it or don't.
REPO is like Lethal Company but ten times better. You can actually fight back against the monsters whether or not you have a weapon. The art style is perfect, I just wish they strayed away from the emoji thing. Very fun with friends, even more fun with mods. 10/10
ling gang guli guli
this game sucks cock
found a tall pile of boxes
got on top of it
thought i was safe
a monster didn't see me
another monster didn't see me
randomly got shot by a musketeer
11/10 would recommend
very good game :3
stupido.
there needs to be a multi player mode with open lobbies so you can play with others and controller support when?
so fun
this game is really cool to play and really fun its playable solo but you need to be alot more carefull With groups its just chaos but allso vary silly and fun This game has been a joy for the past 20 hours and more so far and for 10 bucks i call that a win and worth the money
now the issues i could say are that match making is needs to chance but that is going to be added some time after this review the guns like the handgun and tranquilizer gun need to have there spread changed cus i swear i seen my friends be a good 6 inches away from a big bad monster and the bullet or dart gose a good 45 dagrees to the right left up or down and just not in the middle it feels like i have to treat the guns more like the shotgun then the shotgun its self but the game is new and haveing everything have its own physics has its issues and i would say its weird that melees have there own energy bar makeing them a bit useless compared to the guns since if they all use rounds or a fuel ill go with the ranged weapon but these are not game breaking or ruin the fun more then it makes sometimes it makes it even more stupid and fun just want the melees to feel more usefull
allso hear people talking about the weird emoji but to me its fine. its silly stupid and scary just like the game
Es un gran juego y muy bueno para jugar con amigos, las risas no faltaran.
SEX
Joga com amigos se tu fudido
One thing i hate about this game is that the monsters randomly spawn in your face. I cant even count how many times a monster has spawned at the spot where im going to deliver my stuff. then i get one tapped whilst at full hp. it still a good game.
Alien grabbed me and my buddy. we saw god.
I have no idea what people enjoy about this game. I've played and enjoyed Lethal Company and other similar games, but this one just has nothing fun going for it that I can see.
plenty of time to write this review while watching my teammate cower in a corner for 20 minutes
do Kibla
"I wonder what this button does." *Hits self destruct immediately within the first 15 seconds of stage 1*
Hilarity ensues.
10/10 Would self destruct again.
PP
I'm one of the few who did not like this. I'm a big fan of these types of games, but this one feels too unbalanced. The monsters are too powerful and there's really no way to fight back and no safe zone. All of this is a selling point for a lot of people, but not for me.
Well worth over $10
my friends die a lot
floating head man eats me sometimes
i like the whispering voice
Extremamente lagado para mim, por favor, uma para pc de batata
The banner Is
the perfect game for both people that like to mess around, and people that want to get as far as they can, still in development, but promising things are coming!
Lustig
i sent a gift to my friend and it hasn't been sent but the games good
ta wno
Super fun with friends alot like leathal company
Love it, lots of fun
cool ass game
like a lethal comp remake, but better. somehow
If you wanna laugh so hard you get abs, this is the game for you.
i got killed by a duck 10/10 game
lethal company but you're mighty beans
cool
10 10
funniest f*cking game ever made. It's a blast to play with friends and with future content updates adding more entities and locations and whatnot this could be peak
this game is fucking hilarious. i love the bat
schon witzig, bin gespannt wie das endprodukt sein wird
1. Start a game with friends
2. Play the game and understand the basics
3. Funny haha in the process and killed by monsters
4. Meet the quota, revive friends and extract
5. Fight over who gets what upgrades in the shop
6. Friends steal your upgrades
7. Revenge.
10/10 must get
This is actually one of my favourite horror games on steam
Luschtig
Lethal Company but your a funny robot
Please add LGBTQ+ representation to the game, it would mean a lot to people like me. It's not just about representation; it's about making everyone feel included. Plus, it could attract more people to purchase the game.
10/10
kemeny
Change the fucking logo and banner
2
peak
ey
Buen juego, me saco muchas risas. Divertido para jugar con amigos y pasarla bien.
bom
im the repo reaper
I like throwing the guys into the pit
Enemies and Friends!
Very good hotel sleep cheers mate!
Muy divertido pero efectivamente en fase "beta" hay bastantes bugs
Very fun game to play with friends! The fact that the faces move when talking in or outside chat makes it so much more funny. The sound design is honestly very good for a game this cheap. Wish we we had bigger maps so we can play with a few more people. Sometimes it's a little scary which makes it even funnier.
Looking forward to some updates!
Also design an original logo for this almost masterpiece. Not this simple emoji.
Funny ASF
the best game i've ever played it's super funny
Awesome
very fun
very good
Super fun!
Absolutely loving REPO so far! nothing quite like peacefully looting in the dark, minding my own to have some nightmare-fuel creature barrel at me and instantly deduct a few years off my lifespan. The jump scares? Top-tier. The chaos? Beautiful. The friendships? Hanging by a when screaming at the top of my lungs to accidentally lure a monster toward my unsuspecting teammates.
Would love to see more maps, levels, and horrifying creatures added because I clearly suffered enough. Also, can we talk about bringing back multi-game bundles? Steam used to let you buy extra copies in a pack to gift to friends, and this game is perfect for that. basically a co-op horror experience where you need friends (preferably ones you mind traumatizing). Devs, if reading make it happen. I need fresh victims.
10/10, would betray my friends again.
me la parto
10\10
Honistlyt Great game
There should be more weapons
Very funny
fun
muito bom
good with friends
please add controller support
muda essa porra desse icone horrivel feioso
art
its like lethal company and content warning had a baby
A good game. As of right now to my knowledge, online co-op is friends only which is huge bummer. Don't buy this game if you don't have any friends to play this with.
I performed a lobotomy on Grandpa!
Fun, casual game. Lots of funny moments especially with the right group of friends. Hope to see more maps and item variety but overall worth the $10 purchase to play it!
pog
10/10
5 5
sie ze smiechu xdddd
Geile Sache eyy
Very fun with friends 8.5/10
el ma mejor de los del 2025, mejor que el gta6
I liked it
ii robot purna
10 10!
Very scary, Very good, Very rage inducing
if so fun if you have friends(not me) and all the monsters and nicley coded credits to the devs for how good they are
Si.
haruna babunja
tres sympa avec de la
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
UUUURNNNGHNH IM GONNA REPO
La alternativa de Lethal Company pero mejor.
GGs
GOTY de las mejores sorpresas del a simple vista parece un juego tratando de replicar la formula de lethal company sin alma solo hecho para streamers y 2 horas de juego. pero todo lo contrario este juego esta hecho con mucho amor y es demasiado divertido y tiene mucho carisma GOTY OF THE YEAR DEL
huntsman very funny
very funny game
que juego mas god. 10/10
ta weno, vale cada puto peso, los verdaderos enemigos en este juego son tus amigos, avisado estas.
Wow. hilarious and fun, a great choice personally.
talk go aaaaaaaaaa
mouth go aaaaaaaaa
need i say more?
Good good
-
fun game
fesyks
I watched my friends die by a duck
very funny and a silly game with ur frueinds ngl
big funny game make tts funny haha
OMG 10/10 would recommend! This game with a good group of friends will cure your depression with laughter. Better with friends award goes to this game hands down
CANNONBALLL!
Lustelig
I love this game.
Sometimes you sneak through an old house, trying to collect as many items as possible as quietly as possible, while an old blind man roams the area with a shotgun.
And then there are moments when you and your friends transport an entire piano or a large statue from point A to point B as if you were a moving company or transport service.
definitely it is one of the best lethal-like games
R.E.P.O is a social horror game that takes the formula that Lethal Company popularized and iterates on the genre in so many ways that it carves more than enough room for itself. Text-to-speech, crouching to hide under or inside objects, a ragdoll button, physics simulation, proximity chat as well as gameplay innovations lead R.E.P.O to do more than ape the games that came before it - it goes above and beyond in ways that increase the interactivity between players, the world, and each other.
Highly recommended for groups of friends!
awsome
Sumamente aluciante! muy recomendado!
First I said I will never buy and play this game, after 24 hour I bought itt xD
I don't regret itt
Tremenda obra maestra 10/10 casi lloro de lo hermoso que es
bun
Hide under tables simulator
muito divertido
Content machine and stupidly funny it is when you play with friends
A friend gifted me this game, and I stole a bunch of stuff, ran into/broke items he was carrying multiple times, blew up a frog chef with a grenade, and got my face kicked in by some weird clown thing. 9.5/10
[ obligatory -0.5 due to cringe emoji logo that makes this look like some scam phone app]
I'm also apparently king of the losers
Game is similar in spirit to Lethal Company. Some of the main differences:
Seems a little more polished
Voice chat/robotic TTS is fun
Cart is nice for gathering gear faster
no time limit to levels - instead, you just have to find all the loot transfer locations to complete the level
the ability to work together to lift heavier items is neat
items breaking/losing value is funny
naice
Delete the Rugrat
melhor que tem no estilo de lethal company
Simplesmente incrivel! Ansioso pelas proximas
good game
Its fun, I almost die while laughing tho
Very fun, can be exciting or scary depending on who you play with, and your play style, remember running is a good plan
10/10 would recommend
KIRMA KASKIMI KIRMA VER KIRMAAA!
cok ii.
the monkey!
Improves upon lethal company formula. Its fun to see your friends mouth move when they talk more games should do that type sht
goated game
funny game as robot dude
chistosote si tenes amigos, si no es una fakin mierda chaval :fire:
game good
gra 10/10. Zdaniem moim i moich znajomych jest to najbardziej gra roku. horror, fajnie gra. polecam. Przez pierwsze 4 godziny gry z moimi znajomymi bardzo dobrze nawet jest lepsza zabawa w lethal company.
for the companyyyyy
[b]Lethal Company[/b]
[b]1[/b]. -
5 5, 10, 15 $,
[b]2[/b].
[b]3[/b].
this game ass
wdewadwadawdwadawdwadwadawdwad
wery fany ochen smesno
Good
tuvalete sokup, sifon inlemesini izleyebilirsiniz,
fun and hopefully will be even funner with more updates (funner is a word)
Fun with friends
Pretty alright, hella fun with friends
i recommend it if you like to scream
It's a very nice game but I'd recommend don't play it with someone who is eating all the time.
PS: LG ist dick
very funny game. perfect for playing with freinds. PS: LR stirbt immer
if you play this game you will become down syndrome
woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
sehr toll
Very funny with friends
YAS QUEEN
It is sooooo much fun, it is a horror game but with a lot fun twists in it. The monsters have such a unique design, they are sooo funny. It is even more fun playing with your friends! I have already had a lot of fun, I will defitnally reccomend this 100%
very fun to play with your friends
absolute cinema
Nice
bon jeu pour se taper des barres de rire entre ami(e)s
cool game very funny i mean it. Great to play with friends i cant stop playing this game its to good
C la frappe
pikmin simulator. ignore the stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid emojicon on tthe banner it is distantly related to this game
i wrote that first part a few days ago but after thinking on it more i have a lot more to say about this game. for future context at the time of this review the game has not yet received a content update and has recieved like maaaybe one or two patches that were mostly focused on keeping hackers from getting into private lobbies so this is a very early review.
leaving suggestions for things that i would like in the game at the end of the review
this game is extremely polished for being on its first version of early access i cannot stress enough how shockingly stable this physics based game is. i have seen exactly one glitch and it wasnt even related to the physics. every object has a different level of weight and durability so sometimes you need more people to carry something and sometimes you need to be more careful. i think a lot of the people complaining about the physics engine being buggy are just getting frustrated with things breaking or being too heavy when working around those things is the entire focus of the game this is repossession simulator this is "helping your friend move out" simulator.
most of the time when you break something it feels like your fault or your friends fault. occasionally you might grab something off a shelf weird and it flys off and smashes against the floor or youll brush something super fragile against a door and it breaks and you feel a little annoyed but nearly every time you break something theres easy to interpret feedback to tell you why it broke and how to keep that from happening next time.
NOT TO MENTION THE DRONES the feather drone makes anything you attach it to infinitely light so you will always be able to carry it on your own and the indestructible drone makes objects completely immune to damage so you can smack it against whatever you want as long as the drone has charge. if you have the money and you really want to you can even stack both of them on the same object. if you really hate moving fragile or heavy objects or even if you just want the convenience of not having to think very hard about what youre moving you have the freedom to do so its great
the movement is also So fun movement is one of the most important things in a game to me and this game passes the test with flying colors. it takes a bit to get used to the controls but throwing yourself at your friends and enemies is so so so fun i love it. the stamina system does leave a lot to be desired though. it drains really fast and regens really slow its just not very fun to use without a stamina upgrade or two. the characters are really cute and its always just a pleasure watching them move around.
the player upgrades you can buy in the shop are really good too they feel really well balanced. nearly every upgrade stacks very well and with just one level of an upgrade the difference is immediately noticeable.
1 strength and you can lift the big vases all on your own.
1 health and you can now just barely survive a point blank shotgun to the face.
1 extra jump and you can jump an extra time mid air that ones obvious but its really fun.
1 stamina and running already doesnt feel nearly as restrictive.
sprint speed and range are harder to quantify but i promise you they just Feel good you Feel faster and longer
tumble launch is my favorite upgrade and sadly i do think its the one ability that doesnt really do anything until like upgrade 3 but at that point it becomes a really viable attack and movement option. the upgrades just generally feel really good and it always feels rewarding to eat one.
the monsters are also very well designed with 1 or 2 encounters you understand the whole gimmick. little gnomes running at you pickaxing your shit pickaxing your ankles BREAK THEM AGAINST THE WALL! old guy using a shotgun as a cane and theres blood coming from his eyes Dont make a sound hes Blind and he Hears you. most enemies you can understand just by looking at them but if not youll understand after the first attack they do you see the baby pick up a vase and throw it at you you know hes the creature that breaks your loot over your head. the one exception to this is the robe that thing is Weird and i still dont fully understand it even after doing as much research outside of the game as possible but ill elaborate more on the robe in the suggestions section.
ALSO KILLING ENEMIES IS SO FUN I ALMOST FORGOT TO MENTION THAT enemies will drop immensely fragile, high value orbs when they die that scale im value with how dangerous the monster is. youre never required to kill monsters to meet quotas but its a really nice thing to fall back on. theres weapons that can hurt or stun monsters for sale in the store but you must understand this. Anything can be a weapon if you find a particularly durable goblet or stone, with some skill, you can hit it against a monster until it dies and essentially trade low value loot for high value monster orbs. monsters are also considered physics objects the same way everything else is meaning that with enough strength or people you can pick up Anything and just smash it against the ground until it dies or throw it into a pit and it feels so good. any idea you have to kill a monster will probably work and it feels amazing.
SUGGESTIONS:
IMPORTANT:
please add a more frequent way to revive people. without a time limit on days people can end up being dead for upwards of 20 minutes and it gets a little annoying. this is only really a problem for newcomers because the better you get at the game the faster you get things done and the less often you die but i think more frequent revives would be very nice for beginners. maybe bringing a head to ship will always revive with 1 hp?
please make the robe a little simpler. i think the enrage mechanic when you look at it confuses things a lot and muddys whats otherwise a really cool moster. i personally think if the robe just followed you at walking speed (maybe speeds up a little when player is sprinting?) and attacked when it got right next to you it would be more engaging and much easier to understand. currently i think it is the least elegant monster in the game which is saying something because every other monster is designed really really well
its been said so so much before me that i feel kinda bad to say it but please remove that emoji face from the marketing its not representative of the game at all and its only going to turn people away. i think the implementation of the emojis in game work really well and i think the shady taxman using this weird gross version of the laughing crying emoji is very fitting for the character but it has no place in the marketing. just use the little player robots or the headman or something just use Anything else thats actually relevant to the game the emoji face has such little relation to anything actually in the game.
LESS IMPORTANT/NITPICKS:
make the first tumble launch upgrade a little more noticable. if it was all shifted down so that with one upgrade you essentially start at level 2 i think it would be perfect.
diamonds are very famously extremely durable. in game they are about as fragile as an object can be. i understand the niche of "fragile but high value" item it fills but thats already basically what the uranium glassware does. maybe give the diamond a curve where it loses more money for the first few hits but then when it gets down to like $30 it only loses 1 or 2 per hit? almost certainly wouldnt be worth the effort to program that but it would make me happy to see a more durable diamond
FUN:
i would really like to see custom orb models for all of the different monsters i think that would be cute. maybe just a little recolor to make the orbs look more like the creatures theyve come from. maybe make them look a little more ethereal so its more clear its like a soul or something.
best game.
R.E.P.O., :D
XD
Jogo muito bom para jogar com amigos. compre se tiver amigos.
really fun to play with friends
very good game veri gud play this becase youc an kill your friends, veri gud
friend alone with 3 others dead. "souuld i just get shot so we can reset?" Get's shot 1 second later. xD
10/10
lol
Will recommend this game when the devs add invert mouse option. Community has been asking for a while now.
I love the duck
I love this game, my friends told me to get it and they were not wrong it is like lethal company and content warning and very exciting each time I play it with 20+ hours I love this game very much I would recommend to buy and play this game.
Great and Funny Game
my friends are morons
Best game ever if you have friends
-{ Graphics }-
☐ You forget what reality is
☑ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
-{ Gameplay }-
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
-{ Audio }-
☐ Eargasm
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
-{ Audience }-
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma
-{ PC Requirements }-
☐ Check if you can run paint
☑ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
-{ Game Size }-
☐ Floppy Disk
☑ Old Fashioned
☐ Workable
☐ Big
☐ Will eat 15% of your 1TB hard drive
☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it
☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data
-{ Difficulty }-
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☑ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
-{ Grind }-
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☑ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
-{ Story }-
☑ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
-{ Game Time }-
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ To infinity and beyond
-{ Price }-
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
-{ Bugs }-
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
-{ ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☐ 9
☑ 10
-{ Author }-
☑
Frog jumped at me wielding a knife, I smacked it mid air with a baseball bat, he flew into a pit and the game rewarded me with a Purple Sphere worth $8k
10/10 Game
mega fajna gra ale jedynie kiedy masz z kim pograci
nice
Very fun game to play. I hope it gets regular updates to stay that way.
GOOODDD
i hate my fucking friends i am going to hang myself
wah
yas cuhhhhh
ORRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRROSPU
Idealna gra do grania z innymi. zabawy. Gra roku w tej kategorii
scary, and hard at time, but very fun to play better with friends tho can't wait for the future updates.
;
very fun
very good, play with soundboard
1000/10
approved
+100500
infinite fun
fun friend
good game
good fun awesomeness (epic 2)
i got ran over by a shopping cart eight times 10/10
this game is a MASTERPIECE bro i have to say i have played this with friends and when you play it with friends its more fun!
amazing
scary
fun
Good and fun and cheap
XD
Intense backshots
Actually one of the best goofy games I've ever played! You liked lethal company and content warning? You're gonna LOVE this! The devs seem to really care what the community says and they seem overall like some chill guys!
If you haven't already bought or added it to your wish list, you are indeed missing out!
so much fun
G.O.T.Y.
Best in the genre
BEEP-BOOP *&*
I think this is a really good game they should make it a bit easier for new players cause i had a problem with escaping the enemies.
is funny yes and scary sometimes
The hourglass is the funniest item in the game
cjeylgfls yfit dc`
-
1 3 15
Fun
The most stupid fun you can have with friends online. Solo also makes for a pretty good and challenging horror experience. Overall an absolutely hilarious and horrifying game!
yes minions ueasd
My wife played with me and destroyed all the valuables from the scary enemy getting in her way. Def would recommend, it's just like my real life. 10/10 out of 5 Stars. Just don't play intoxicated, too scary. my wife that is. It can feel like a short lived game but still worth its price tag for the laughs you'll get from it.
El viejo ciego y todo lo que quieras, pero tiene mejor que el que el oro de tiro al blanco en los JJOO.
Spots big vase
Looks at value
Smiles
*bonk*
-$6200
Life goes on
Fun!
It's absolute banter.
un classique finalement
pros:
- its very funny
- i have more ping than the host of the game
cons:
-friends have soundboard.
67/69 overall
3
Wonder why i play this its fun but my braindead friends are funnier
Fun need friends to play monsters are a bit overpowered getting loot is fun maybe more secrets would be cool overall rating 8.5/10
Camped under a table for 20+ min on level 7.
10/10
o jogo mistura terror com fisica, se vc quiser tacar um globo no bicho ou melhor na do seu amigo vc pode
detalhe o jogo so pode ser jogado com amigos ou solo pois nao tem salas publicas
eu estava jogando com um amigo meu e nos tivermos a ideia de matar o monstro usando uma mina terrestre, o bicho chutou a mina em nos dois e nao tivermos nem tempo pra reagir antes de explodir.
so fun
Laugh to death
Macht mega viel mit freunden
very nicergre
se jeux est vraiment et cool
parfait pour jouer avec des amis
Just buy it, you will enjoy it
-{ Graphics }-
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
-{ Gameplay }-
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
-{ Audio }-
☑ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
-{ Audience }-
☑ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☑ Grandma
-{ PC Requirements }-
☑ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
-{ Game Size }-
☑ Floppy Disk
☐ Old Fashioned
☐ Workable
☐ Big
☐ Will eat 10% of your 1TB hard drive
☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it
☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data
-{ Difficulty }-
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
-{ Grind }-
☑ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
-{ Story }-
☑ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ Absolute CInema
-{ Game Time }-
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ To infinity and beyond
-{ Price }-
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
-{ Bugs }-
☑ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
-{ ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☐ 9
☑ 10
very fun game
cest incroyable meilleur jeu d'horreur entre amis qui a jamais
que du fun vraiment un banger pour jouer entre pote c'est un des meilleir achat des mes 24h
bomba game
10 DE 10
JUEGO QLO WENO WONS MUY WENO WENO SI ES WENO OEE
ah
'
5+, xD
El videojuego es divertido. El problema radica en su "Multijugador". Las partidas no guardan el progreso (ni de niveles, ni del personaje). Por lo que si dejas de jugar con tus amigos y crean un server por su cuenta, pierdes el progreso de todo lo avanzado. una vez iniciada la partida nadie se puede unir. Funciones en el multijugador que tienen otros videojuegos no se implementan. Un desastre.
Scary boom boom man :(
gud
e
funny if you have friends
3
k
10/10
This is the only game where I am happy that all my friends are dumb
duck kill me :(
Pollo del
Must
i love it when i propose to my friend with a ring and he says yes then we jump around with glee. then i bonk him slightly and he fucking implodes.
con un amigo nos cagabanos de risas con las fisicas y el chat de proximidad 10/10 recomendado
If you've got friends or happen to stumble upon a rag tag group of others, definitely an experience to be had.
AMAZING! I just started playing and it's so good! I recommend this game! 11/10
ducks
mgud
ta gueno
i got scared and i fart it
top 1 juegos pochos que son divertidos con amigos
Funniest shit I've ever tasted, I recommend: 10/10 fries
Silly Robot Game
Hitting your homie from off the top of the bookshelf is unmatched!
very good
Smile
Great
great game
git good
amazing with friends
Good ass game just trust me.But you do need friends to play this game
10/10
Goated Game, Goated Developers, Goated Fun. 10/10
Gore of my comfort characters.
10 10.
Et veldig moro spill med venner som ikke lett blir gammelt. Det er moro og givende i spillet, og den halvskumle av se en venn skrike og eksplodere foran ansiktet ditt mens du for livet suser gjennom deg er det som intet annet.
Spillet lider dessverre av noen tekniske problemer med internett, mangel egne skjermforhold og konstant frysing av spillet man blant annet plukker opp gjenstander (som lett dem med hvordan spillet kompenser frysetiden). Spillet er fortsatt i tidlig tilgang med tegn fremdrift, dette forventes klart ordnes opp i ettersom tiden
De kartene vanskeligheten skal mye av og gameplay-mekanismene som spillet satt opp, og det er nesten mer moro ikke komme langt som mulig. Det er et stort problem. Jeg at utviklerne innser dette og endrer hvordan de fokuserer vanskelighet i kartoppbygging.
Uansett er det moro fordi det er deg og dine venner som virkelig spillopplevelsen Fiendene har masse sjarm, og karakterene man spiller som er veldig unike og morsomme rett og slett se
7.8/10!
Lethal Company que bom
wyboru
✅ Normalny
Trudna
Hardcore
Projektowana w Paincie
✅ W
graficzne)
Odpal sobie Spotify w tle
✅ Nic specjalnego
W sumie to odpal Spotify i soundtrack z tej gry
Dobra
Normalnie jak z geralta
Minecraft ma
✅ Esej z gimnazjum
W
Dobrze napisana
Mickiewicz powinien scenarzystom
Darmowa
tania
✅ Idealna cena
Kup sobie innego
✅ na
High end
komputer z NASA
W sam raz na raz (0-2 godziny)
(2-15 godzin)
(15-30 godzin)
(30-60 godzin)
Bardzo (60 i godzin)
✅ (brak
farby jest ciekawsze
Powtarzalna
bardzo
✅
Jednorazowe
✅ "Ciekawe co by jakbym wtedy inaczej."
✅ "Ja jeszcze raz!"
WARTO
Nie
✅ Kupuj!
Goty del os recomiendo
Demasiado GOD
soundpadom)
so uhhh me when the frined isnt friending and you know bash him over skull with propane tank very fun much pleasure indeed my good sir!1!1!
J'aime tout
very good game, so gooood yummy yummy
A fun and chaotic game to play with your friends. A little scary but you get the hand of it fast. ihr wissen.
I GOT TO LEVEL 7
So much fun playing with friends, and with yourself too! 10/10
logo sucks, games fun though
Scary on singleplayer,
Fun with friends.
Pa echarse unas risas
A better Lethal Company
joguinho muito bom pra jogar com os amigos!
caso queira jogar, me adc
Very fun
I want to add a lot of new scary monsters and a stun gun and maps from games and the server, as well as a lot of quack quack ducks :)
ne kadar az QI nuz varsa o kadar oluyor bir mactan sonra oynatmak dahada komik oluyor
banger le jeu
Recommended, fun with friends
araba hayaletmi olur aw
:(
glugluglugluglu lin gan guli guli wacha lin gan gu lin gan gu
muy bueno pero ahora odio a mi pana
blind guy shotted me and it hurt
so much fun
amk
Its amazing its one of the best games iv'e ever played hands down. Yes it might be a copy of lethal company but it adds so many features that lethal company couldn't. The items are breakable so you have to be careful. Over all if you have friends I seriously recomend playing this game with them. But if your playing alone, make sure you went to the bathroom first.
goog
pito
saw an angry grandpa shouted hello and he shot me. wanted to pet a duck and it killed me. wanted to buy upgrades got killed with a grenade twice by my teammates.
10/10
4
10/10
shorts YouTube, :D
TLDR; 10/10 game, 10/10 devs, lethal company with physics gun.
Amazing game with amazing devs. Very small team all working on making their game as fun as it can be, not only listening to their community but also asking for feedback and help to make sure that there wont even need to be issues in the first place.
As for the game, fun somewhat scary game that can only be described as Lethal Company with a physics gun for hands. Incredibly fun to play, the player models are the cutest, funniest things I've ever seen, and there are so many funny little details that you need to find for yourself. It is all very fleshed out and puts a lot of AAA games to shame.
Best experienced with friends, but seeing as I don't have any that own a PC, let alone this game, finding randoms on steam and playing with them was my only choice. Even then it was a crazy, chaotic, amazing experience too.
imi bag pula coaie am fost fortat sa mi-l iau
Good
super cool
La que te dijo que un se llena
Con otra persona te miente
Es como tapar una herida con maquillaje
No se ve, pero se siente
Te fuiste diciendo que me superaste (ey)
Y te conseguiste nueva novia (novia)
Lo que ella no sabe es que (oh)
Me viendo toa' la' historia' (papi)
fue?
pues que muy tragadito?
haces el la'o
Si sabes que yo errores no repito? (Eh, papi)
Dile a tu nueva
Que por hombres no compito
Que deje de estar tirando
Que al meno' yo te bonito
Verte con la nueva me
Pero ya estoy puesta pa' lo
Lo que vivimos se me
Y eso e' lo que te tiene ofendido
Que hasta la vida me
Por ya no eres bienvenido
Vi lo que tu novia me
Eso no da ni rabia, yo me yo me
No tengo tiempo pa' lo que no aporte, ya mi norte
Haciendo dinero como deporte (ah)
Llenando la cuenta, los show', el parking y el pasaporte (ey)
'Toy dura dicen los reporte'
Ahora quieres volver, se te nota, mmm,
que yo soy idiota (ah)
Se te que estoy en otra
Y que te grande La Bichota
fue? (Fue)
pues que muy tragadito? (Ah)
haces el la'o (ey)
Si sabes que yo errores no repito?
Dile a tu nueva
Que por hombres no compito
Que deje de estar tirando
Que al meno' yo te bonito (Shakira, Shakira)
te fuiste y yo me puse triple M
buena, dura, level
Volver contigo never, eres la mala suerte
Porque ahora la' bendicione' me llueven
Y quiere' volver, ya lo
like a la foto
buscando por fuera la comida
Yo diciendo que era
Y ahora quieres volver, ya lo
like a la foto (a la
Te ves feliz con tu nueva vida pero
Si ella supiera que me busca'
fue? (Fue)
pues que muy tragadito? (Ah)
haces el la'o (ey)
Si sabes que yo errores no repito?
Dile a tu nueva
Que por hombres no compito (mueve el culito)
Que no tiene buena mano
Y al menos yo te bonito
bla bla bla ble ble ble blu blu bluuu.
TAXMAN
The game is great but some monsters are really unfair, like the big knight that pulls you through walls
jogo muito
THIS GAME IS FIRE I LOVE IT SO MUCH ITS LIKE LETHAL COMPANY BUT THE HUMOUR OF CONTENT WARNING ITS SO FUN BUT SCARY
nice
its super duper sigma run from head
very good
jbl
1/10
einfach geil. hahahaha
rizz
Feels like a genuine innovation on the subgenre of Lethal Company-like games.
Pompa Baba
Llevo 5h pero le este texto porque el juego excelente.
la de Lethal Company y le todos los problemas: Excelente rendimiento, un bucle de juego y que fomenta el muchas posibilidades para seguir en pie y no te deja colgado jugando solo, muy buena al detalle, excelente sonido y un gameplay justo si sabes aprovecharlo.
its a different take on the lethal company formula and perfectly blends horror and comedy into a super interesting universe and atmosphere, very much recommend for those wanting a new game to play with friends
ok
Crazy game
I flushed my friend in toilet and he exploded.
funny ass game
Lethal Company. lethal company
maymun bir varsa kesinlikle
boring
10\10
5
Ta bueno compralo
The best game ever!
1. Invite your friends
2. Shit your pants with your friends
3. Fight with your friends
4. Lose all items that you wanted to sell
5. Look how your friends running from monsters and you just chilling under table
Very nice game ngl 100000000000000000000000000/10
Giera dojebana
Vladimir Ilyich Ulyanov (22 April [O.S. 10 April] 1870 21 January 1924), better known as Vladimir Lenin, was a Russian revolutionary, politician and political theorist. He was the first head of government of Soviet Russia from 1917 until his death in 1924, and of the Soviet Union from 1922 until his death. As the founder and leader of the Bolsheviks, Lenin led the October Revolution which established the world's first socialist state. His government won the Russian Civil War and created a one-party state under the Communist Party. Ideologically a Marxist, his developments to the ideology are called Leninism.
the cute little guy isn't nice
I love this game so much it makes me wanna buss
yoksa
Buddy disappeared in the distance down a dark hallway. explosion. Buddy's head comes rolling towards me and stops at my feet. Great game, 11/10
Det er hyggeligt og sjov, at spille med sine venner.
Men man skal vagt over for, om der er noget rundt om
Pinche juego todo aburrido,.
Si tienes menos de 10 este juego es para ti
somebody want to play together ?
Wow! Excellent communication from devs and really fun game play! The physics of R.E.P.O. are next level & add a fresh element to looting games. Would definitely recommend downloading!
First of all if I every find a wife and we decide to settle down and she wants kids I'm going to think of that ugly ahh baby that threw shi at me. Second if my friends die after I revive them i'm going to take the nearest rope and hang mysel-
10/10 screw the huntsman
9
game is amazing cant wait for future updates!
Me da miedo la cara
EU BATA EU BATAAAAAAA
An impresive game! For it's price it s so fun! i hope we will get more content and the devs will take care of the game and not just to take the bag and leave it as it is.
How.Why.Did you COOK UP SUCH A BANGER THIS GAME IS GREAT IN EVERY WOULD HIGHLY AND I MEAN HIGHLY RECOMMEND GETING THIS CUZ THIS IS THE GAME OF THE YEAR!
):
sigma game 10/10
good game its fun to play with friends
banger
i really enjoy
e
Really good game to play with friends ngl.
imba
JAIME
amazing for early release
Very goood game, its so fun!
Ta piola
ble ble bleee blu blu bluuu ble blu
mega B)
Its ungodly the amount of fun you will have in this game, even with randoms!
This can be one of the funniest games or the most horror filled games out there
10 /10
Exception
Connection Timeout
LOADING
90
yes
Got a great main chick and a real bad ho that's left right left right left right go
good
The TTS is incredible, ty semiwork
Nice game to play with your friends and family.
10 10
Yes
hard to make a game similar to lethal company and content warning, yet be so much more creative, different, and fun, literally has more monsters/objects, that you can do anything you want with. even in the beta this game is light years better than lethal company and with coming updates could genuinely win game of the year
really fun no kizzie fr
skib
vibes of lethal company
peak
this is a very vsneoc chery bobsen geim
silly goofy and scary
Quack
This game is a fun and spooky/silly experience to play with your friends. We love Lethal Company and this game is both similar and unique enough to catch our interest. Even the text chat itself is a blast! Highly recommend
Buen juego con buena criaturas y con su buen punto de dificultad, el chat de voz lo hace chistoso y su sonido envolvente te adentra bastante en el entorno, divertido si tienes amigos con cerebro. No es mi caso
SIGMA
this game is really really fun but i would STRONGLY suggest changing the emoji image, it has initially turned off a lot of my friends from playing, and even streamers I watch, I get that's the whole tax man's deal but like it looks like something that some shovelware game would use lol
FANTASTIC GAME! I have absolutely ZERO complaints as most of my criticism comes down to preference. This game effectively improves, and damn near MASTERS the "Lethal Company" formula with no time limits, no ship to camp out in, and a WIDE variety of interiors. The developers also seem to be very engaged with the community and aim to add consistent updates which is more than I can say about Lethal over the last year.
Now, mind you, this is purely down to preference, but the only thing I believe would be a fantastic change is future enemies leaning into the "scary" route rather than the silly designs. Don't get me wrong, this game is intentionally a good cross of scary and silly, but I love the designs for the robe enemy above many of the others as it leans into the uncanny. Anyways, LOVE THIS GAME and I highly recommend it if you have a solid group of friends.
Funniest Shiiiitt ever
Yes.
Best game ever.
my friend keep calling me slurs in text to speech, amazing game
Client timeout 10 10
chido
todo
gud.
god tier
gut
lutsch mein schwanz
super
jo super zabava
oboymba
devs please dont let this game die! there have been SO MANY GAMES released lately that start out super fun with tons of potential that have just been abandoned, please dont be one of them! this game is super fun and actually pretty well polished, definitely one of the most fun games i've played in a while. keep it up! <3
fun.
INCRIYABLE avec amis on rigole a chaque fois
top tier stuff
I got put in a toilet and bullied. I pet a duck and regretted it.
The game may be normal, but it didn't work for me, steam didn't refund the money, so this is a bad review.
is good
Richtig krankes Spiel, macht mega und tot witzig
poopy
10 10
TOP
180
10/10
comolot
GREAT GAME
AAAAAAAA
If you want pure chaos, get this game
Lustig a.f.
repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo
amazing if you dont like you luck balls
Don Pollo spoke n I got obliterated by a shotgun
t345gruetgt3er45q-k0]
soundpad. 10 10
I have nothing bad to say about this game
10 10
they cooked
10 9
sehr gut
INCREIBLE, GLORIOSO, JUGOSO, VIRTUOSO, INALCANZABLE, GOLOSO, ESPECTACULAR, HERMOSO, DIVINO, APRECIABLE, MAJESTUOSO, PERFECTO.
son algunas de las cosas que se me pasan por la cabeza cuando simplemente escucho acerca del juego.
La manera en la que looteas lugares terrorificos, rodeado de amigos y monstruos, es lujuriosa. Podes hablar con ellos a la par que tu robotito mueve su boca y ojos. Juego de Fisicas estupendas, permitiendote entrar en recovecos de talla diminuta. El juego esta recien lanzado, sin ninguna actualizacion de monstruos o mapa, pero con lo poco que tiene, da para jugarlo 20 horas seguidas. Y no veo otro futuro para este juego que no sea prospero, brillante y armonioso.
R.E.P.O te amo
X rule 34
Lethal Company but good
:)
Another repetitive horror game with randomly generated levels and a handful of themes. If you've seen a 20 minute Youtube video, you've seen everything the game has to offer.
Ce jeux et juste trop a faire avec des potes je recommande a 100 %
I never touch these kinda games but when I tell you I am WHEEZING PLEASE THE EYES WHEN YOU LOOK BACK AT YOUR TEAMMATES KILL ME EVERY TIME
10/10 Funny Game with ur friends
its good!
nwm poprostu recenzje
JUEGO DIVERTIDO CON AMIGOS
Probably the best horror extraction game, even from the early access.
OYUNU ALMADAN varsa bu oyunu random lobilere atma yok dostlar.oyunda lag olabilir.En iyi interneti olan verirseniz sorun bir havesle steamda biri olarak malesefki olmuyor.Oyun bana yarine CONTENT veya LETHAL COMPANY zor korku bu sizin oyununuz demektir.BU ARADA OYUNUN GRUP ARIYOR isteseniz onlarla oynayabilirsiniz
very good game very funny but the game needs some new maps and an workshop edition would be great for items,maps etc 10/10 for me
dziadek chyba
buenardopolis insta broo
funy
Ele da medo e legal pra jogar com os amigos
itslike cocain
ame uwu
very fun with friends
absolute cinema
Fun game to play with friends at least on this game the invisible guy can be defeated.
No Problem, yes Dead from monsters?
c
5.
PhotonEngine
ITS GOOOOOOD!
to fun
rtfrt
Lo poco que he probado, me ha gustado. Es divertido colaborar con amigos para levantar objetos y enfrentarte a adversidades.
Por lo que he visto en las notas de parche, le ponen y tiene mods; no he visto errores por ahora.
En mi la espada floja y cara o no usarla.
Espero que en un futuro incorporen que otro logro.
Lo que puede que no me guste es que los enemigos no son invencibles, perdiendo el miedo pronto.
if water is water don't ice is hot to cold water you'd brain.
)
juegazo
Game Of The Year :)
R.E.P.O. is absolutely crazy and scary, really fucking fun!
[h1]game is great[/h1]
[h2]the emojis look mad stupid and take away from the atmosphere[/h2]
game anh em
android simulator, 10/10
Client TimeOut ALWAYS. I just cant play this game
goated game i loved jumping on my friends then throwing them to a monster
Muy buen juego para compartir con amigos, para cambiar de ambiente digital!
Solo que pudiera ser posible emparejar partidas globalmente.
good game and hup pom!
Bien
CONTINUOUSLY crashes when having anything in the background like discord
would get flushed down a toilet bowl again 10/10
biensur je recommande mgl
lethal company but better
not to say that lethal company is bad but this is like a sucesser in the best way possable
no timer,no need to buy flashlight,no pointless outside,Silly little guys,prop physics
It's lethal company but all the good bits
Lethal company was First and kick started this
R.E.P.O Is the spirtal succsseer
10/10 pero necesita
polecam zajebiste ze znajomymi by fajnie gdyby map
gut
Soundpad
plate
oyun korkutucu olmamakla beraber ve bir arada vermekte iyi olmayan oynanabilecek bir oyun. Oyun yer bile ve daha yeni bir erken oyunu yani parlak gibi
La ga guli guli ga ga linga guu linga guu
I carried my friend around while he played fetty wap, game of the year honestly
I played this game late at night with my son and 2 friends. We only played 1.5 hours, but man, what an hour. Great game, 10$. Cant beat it. Find another source of entertainment for 10$ that makes you laugh as hard for that long or longer
i fell in a pit, died, and then my game broke. 10/10 it was funny as fuck
Game is amazing. A better version of lethal company. Hilarious and scary. 10/10
the most funny game in all of 2025
10 SUR 10 ACHETER
Good Game
10 10
great game
best game of 2025
10
Super jouer avec des amis. Ce jeu est marrant je l'adore.
10/10
Bit confusing at first, but then super fun. Probably should have done the tutorial but oh well
the eyes chico, they never lie.
oyun
(11 10)
10 10
10
The game is actually fun and has great potential, but I can not recommend any game with first or third person view until they add the option to invert the controls. It's a simple thing and even if it can be modded, it shouldn't have to be.
pick up cup. teammate runs against cup. cup value goes bye bye
even funnie game
Better with friends fr
too spooky
The Leader "Okay, make a plan." (Dies first.)
Yelling "RUN" without telling anyone where to go
Blaming teammate for everything
Gently moves vase explodes on impact
This game has team play, but not teamwork.
Me and 3 of my friends went on a trip to a mansion to REPO some lost loot to make some money. One got eaten by an adorable little duck, another got eaten by a giant skull, the third got domed by a monster with a lazer, and now I'm hiding from an old man with a shotgun as we speak. 11/10 would recommend purposely get your friends killed by the monsters on this game. This games literally makes my cheeks hurt after a couple hour play session.
The gmod of lethal company. Endless fun and endless Stupidity
11/10
Esta graciosos pegarle un batazo a tu amigo
A very fun and horror game at the same time, good to play with friends, I recommend it!
+funny game
Es macht richtig laune
tia
good game
Que du fun. Ne pas jouer avec des amis
infinte memes
GOOD
Fire
SUPER FUN BEWARE OF FROG DUDE
WWWWWW
zaebis
gud game
love this game
repo
I'm not one for horror games at all but this one when played with friends can be one of the funniest experiences in recent gaming. I cant wait to see this game out of early access!
Game is good with friends
Scary monsters, scary atmosphere, hilarious game.
MUY BUEN JUEGO, me desde que lo lo y lo por primera vez. y me sigo riendo.
siuk kalau ramai urang
good very good
Very fun to play with friends. Creates some hilarious moments, and for the price its an absolute steal. I think collectively we need to start supporting developers like this more often, a quality game, for such a low price is so community friendly. They also allow mods, which can only improve the lifespan of this game, even if it ends up being another "game of the week" scenario, i will always find time to come back to it.
Very fun and addciting! Absolute blast with friends.
El mejor juego con los reales
11/10
cool
GET IT NO REGRETS
Great game ngl
this game is so fun
Chaos, died of laughter
top 10 mejores juegos del 2025
top 1 : FURRY FIT
top 2 : R.E.P.O
game rusuh, singleplayer dikasi animal 3 biji tambah apek predator tambah yg suka teriakin muka
i can launch myself into teammates, pick them up and then cart them around like babys
osura osura kusa oyunu muazzam bir mekan.
have friends and its great
This game was made by a couple dudes who have more or less no real idea what they're doing
and they made something great
That's what I love about the video game industry
keep killing it boys
lethal company and content warning combined W + von approved + opium approved
fun
nice
yh
pft,bcm
?
Great game!
Je to
seeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
5
-
11 10
0/10
10/10
Kauft es euch
I really hate scary games. I don't like jumpscares. I LOVE THIS GAME and it has both.
kolega strzela we mnie zielona sperma
un cago de risa, pero jugalo con amigos pq si no t re aburris
9/10 10
scary and hard game but very funny :)
i hate this game physics making it too hard for no reason
id rather play lethal
fun
Great game to play with your friends.
peak fiction
:3
Adorei o Jogo, mas nao tenho amigos para jogar, gostei MUITO do jogo, tira muitas risadas boas, sustos, desespero kkkkkk. Se alguem topar jogar me add ai, sou muito de boa.
11/10
21,3
Please add more maps!
un gioco veramente divertente da fare con gli amici
Eine sehr gudde supi
bello
The best game ever
✅ Yoink! Huntsman into the hole. 2 second later another Huntsman spawned behind me and blasted me into the hole.
✅ Legally yeet [spoiler] Rugrat [/spoiler] for greater good.
✅ Got kidnapped by Hidden and dropped me near the ledge end up dying by falling into the pit.
✅ Another monster damaged the Apex Predator and chased me instead.
Little bonus:
✅Mod is supported.
Its goofy, fun, and really difficult for some reason lol. Otherwise, its a great and fresh take on the genre Lethal Company falls into. Do yourself a favor, play with the ingame mics and its immensely funnier.
I've never raged harder and laughed harder within the same 5 minutes
Que jogo maravilhoso!
Me tirou altas risadas, gritos, com meus amigos porque quebraram meu diamante que valia 2.000 reais e eu consegui morrer pra um Super recomendo!
really good
s
=)
jogo bom mas da pra confiar nem no seu primo
Concept simple et efficace
good game. good spooks, good laughs.
10/10 would recommend flushing your friends in the toilet
good game
10 10
If you like lethal company and games similar to it i'd recommend this game. I have lots of fun playing it with my friends.
Very good games, my friends and I can immerse ourselves in them, many of the designs are very interesting. I hope that the official will add more content in the subsequent update, and on this basis, it is best to add a playable mode to let players get more sense of accomplishment.
sa fais peur mais c'est :D
Hufsa tok meg
BANGER
lachkick
Very fun to play. Looking forward to see the new content
very good and funny if you have persons to play
gud
very good coop game, made me laugh a lot
best game i hope they put it in ps5
very good game
Fun and challenging. Better with friends.
pov: your firends play sigma boy for like the 100 time and the you trying to run away form a monster
Ein Comedy Horror der extra Klasse, einfach nur Geil mit ein paar Freunden durch die laufen Sachen sammeln und versuchen alles zum Exit zu bekommen bevor Sie einen bekommen.
Klare Kaufempfehlung
This is easily the best LC clone to date, even better than the original Lethal Company in terms of gameplay. Everything in this game had lots of charm and love put into it. The mechanics are easy to learn and the physics-based gameplay gives everything a bouncy aesthetic. The checkpoint scrap extraction system makes both for an interesting twist on the LC formula and engaging way to increase difficulty. Locations have an insane amount of detail put into every nook and cranny of each piece with seamless level generation. When you lose a run, everyone is tossed into a free-for-all fight to the death Castle Crashers style and whoever survives is crowned King of the Losers and gets a physical crown for the next run. This game has it all and more.
Hands down the best part of the game are the REPO bots. The incredibly unique muppet mouth characters make in-game voice chat hilarious and their compressable designs make for absurd hiding situations. Characters turning to glance at each other when someone is talking is a nice detail. Not only that, but their gameplay mechanics carry this much farther than most LC clones do for me personally. One of my biggest gripes with Lethal Company and its clones is the helpless nature of the games. It's a coop horror game, so a lack of control is the only good way to incite fear in a situation where you're surrounded by teammates. But these games tend to overdo it, causing it to become too overwhelming, less scary, and more frustrating.
Unlike every other LC game, the simple addition of hiding gives the player much greater liberty and power to evade monsters instead of just being on the run the whole time. The game actively encourages hiding too with the extremely limited stamina making running less viable until you upgrade it. And the characters can compress into a quarter of their full size, allowing them to squeeze into nearly any hiding spot you can think of.
With that said there are still some downsides. The increase in freedom with the hiding mechanic makes the game overall more fun, but ruins the horror aspect of the game. Most monsters unfortunately follow the same basic "run-and-hide" solution with only a few deviations in perception and abilities. There's only three level types which get repetitive after awhile. And there's a handful of items that are useless such as the Tumble Launch upgrade, the Roll drone, or the toy hammer. But other than those few downsides, it's an incredible LC game. Cannot recommend this more!
zov
Gum fun, very scary. My friends throw my gums.
exelent jeu je recomande fortement
its not like LC its rlly fun; i think its bc of the revive mechanic but theres more too it
This game make me crazy in my head and want to spell out the whole alphabet backwards because thats a more sane thing to do than playing this shit.
100 100
:)
+
10 10
Das Spiel ist eine Mischung aus Lethal Company weil man suchen und verkaufen muss und Content Warning da es sich die Figuren zu steuern und der Spiel Physik. Dennoch ist es ein Spiel das sich lohnt da es viel mit Freunden macht und lustige Eigenschaften hat wie die Lobby Musik die Spongebob leicht oder das was man in den Chat schreibt in einer lustigen Stimme von den Figuren die man spielt gesprochen wird. Das Spiel lohnt sich sehr zu kaufen wenn man Freunde hat die das auch spielen und der Preis ist ebenfalls unschlagbar.
Musst ihr wissen.
so good so fun
qgah
haha I love faygo
c
tout etait coul je requomende se jeu
AMAZING!
iyi
This game is more like a Comedy co-op than a horror game and i love it that way, if you play by yourself the jumpscares hit the most. So it more like a spectrum: the more people playing it gets funnier and the less people are playing it gets scarier
Developers listen to community, enough said
W Game Physics
soundpad
4
top
Manisa Celal Bayar Turgutlu Teknoloji gelmeyin.
Jeux amusant avec des donnant une touche de A jouer entre amis pour beaucoup plus de fun
just a super fun recreational game to play with friends or scary if you are by yourself. The game is a mix of scary but also just stupid funny mechanics that will make you laugh.
oyunda robot oluryouz
ABSOLUTE MASTERPIECE 10/10
I have been playing for only like an hour and i have so many funny clips with my friend. Of course its already a good game playing it alone, but with friends its an absolute fantasy. It fits the aspect of funny and scary which is a must for me. Again 10/10.
R.E.P.O. un'esperienza cooperativa horror che mescola il brivido della sopravvivenza con un gameplay basato sulla fisica. Se hai mai desiderato essere un mercenario che recupera oggetti preziosi da ambienti infestati, questo gioco fa per te.
goofy ahh
nice
10 10
this game is freaking soo good
Apenas compre, 0 arrependimentos.
5 5
Inna Maqoli Indonesia Rahmatan Makkah Madinah Fi - Mama Gufron
Son las risas xDDD
el la plla
[h1] R.E.P.O. A Hilariously Chaotic Co-op Horror Experience [/h1]
[h2]Summary[/h2]
If you're a fan of co-op horror games that combine terrifying monsters, unpredictable physics, and sheer comedic chaos, R.E.P.O. is a must-play. It takes the core elements of games like Lethal Company and Phasmophobia, but adds a unique physics-based loot system that makes every action feel hilariously high-stakes. Whether accidentally shattering an expensive vase, screaming at your friends in proximity chat, or battling it out in the of the arena, R.E.P.O. delivers non-stop entertainment.
[h2]A Familiar Yet Unique Premise[/h2]
If played Lethal Company, recognize the core gameplay collect trinkets to meet a quota set by an unseen, greedy boss. However, R.E.P.O. takes this formula and injects it with an added layer of chaos: a physics-based loot system. Unlike other co-op horror games where managing your inventory is straightforward, R.E.P.O. forces you to use a gravity gun-like tool to levitate items, making every step a precarious balancing act.
Every item can break, lose value, or get destroyed entirely if it collides with worse, if you clumsily bump into your teammates. And trust me, you will drop things. Your expensive loot will smash into pieces, your teammates will curse your name, and somehow, still be laughing.
[h2]The Charm of the Characters & Proximity Chat Shenanigans[/h2]
One of the most endearing features of R.E.P.O. is its Coca-Cola can-shaped robot characters that add to the game's quirky charm. The proximity chat feature only adds to the jaw unhinges and flaps wildly based on how loudly talking. Watching my character shriek in terror, their head flung back as they sprinted from a monstrous clown, was absolutely priceless.
[h2]The Roguelike Challenge & The of the Arena[/h2]
Like Lethal Company, Phasmophobia, and Content Warning, R.E.P.O. is a keep going until you fail to meet the quota or die. And dying is expected. push forward, get further, and then lose everything in the blink of an eye. But R.E.P.O. adds a fun you fail, thrown into an arena to fight for the title of of the
The first time I dropped into the pit, surrounded by random objects like teddy bears, grenades, a great sword, and an oversized inflatable hammer, I knew this game was something special. won the title three times now, though the third win was by may have accidentally blown up everyone, including myself. A a win, right?
[h2]The Monsters From Terrifying to Hilariously Annoying[/h2]
R.E.P.O. features a diverse range of enemies, each with unique mechanics:
The Headman A giant floating head that tries to eat you.
The Reaper A doll with blades for arms.
The Mentalist A floating alien that kills you with its mind.
The Clown Fires a deadly laser beam that instantly eliminates you.
The Duck (cutie Looks innocent but transforms into a monstrous nightmare if you try to pet it.
Some enemies are more aggressive, while others are just the gnomes. These little terrors dart around destroying your loot, forcing you to engage in a desperate, violent struggle as you smash them into each other to survive. It was brutal. Porcelain shards everywhere. My HP was at 1. I fought them off until another horde arrived, overwhelming me in seconds.
[h2]The Huntsman Pure, Unforgiving Terror[/h2]
The Huntsman is easily the most terrifying enemy. Unlike other monsters, just a guy with a shotgun. blind, but his hearing is that if you make a single noise, he will find you. And when he does? He miss.
[h2]Final Thoughts Why R.E.P.O. Stands Out[/h2]
Unlike other co-op horror games, R.E.P.O. stands out with its absurd yet challenging mechanics. Games like Lethal Company and Phasmophobia offer great scares and teamwork-based survival, but R.E.P.O. takes it a step further by incorporating fully physics-based item handling, adding a new layer of difficulty and hilarity. Every mission feels like a balance between strategy and sheer luck, ensuring no two runs are ever the same.
If looking for a co-op horror game that blends tension, teamwork, and over-the-top physics-based chaos, R.E.P.O. is absolutely worth playing. Just be ready for inevitable betrayals, ridiculous failures, and non-stop laughter. 55555555555555+
JUEUGASOOOOOOOOOOO
Start as little Packman's workers
Getting ready for screaming
Contemplate about leaving the checkpoint
Bring 30k$ loot to the checkpoint.
Destroy 29k$ loot because Baby destroyed it.
Hide under the Old Man Head.
Die at level 1
Replay
She re on my po till I extract
Lethal Company.
8/10, :)
10 10
para jogar em grupo
juuso ja jonikin osti niin on oltava
peak
Good Game but i suggest you play with two or more friends
1. Start scavenging with friends.
2. Friend dies.
3. Deliver their head along with scavenged items.
4. Friend revives and money bag pops out.
5. Other friend cheers, grabs money bag and hits newly revived friend with it.
6. Revived friend dies instantly once again.
10/10
game of the year, tho one feature everybody and me wants is lobby joining :) altough very good game! recommend
esta bueno pero falta sexo
Lags for russian
Very nice
o da ya lublu pisat v chate vot tak
waw
Queres cagarte de la risa y del miedo al mismo tiempo ? Compralo no seas teton
jmk
I was once hired by a lethal company but I was thrown into space, but I was found by some aliens and I was put into experiments by I turned into a robot. And since then I have a dejavu every time I see gypsies working with me as a dejivu
a nice game btw
physics based horror game? Count me in.
Big vibe, thumbs up yuh
kaczka fajna.
Funniest game to come out in years well worth the small price.
Cute ducks and armed old men with disabilities
La chamba me CONSUMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
6
After losing my job at a dwarf mining company i decided to apply for a job at LETHAL company and I have been yeeted into space for not meeting my quota,
i've watched my friend die to a music box and did nothing
even tried to be a youtuber and upload vids to SPOOKtube and i failed
and now i am a robot hired at R.E.PO ,hope i don't get fired again
jogo bem maneiro mais o comentario pra falar pra vcs me add pra geral jogar juntos jogar sozinho foda
I like it because I can put my friends in the toilet and we all scream at the top of our lungs
Hug the rifle man.
Fantastic!
Extremely fun, a great iteration on the formula
The worst marketing image in the world, though. It has nothing to do with the game, though, so if you can ignore it you'll have a great time
tres bon jeux
jogo MUITO MANEIRO, gostei de mais!
joguei com mais 2 amigos e MEU DEUS, pura.
recomendo comprar se vc tem amigos que podem comprar tbm, porem seja por isso!
arrume amigos para jogar esse jogo, eu te garanto que sera uma experiencia INCRIVEL
( estou >MUITO< ansioso para os proximos updates e tals )
fun and over loaded whit monsters an if you have friends your gonna have a good time
Screamed like a little girl and got thrown into a toilet.
10/10 game
Would break necks for the Taxman again.
Game seems to be fun, the downside is it makes me motion sick, very few games do that. None of the settings help so this will be a negative review until this gets fixed unless I just forget to update it.
is very fun to play with friends, but there needs to be some kind of fail safe as you can end up with no items left to sell. i like the cart and the concept though and the items losing value when hit is unique and makes it more challenging. it's great for single-player, duos or playing in a bigger group :>
very good game
100+,
upd 2-3
its very fun fun
awesome
good
zaebis
11/10
-
:)
Don't touch the duck.
best game with friends and really good for funny clips
11111
Super gra polecam ale czekam jak dodane i karty steam :) wtedy to super
This game is so fucking funny in every way, the monsters are goofy and scary at the same time, the text to speech is hilarious, the physics and animations make for incredible moments and the overall feel of running around with your friends in this game is just a blast. i absolutely recommend this game to anyone who's got some buddies to run with. and even if you don't have a group to play with, this game can be super fun solo if you like to grind.
Nice game, suggesting playing with friends, much better experience with more players in round.
amazing and goof the perfect game to play with a group of friends and watch them die in the most horrifying/stupid ways great game
10 10
bu
One of the most fun games I have played in ages with friends. 10/10
I love how reminiscent this is of other games i really enjoy, like lethal, whilst still doing it's own separate thing and feeling new. If you like lethal, especially the chaotic and humorous aspects, you'll love this game, too.
I find the controls in this game super practical and intuitive once you get the hang of it, and the PS2/old-school style the surroundings have are incredibly charming (especially given how customizable the graphics are, you can turn down the pixelation to get higher res, edit different filters. Normally my eyes tire from playing games in this style, but because of how much you can tweak, i haven't had that issue once playing REPO.)
I do wish public lobbies, or sending friend invites to people in your lobby, were a thing, and i personally feel the map upgrades should work for the entire lobby rather than a single person (the other upgrades being individual seems fair to me, though). I also wish stamina didn't run out as quickly as it does and that stamina upgrades also slowed down stamina consumption slightly. The only other thing i have to add is that i wish lobbies could go up to maybe 8 people.
Those are just small nitpicks though, and overall, i love all the other aspects of the game! i hope we get some kind of lore in the future, as the setting seems incredibly interesting and my friends and i have had lots of fun theorizing about it.
2 Ways to play the game :
Bully all the monsters, cuss at the little garden elfs.
Or get bullied by the monsters urself
10/10 would recommend
La verdad, esta bastante bien, es a mi parecer, un poco mejor que LC, y aunque lo han sacado recientemente, cumple bastante bien, con su los enemigos bien y poco mas puedo decir, pero todo esta bastante bien, eso si, cuidado con el ciego, que te saca del una escopeta y te coje muy fuerte
Never has the empty stare and loss of someones soul after breaking a $2k vase felt more real. Great game with the friends!
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
Having a blast with the game, but PLEASE change the promotional material for the game, I've had several friends mention that when they first saw the game they thought the emoji was off-putting and didn't think the game looked good at a glance.
Other than that, one of the best co-op horror games I've played recently, looking forward to more content being added
- - 5 =
REP
No buttplug compatibility 7/10
E
fun to play with friends
[h1] R.E.P.O [/h1]
This is probably the game that restores my faith in game development. It proves that you can make a game that weighs little, but is polished in every element. Simply a fun horror, perfect for cooperation. This game proves that all you need is a bit of procedural map generation, attention to detail for fun with buddies and you have a sure success. I follow the actions of the team creating it, they seem like people full of passion and love for their products. I keep my fingers crossed and recommend 2-6 people. (it's not that fun on your own)
buen juego muxa risa con amigos, esperamo actualizaciones con mas contenido original.
play now
ekle
it is so fun because you can be the reason your friend died
This game+ Autism= A night you won't forget
really fun with friends
Pretty Good, I was thinking it was gonna be a bad game until I played it because my friend gifted it to me :)
very good game
Side Eye masterclass
this game is hilarious
text to speech lolololololololol
Here is my honest review, after playing the game.3-4 times so far? It was honestly fun, more fun after every run. After playing the 2nd or 3rd time, I honestly wondered.is that it? Like are we just in this cycle where it will get old, maybe not even funny?
NO!
After experiencing playing recently and finally making it past day 4, the game gets progressively challenging. Even with feeling like your confidence is boosted because you lasted 5 days and you run it back starting on Day 1, the game will still throw a curve ball at you unlike you've ever seen. The game is truly unpredictable. I have more fun playing this than Lethal Company. Lastly, the game is fresh, they plan on putting in more content as time passes. This game deserves to be in your daily rotation.
555
mt sksksk
1. Buy game
2. See tutorial
3. Skip tutorial
4. Play with friends
5. Play for a couple of hours
6. Spend all of our items to kill monster
7. Get monsters soul
8. Break it
9. Crash out on friends
10. Die
11. Restart
porno
5
fun but scay
The hourglass alone makes this a 10/10
y
very fun
Lethal company but more tryhardy, the same fun and less horror, 10/10
Yes.
ta bakano
1
its preety good
)
Hella fun game :D
the new lethal company
R.E.P.O,
Perfect game to spend time on it with friends
fun af
is the funny
gud
viimesen peli
amazing
faudra m'expliquer pourquoi le logo c'est un emoji cursed
yuh
1000000000/10
BOAHH
Very good
best horror game in while very funny
fix yoy servers we cant play with 400+ ping.
tetas
The physics integration is genius. Goals are clear. I describe it as Gmod meets Lethal Company. It's absolutely hilarious and is always such a good time. Huge props to the developers for refining yet another classic in the lethal company subgenre of party games. This one feels very polished and well designed!
Excellent entry into the Lethal Company-like series, only thing that needs improving is the voice chat because you can barely hear eachother one room apart. thats pretty much it
funny game with friends (very chaotic tho) 8/10
sjovt ok ses
this is my new favourite game
Hilariously fun and great replayability
Best game ever
:steamthumbsup:
hao
Even just playing a couple rounds with my fellow skittishjumpy friends, gave us a hell of a ride with this Game.
Its like Lethal Company but (actually making me pissing my pants).
while pinocchio and the KFC chicken never fail to give me ptsd.
The text-to-speech is just peak. adding even more funny to the already goody looking ass Guys.
~
El juego es bastante entretenido realmente, espero que logre conseguir mas contenido.
aun asi, algunas quejas simples serian, que en modo solitario, seria bueno que no perdieras tu archivo de guardado por morir, dandote chance a seguir desde donde estabas, (al menos como una opcion aparte, ya que se que esto podria ser usado de mala forma) ya que jugando solo igual todo se vuelve mucho mas dificil comparado de hacerlo con gente.
de paso de eso, creo que el juego esta bastante bien por su cuenta.
I dislike that random deaths occur sometimes, when i hit a friend with the cart they die at 100 health
en zevkli
smecher
if u have friends
muy buenos los graficos
sfcs
VERY FUN
very schmeckt
sigma ahio andriod lookin ass
360
So fun!
Love it!
NICE AND GOOD
6.6 Hours, 3.14.2025
I've only played this game with in with 2 other friends at once, but it's been an absolute blast so far - the first night we played 3.8 hours straight. Personally, I recommend NOT playing the tutorial (we haven't played it) but it has made us naturally learn the mechanics in such funny ways without being taught -> it must feel like how humans did when they first discovered fire.
Something that has really amazed me is the AI and movement of creatures in this game. The game isn't tedious with long periods of hiding in lockers or under desks as the monsters will try creative methods to get at you. For example, I slid under a table thinking that it would keep me safe from this one slasher, then she leaned down and began swiping me under the table! If they don't know where you are, they will walk away and you may never know where you'll find them again. This keeps you definitely on edge. Also please only use the proximity chat to communicate. You're gonna miss out big otherwise. Also I definitely never shatter priceless diamonds.
Verdict: I foresee this game having a lot of playtime in the future. :)
Entrar - Extraer - Asustarse - Morir
R.E.P.O es un juego del tipo Lethal Company, pero si miedo de encontrar un clon y decepcionaros dejarme alegraros y deciros que ni de lejos. En lo que le vais a encontrar parecido es en que que coger cosas para ganar dinero.
De lo primero que me hablaros y es de algo que yo realmente valoro en un juego es de la capacidad de para estar en early access ya tiene la posibilidad de rebindear absolutamente todas las teclas, incluso los clicks. Tiene de mantener o pulsar para muchas de las teclas como el mapa o agacharse, lo cual facilita mucho la accesibilidad y la comodidad al jugar el juego.
Como segundo punto positivo el apartado te gusta el filtro este de VHS? Sin problema, desactivado. da dolor de cabeza tanto pixel? Se puede cambiar en las opciones. temblor de pantalla te provoca mareos? Desactivable.
Siento que ha sido un acierto por parte de los desarrolladores el haberle dedicado ese al apartado de los ajustes del juego.
Por otra parte, esta el tema del Singleplayer (Modo un jugador) y tengo que decir que se siente bastante mas divertido que en otros juegos que se nota claramente que estas alojando una partida para ti solo. Se convierte en un juego mas de sigilo y que no pude evitar sentirlo como en Amnesia Dark Crescent cuando andas esquivando a los monstruos mientras vas a lo mas profundo del edificio.
Espero que este entre sus planes dedicarle al modo de un jugador para que se sienta equilibrado y no tengas la necesidad de juntar un grupo de amigos para poder disfrutar de un buen juego.
De la experiencia multijugador poco tengo que deciros. Es una risa, hay objetos bastante variopintos con diversos efectos y los monstruos son graciosos, eso si, para un tremendo oneshot por la espalda cuando menos te lo esperes mientras estas moviendo lentamente un objeto voluminoso para que no pierda durabilidad al golpearse contra las paredes y poder sacarle el mayor beneficio.
Pero espera, no creas que este va a ser el juego donde te vas a por las pipas a esperar cuarenta a que todos tus amigos mueran o terminen el trabajo, porque en R.E.P.O te pueden revivir. Si, has bien. Existe la posibilidad de revivir durante la ronda si en el transcurso de una de las incursiones se entrega la cabeza de tu personaje junto a los enseres de la cuota, para que puedas volver a morir con una sonrisa de nuevo. esta vez sea tu amigo el que no lo cuente?
En resumen, creo que si sigue por este camino va a ser un juego al que siempre van a entrar unas partiditas. Lo en contra que tienen estos juegos de es que con el tiempo se vuelven repetitivos si no se van haciendo actualizaciones con nuevos entornos y monstruos, pero bueno de momento en R.E.P.O no vamos a tener ese problema.
Sin duda y por todo lo que os he comentado, yo lo recomiendo.
funny lol
R - Realistics
E -
P - Physics
O -
10 10
P. S:
Too much fun.
funny game
Tellement entre amies.
very fun and challenging! enjoying it with friends
everything tells that the game has been made with a lot of love and attention to details
very good!
game
good game
[h1] WB. [/h1]
R.E.P.O -
-
R.E.P.O -
7
R.E.P.O -
- 1 500$
R.E.P.O -
[strike] [/strike]
R.E.P.O - + Free Bird =
R.E.P.O - denza - faradenza
R.E.P.O -
3
10 10
paras peli
Good good god
This game is addicting! The monsters are unique and the little robot characters are so freaking cute. The animations are great. Playing with people is pure chaos, solo is pure stress XD this game is very similar to Lethal Company but unlike Lethal Company you can actually enjoy this one solo without needing to mod it out.
Only thing I wish they would change is the automatic extractor and put a manual button you have to push because theres so much more big loot on the maps than can be carried and put on all at once when your playing solo or with very few people. Im a greedy loot goblin and want all the loot but have to leave a lot behind simply because I cant get it all on the extractor in the short time it allows.
joguei 20 horas, ele e bem bom mas o que falta e a dos spawns de bixos, eles parecem ser sempre os mesmo em todos os mapas POVAVOR COLOCA MAIS BIXANOS :) e uma lore fod#
Aun no pude jugar mucho pero vi lo suficiente como para decir que este juego es de los mejores para jugar con amigos y que posiblemente sea de los mejores que tendremos en este
Amazing game to play with friends! <3
yes
So much fun, this is a game made for multiplayer! So much better with friends, unique monsters you can fight and fun maps.
75 5 -
-
I have never held in laughter so hard at a blind old man falling down the stores and getting my partner killed.
bueno bonita barato
Sitting at 13$CAD, its the best money i've spent in a while. This game is so funny to play with friends, especially when not bothering with the tutorial. 12/10
similar al sexo
great game to play with friends
but not in close spaces where mic's can be picked up by the others
2025
Steam,
R.E.P.O. -
Un hermoso juego para pasar el rato con amigos ojala vengan muchas actualizaciones para mejorar este juego y que no se solo el boom del momento y que despues se olvide
muito ver os bagre do meu time morrendo
"Lethal Company" "R.E.P.O."[/h1]
"The Retrieve, Extract & Profit Operation",
-
-
:/
10 10
Es si a vuestros amigos para pillarlo son risas 100%
Main bareng seru banget, main sendiri malah motion sickness
good.
10/10
GGGGGGGGGGGGAAAAAAAAAAAANG BELLISSIMO GIOCO
i see a duck
i pet the duck
the duck brutaly eats my face off
i died
10/10
would pet duck again
git git tata mnie dotyka po jajku
It's Lethal Company's hotter, funnier cousin
lethal company
OVERALL THE GAME IS FUN BUT
The bosses are too overpowering. and babies that steal things, you just cant kill them.
We we're playng as a squad, and those babies killed two of us. Other half of the team was trying to kill ONE baby like for an HOUR because it literally has more hp than a big monsters, you cant lift up this babies alone.
*PLEASE FIX THIS! THE BABIES ARE TOO STRONG MAKE THEM A LITTLE EASIER.*
Also shotout to person that optimised fps im impressed that my toaster runs this game smoothly
Je to hra. u spolupracovat a je a nikdy co Opravdu lidem s partou
yes
10 10
2025
good but need more boses and mobs more maps more mods more uodates
10 Soundpad 10
its a good game but one problem is that i have no friends anyone wanna play with me?
they should add matchmaking
fun
Amazing game, had tons of fun with a full squad, I would recommend this game over lethal company any day. The physics add a lot of creativity to the game, the fact you can actually fight back against the enemies, for example shooting the duck with the tranq gun and throwing it down a pit, the devs have a real success on their hands and I hope they continue to support this game.
fein
PERFECT AND FUNNY
This game is stupid.
this games so troll, love every second of it,
game is great i just suck at physics
very fun game
Biraz game over bu sadece bende mi oluyor?
Good game
There are no public servers, and you can only invite your friends to play with you.
break vase funni
QUE JOGO BOM GENTE! Viciante, divertido, e sinceramente melhor que Lethal (eu amo Lethal, mas REPO bem mais direto ao ponto e mais Comprem sem medo e chamem os amigos pra jogar, certeza que vai todo mundo amar
A masterpiece but need fix the guns
Watched my friend get kidnapped by an invisible man whilst the other one floated into the air and blew up 10/10 would watch them blowup again :D
9\10
they could add an arena mode to just goof around with friends and PvP, it'd be NEAT
Sigma game
Best game of the year! Great to make content!
This game is so fun, recommend to play with friends
victory royale
haha
verey good would rekamaned a little bit bugy but it gives it cariter
Prdel jak cip 10/10
Niyetimiz vermek zarar vermiycez.
Macht auf jeden Fall richtig bock, mit mehreren Leuten ist es total funny :D
PEAK its so fun and dumb with friends
Good game
GENUINELY HIGH QUALITY
Goooooood
Agalarla nice oyun
One of the best games I have played in years. I would recommend to anyone looking for a silly but fun game to either play by themselves or with friends. Lots of fun content and I still have not gotten bored of this game, nor I think I will anytime soon.
very fun with friend lol, a guy with a gun came through the hallway and my friend almost got shot so i said "bro you almost got clipped" and then it shot me instantly, me being the noob i am, not knowing it could hear me or shoot downwards
we need chinese
we need chinese
we need chinese
se tu quiser rir pra caralho comprar
W game only played about 3h and its amzing. The game is also very very high quality for 10 euros and takes only 300mb of storage. would pay 30 Euros for this
Best Game for 10 Bucks Bro i would pay 20 for this game such a W
Perfect
Very funny game
15 10
funny
Juego sencillo, risas aseguradas, y sobretodo, porque las cosas no se te rompan o que no te tumben tus amigos para luego tirarte al o que te usen como cebo XD
Letal Company,
simplesmente R.E.P.O. o melhor Lethal-Like recentemente, sozinho da medo, mas com os amigos rir
good
+
The game is cool but lacks multiplayer
the most funny and chaotic co-op game money can buy
best lethal company like game of 2025 so far
nothing is beating this and we still have 9 months to go
i will personally apologize on here if it happens but mark my words it will not
cel mai bun joc
FUNNY ANDROID AHH GAME
sehr geil
5/10
zvfgbhnjhdscfghjklrerty
The clown hit me with his chlamydia beam and I disintegrated. Goated game, worth ALL of the shekels
kis a lethal company-hoz de is van benne nem egy haverokkal ha
SOY MALOOOO SOY MALOOO ROMPO LOS OBJETOS Y EL MAPA SE QUEDA SIN COSAS PA VENDEEEEEEEER
GOTY
I personally believe this game and Lethal Company have near-perfectly nailed the genre that they are both a part of. This game's biggest strength is its willingness to let you and your friends experiment. Being able to freely try out any item in the shop with no consequence means that your team can strategize (and goof off) to your heart's content! And while I do feel like learning the patterns of the enemies is less intuitive than LC, they are still able to be overcome with enough bravery (and dumb luck).
Overall, this game is a banger. I love that I have another thing to play with friends that scratches the same itch, but in a different and unique way. Also, the robot TTS is hilarious and has so much comedy potential. My friends and I sat in the lobby menu for literally 30 minutes just messing around with it. Can't wait to see how the game develops!
company
xjqq
very very good game
fire
very funny game
best party game evar!
very good hard game.
Freaking best game ever dude, cant wait for more maps
eu basareno juguemos repo
fajna i smieszna gra bardzo polecam
haowan
top
ZZZZzzzz
One of the funniest game i ever played in a while
stupid ded
sb
chulada de juego
this game ass
10 10 )
du nase
Hilarious game with extremely funny moments. Great game for a night with the boys.
BEST COOP-GAME EVER )
-{ Graphics }-
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
-{ Gameplay }-
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
-{ Audio }-
☑ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
-{ Audience }-
☑ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☑ Grandma
-{ PC Requirements }-
☑ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
-{ Game Size }-
☑ Floppy Disk
☐ Old Fashioned
☐ Workable
☐ Big
☐ Will eat 10% of your 1TB hard drive
☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it
☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data
-{ Difficulty }-
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
-{ Grind }-
☑ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
-{ Story }-
☑ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ Absolute CInema
-{ Game Time }-
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ To infinity and beyond
-{ Price }-
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
-{ Bugs }-
☑ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
-{ ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☐ 9
☑ 10
getting head was never this scary.
C'est un grand oui
10 10
Kaiff
10 10
litterally cried laughing playing this with buddies. and lots of content and fun
10/10 can reccommend anyone with a friend group to play this
i haven't laughed so hard in 3 years
good fun goofy game
Zaebista gra. w z kolegami jak profesjonalni szabrownicy
gut
666
mit sondbord
estaria bueno que los objetos esten en
bon jeux coop
The experience of R.E.P.O. with a groups of friends ( ideally 3+ group size ) feels akin to a well polished Lethal Company. This game has significantly fewer bugs and issues than Lethal Company and it adds a few physics based interactions to the mix. Absolutely worth up to a $20 price tag easily.
Some levels feel a little more difficult to utilise the cart on due to the small windy corridors and the level progression feels a bit intense sometimes ( since the number of trips you have to make with the cart increases by +1 each stage progression ). But the negatives are outshined by the positives and the polished charm of the game.
Esta muy gracioso, chido para sacar unas risas u odiar a tus amigos
Amazing game to play with friends
10 10
THE NEW KING OF LETHAL COMPANY LIKE GAMES.
It blends the horror, comedy, and action perfectly because as your run progresses you go from fearing and hiding from monsters to out starting them with traps and bombs. Fighting them HEAD ON with swords and bats. And GRENADES. eventually you can get strong enough to manhandle them but even with THAT the game is super unforgiving you WILL die. Every monster is fair and fun (besides trudge) and you have a good chance at killing then all if your smart about it.
good game
funny
game
funny androids
Today I will eat two corn dogs
=D
Terrible. Literally play with anyone. Every time I try to join my friends I get an error of I tried hundreds of things being up saying drivers, reinstalling the game, restarting wifi. Nothing has worked. Literally the 2 hours I have on this game has been spent troubleshooting. Waste of money.
REPO is a must-play for anyone who enjoys action-packed games with a social component. Its exceptional gameplay, stunning graphics, and robust multiplayer features make it an ideal choice for gaming sessions with friends. Whether you're looking to unwind after a long day or challenge your skills, REPO delivers an unforgettable gaming experience.
Only played alone and made and oopsie in pants
10/10
do recommend
This game is great with friends and there isn't a negative besides the really strong enemies that make the game super interesting and immersive, the microphone settings need a bit of touch as sometimes it gives out feedback!, I would love to see more enemies and maybe different skins for them depending the map!, As well more variety and a better way of using weapons or utility! swinging it around its fun do! This game is great for its pricing, truly deserves a try.
Really fun game to play with your friends
game of the year
Most fun and laughs I had with friends in a long time while playing games.
The game is a real masterpiece.
The monsters are unique, although sometimes I call bullshit for some stuff.
The humor and comedy elements of the game are priceless. Game mechanics and proximity chat make it so you can have some priceless moments and laughs with your crew.
yes
soundpad. 10 10
a really funny game to play with friends
42 / 10
love getting my mates killed when blind shotgun guy walks into the room
11 10
absolute cinema
its really fun and has the best/hillarys reastions if you play with friends. also fun to play with random peaple best reactions ever.
content warning
great game
very hot
vERY AWESOME
This game is fun asf and better with friends to play with. My only complaint is the rxtarded emoji mascot they used. When I found this game through an Instagram reel and went to search for it on steam, I thought I was looking at the wrong game until I went through the store page screenshots. Otherwise this game is the only thing that comes close to being as good as Lethal Company (in my opinion of course). Hope to see a good future for this game.
polecam nie trzeba dobrego kompa ja mam procesor i3 i na najlepszych ustawieniach graficznych (jak gram na laptopie xdd)
-3
Cant play with high ping
)
Really promising start. Play a lot of co-op horrors / lethal company likes and this one is really up there in terms of polish, fun and replayability. Look forward to seeing how it develops!
i cummeded and shided.
10/10 would do again.
bla bla bla blu blu blu ble ble ble. 10/10
yes
chido.
banger, surtout l'aveugle
Comecei a fazer live desse jogo despretensiosamente na Twitch ( ) e este jogo me salvou da monotonia de jogos repetitivos! (Aqui o que tu ri, toma de susto!)
O jogo e roda em torradeiras, tem mods saindo para ele que permitem (regras do game, aumentar a quantidade de pessoas no Lobby, e enfim, MARAVILHOSO!
(superou lethal company na minha
Dito isso TUDO, esse jogo ESTUPENDO, se for GOTY ROUBO.
funny ahh game
150 15
I like the part of the game, running solo. I finished all my extractions.
I preemptively hide in a room maybe around 2 minutes before 2 threats walk in, I wait in the room with them and with no noise, no movement unless turning your head counts.
I get caught and curb stomped like it's Gears of War.
Just know, yeah it's a fun game but fuck you you're getting a temporary thumbs down anyway. I was fucking COZY in that hiding spot by the time they came into the room. I had a blanket and warm cup of tea. waiting for them to leave and just ope! Found ya!
Edit you know what, nah it's lowkey staying.
I should NOT see something in the distance, preemptively hide a second time and then watch as without motion kept getting caught.
Also you clear a set of 4 enemies like gnomes out, and despite clearing out the whole map 8 more fucking spawn and ruin your run. I can deal with re-spawning enemies.
But not if it fucking ruins your entire situation.
I'd much rather get killed than sit an an extraction site and stare a number that's $500 under my goal.
Respawn cheap items if you're going to do this.
Sorry sorry, I kept desperately trying to find new loot and I killed 21 gnomes in total, since you know 12 wasn't enough.
ALSO HOW THE FUCK DOES A CLOWN FIND YOU IN A CREATE THAT YOU HID IN BEFORE HE EVEN GOT NEAR THE ROOM YOU WAS IN WITH NO LINE OF SIGHT. THIS GAME MAKES NO SENSE.
Also found out that pre-planning is punished, when you go to open other extractions? NAH YOU MUST GO IN ZE ORDER IN VICH WE MUST DEMAND VROM YOU!
Fuck you here is your thumbs up.
3 2 9
This game is quit fun and far better than Lethal Company. Being tiny robots are fun.
Ramsay) :D
R.E.P.O. is a game similar to games like Lethal Company, where you and a group of friends explore a scary place with the objective of obtaining money to reach the ever increasing quota. While other similar games don't really meet the quality of Lethal Company, I believe R.E.P.O. is very close.
[h3] The Good [/h3]
There's a lot of good to say about the game. The gameplay loop of collecting various items while avoiding beasties is well made. Some items have unique properties that make them harder to handle, such as the music box causing you to spin around.
All the different enemies are fun and mostly fair. The interactions such as the old man tripping over objects and stairs because he's blind are very funny. I also love grabbing the baby with a teammate and bashing him against the floor!
The shop is also well designed. You can mess around with the items before deciding to buy them and any team killing doesn't ruin the game for those affected by it as the game restores your health to whatever it was before entering the shop.
The voices. Not only does the game have a great text-to-speech system there are also some things that modify your voice, such as the acid vomit guy and the eye.
The quota. Unlike in Lethal Company, the quota in this game is always reachable, so the only limiting factor on how far you can go is your squad's skill.
[h3] The Bad [/h3]
There isn't much to do while you're dead. The game is a lot slower paced than Lethal Company and levels can easily take more than 30 minutes when there are 4+ extraction points. Sure, each point can revive you at 1 hp, but at 1 hp it's very likely you'll die again if you aren't being careful or you miss a swing at an enemy (skill issue, yes, but it's still annoying). I do think they should add [i] something [/i] to do while dead.
The singleplayer. The game is clearly intended to be playing with multiple people which is fine, but I feel the singleplayer could be better. My main issue is that massive items can still spawn which are impossible to move alone.
The stamina regen speed is probably worth mentioning, though I think its fine that stamina management is an important part of the game. Still, there could probably be a stamina upgrade in the shop.
Overall, I think R.E.P.O. is a great game, especially if you have a group of friends. Even just 1 other player is enough to make the game worth playing.
^_^
EGOR VALEEV SIN SHLUHI)
[h1] Review [/h1]
R.E.P.O. - is a new and in certain aspects revolutionary representative of the quota-horror genre. Lethal Company set a new trend for co-operative horror games with a unique structure, and this game develops the concept and raises it to a new level. It has a nice atmosphere of its own, a place to shake with fear under the table and laugh in the voice with a crowd of friends.
I will emphasise the visual style, sound design and character models design. From the visual point of view the game perfectly sustains in its own foolish and at the same time creepy style. The main characters are robots whose only task is to collect rubbish in abandoned sites full of monsters. It sounds very simple and it really is, however the game digs deep developing this series of ideas and does it well.
The gameplay in this game is the main component. It is entirely based on physics and interactions with the environment. For example you don't just have to carry rubbish, you have to do it in such a way that you don't smash it, and that's harder than it sounds! Especially when you're carrying a fragile vase with three of you!
The monsters here make for a unique experience. A distinctive feature of R.E.P.O. is the ability to hide almost anywhere, which adds to the creepiness and the sense of horror that is often lost in co-op games. The monsters themselves have unique mechanics and you need to know a different approach to each one. Exploring all this together with friends is twice as much fun!
Another selling point of the game is the interesting and fun items you can pick up in the shop. Firearms, drone army, grenades, mines and everything else. Separately I would like to mention the possibility to pump up the abilities of your character, which opens up space for building.
And also in R.E.P.O. you can revive your friends right during the mission, which reduces the time in spectator mode after another meeting with the monster!
-
[h1] Recommendations[/h1]
Definitely recommend this game for purchase, and I'll make a small list of suggestions in case the developers are reading this.
[b]-Expand the assortment of monsters. [/b] Sounds like something obvious, but from the ideas that come to mind I would really like to see monsters disguised as players, as well as any static, like a predatory plant. It would also be better to set the limit on the number of identical monsters on the map to two.
[b]-More varied maps. [/b] You can, for example, add unique monsters and rooms for specific maps, as well as supplement with individual mechanics and scenery. For example, on some map you'll need to solve simple puzzles to get further, on another you'll need to run a power-up at the beginning, and so on. There are three maps so far and they're all great, but more would be nice.
[b]-Cosmetics. [/b] I'd really like to see some sort of meta currency in the game that would be saved from run to run to buy cosmetic items. I'm mainly talking about decorations in the truck and hats for the robots. This currency could be given out for closed quotas. This detail will have a good effect on the replayability.
[b]-Screamers and sound effects. [/b] The game has a great atmosphere and an abundance of horror elements there will take root well. For example, you can add a monster that will scare you with screamers, but at the same time almost no damage. This will create a huge number of funny moments.
[b]-Temporary effects. [/b] It would be great to introduce some not very expensive one-time buffs, like potions or stimulants, which for a short time give immortality, increase speed, etc.
[b]-Spectator Mode Gameplay. [/b] It would be nice to add some interactions between dead players and live ones. For example, add the ability to make your head make a beeping sound when you press a button to make it easier to find.
-
2-3 1 7
10/10
10\10
10\10
10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000/10
2
Really fun game
hyi
999999 10
the best gyat dam game
Lethal Company but not shit
nightmare nightmare nightmare nightmare
fire
Das Spiel R.E.P.O. ist ein qualitativ, knackig hochwertiges First Person Horror Game.
In dem Spiel spielt man einen Android Roboter der in einem Handy nach irgendwelchen Kack Vieren sucht, und diese dann verkauft, leider jagen mich ab und zu irgendwelche asylantenvieren und versuchen mich zu amk.
ihr wissen
What's more fun than ruining your friendships and giving yourself brain aneurysm at the same time?
Es el puto GOTY de este sin duda alguna, graficos sencillos y jugabilidad muy sencilla pero las risas que te echas son lo mejor de este juegazo, si sois muchos amigos mejor es un descontrol total
10/10
too much fun
fun to scare mates
cool
Witziges Spiel. Nur der random Multiplayer fehlt sehr.
bv,f kjk
2025.
10/10
-Find cute duck
-Cute duck follows me
-I adopt cute duck; name Benjamin
-Find giant wand
-Accidentally activate giant wand; shoot Benjamin
-Benjamin attack me
10/10 would play again
What was that noise? *hide under table* see my friend walking alone in the dark hallway i don't see him anymore D: Hearing from the distance AAAAAH WHAAAAT THE HELL IS THAT! AARGHHH, few mins later i walk there only to found is robot head 10/10 will do that again XD
the revive system could use some more work.
the game works better with 3-6 people. it's pretty difficult with less than 3.
good
One of the best games i have played in a while. It is especially fun playing this game with my wife! We got a ton of laughs together within minutes of playing.
I also feel like that it is way better than lethal company.
Im curious about what the devs will do in the future
R ecycle
E ach
P iece
O f my heart cause this game took it away from me <3
Absolutely hilarious, horror and adrenaline pumping game play. Run for your lives as you try to secure every last dollar's worth of valuables in your cart.
[RU]
Lethal Company.
-
[ENG]
It's a wonderful game! It's much more exciting than Lethal Company. Here you will meet a wide variety of monsters and learn about a variety of interesting mechanics. In addition, the game features atmospheric graphics and beautifully implemented voice chat.
10/10
Jump into pits simulator.
Fantastic game. Get it at 10$ so it's a steal. They will increase price after release.
Sooo much fun with friends!
el juego esta increible, pero si sos una persona que no tiene con quien jugar ya sea por que tus amigos no quieren comprarse el juego o por que no tienen plata, entonces mejor pensatelo 2 veces antes de comprar, si sos una persona que no le gusta tanto el terror, este juego no es lo tuyo la verda, todo el terror que da este juego juganmdolo solo se pierde cuando estamos con amigos una maravilla total 5 estrellas.
180
The monsters are too over powered and there is no indication as to how to kill them. After trying for several my friend and I were not able to make it past the 2nd level. Needs some major work. Not sure why so many people like this game.
super silly
really fun to play can yall change the emoji mascot to the lil SemiBOT in game instead they cool and emoji scary
[h1]R.E.P.O. A Beginner-Friendly Horror Game[/h1]
[b]R.E.P.O.[/b] is a beginner-friendly horror game that offers a limited yet thrilling gameplay experience, best enjoyed in the evening with friends. But is it worth spending a little money, or should you invest elsewhere? Let's find out!
[h2]Graphics & Atmosphere[/h2]
The game initially surprises with its unique visual style. It embraces a pixelated atmosphere, creating a tense yet not overly terrifying mood. Small graphical adjustments didn't negatively impact my fact, quite the opposite!
Thanks to this unique charm, R.E.P.O. stands out alongside its distinct characters. However, the addition of new character models with unique movements could further enhance the game. A few content updates could round things off and keep R.E.P.O. engaging in the long run.
[h2]Gameplay Tension & Overcoming Fear[/h2]
The gameplay shines with three core mechanics:
✅ [b]Levitation physics[/b] allows for interesting movement and new interactions.
✅ [b]Sound design[/b] strongly contributes to the horror atmosphere.
✅ [b]Personal growth in overcoming fear[/b] the more you play, the better you get at handling fear.
As a beginner, you start out aiming to collect as much money as possible. However, easier said than done, as various creatures stand in your way.
After 27.6 hours of playtime, I noticed that enemy variety is still quite limited, which might make the game feel repetitive for some players.
[h2]Performance & Optimization[/h2]
The game require much performance. Even with a budget PC, you run into any issues. The optimization is well done, and overall, I experienced no FPS drops or technical problems.
One small issue I noticed: If the host uses too many or the wrong mods, it can cause occasional lag spikes. Specifically, about every 20 seconds, a slight 1-meter teleport jump occurs. However, this could also be due to internet connection issues or other factors. You know how it problems always start with the person behind the PC![/b] HAHA!
[b]Minor Bug:[/b] A large item, such as the [b]Grandfather Clock[/b], was not recognized at a certain "checkpoint," meaning a significant amount of money wasn't credited. This could either be due to mods on the side or a vanilla game issue. Keep that in mind.
Bonus: There are no loading screens!
[h2]Replayability & Long-Term Enjoyment[/h2]
The game is fun in the long run, but after 40 hours, you start to feel the need for new content.
Many players begin modifying the game with mods before even reaching 20 hours of playtime, just to extend the fun. Personally, I need them, but I know someone who took this route early on. That tells me that the game could benefit from additional variety.
For the price, R.E.P.O. offers a lot of value. As long as you communicate well and are more extroverted than introverted, this game is a must-have! If introverted, recommend playing in a group of at least 3+ players for a better experience.
[b]Pro tip:[/b] Use the text chat and move your head!
[h2]What Could Be Improved?[/h2]
✅ More enemy variety There are currently too few different enemy types. New, creative enemies would make the game more thrilling.
✅ New playable characters 4-6 additional characters with unique movement abilities could add fresh dynamics.
✅ More items The number of collectible objects is quite limited. More items would add to the excitement.
✅ Room expansions instead of new maps The game generates maps by combining different rooms. Instead of designing entirely new maps, the developer could simply introduce new rooms with unique objects, making content updates faster and more effective.
✅ Workshop support & server lobbies Mods could enhance long-term replayability. Additionally, official servers with language-based lobbies would be a great feature for the community.
✅ More customization options Players should have more ways to tailor the experience, such as adjustable rules or difficulty settings.
[h2]Final Verdict[/h2]
[b]R.E.P.O. is a fantastic game for horror fans who enjoy playing with friends.[/b] While single-player runs are possible, the game truly shines in multiplayer.
Its unique art style and engaging gameplay make R.E.P.O. a strong with a few more updates, it could become even better!
saw cute duck tried to pick it up. it attacked me not very nice of the duck.
10 10
good
10 10
Jak na gre unity to sie postarali najlepsza gra horror jaka 11/10
Buddy in the back ain't allowed to laugh at home
The game is fun, funny, and challenging. I have gotten to stage 6 and it is super fun and kinda of scary. I dislike that the game items bug out.
Nice Game
Genuinely really fun game to play with friends and also with a highly addictive risk/reward gameplay loop.
But for the love of god, change the damn logo.
Shit looks like a cheap kid slop game and that's initially what turned me off of it. Glad I gave it a chance tho.
yes
its ight
HUGE contender for the genre. I look forward to an basically better-in-every-way LC that will actually be worked on and not turn into abandonware.
this game is fun plz make more :)
buen juego
comprenselo ratas
GG
3
funny haha game
20
Very fun to play, hours of laughter
is funny
10 10
"its just like lethal Nothing special mid game" says the beta cuck Dont be a beta cuck
i repo'd so hard
good
Muy buen juego si es para jugar con amigos. Te lo genial, tanto con sustos como con momentos muy graciosos con ellos.
Lo malo por ahora. Es no tiene de entrar a jugar en lobbys con otros jugadores que no tengan con quien jugar en ese momento.
oh my it just swags my burger I lOVE It It makes me jollyswag yeah!
Great fin with friends!
poop
its fun and scary and funny sucha good game to pplay with ur friends
Loveeee this game so much, its so chaotic but funny 1000% reccomend buying this game
muy bueno.
you can kill babies
The popularity of this game is deserved, but very concerning.
Popular indie games have a habit of ascertaining a very loud, territorial, and highly defensive following. Not only is it overwhelming for a creator, but also for its community. It creates an echo chamber that is opposed to foundational changes, which are necessary for early access games.
That being said, the gameplay is really entertaining and complex for something that is relatively simple. It features a proximity voice chat which is ESSENTIAL, not only for the gameplay, but for the best experience. It should be played without any knowledge of its contents and with others who don't know anything either. The low-resolution, low-poly, aliasing aren't what sell its visuals - the animations, technology and UI design do. A lot of the animations and movement in this game are genuinely spectacular. I haven't had this much fun with something new in a long time, and that's insanely rare for me.
monsters way OP, evil eye can spawn in only path to extraction and unable to break los/disable it, so absolutely trashed your run immediately, the blind gunman will patrol right next to you and the granade wont do anything, to him, but he can shoot you out of the air, weapons kill the friends on your team though, the floating head just chases you till it kills you, the lazer guy will hit you at all angles, the gnomes plus apex means you get axed to death, they can chase you into the truck anbd kill you ever after everything, you spawn with 1 health when brought back, health is ridiculously expensive, money per mission doesntr carry over
many of the monsters are ridiculously aggressive and have rough mechanics to avoid/defeat, i do not recommend this game outside of just getting killed with your friends over and over, dont expect much progression unless you're extremely buckled in
even if you do collect some items, the extractor may not detect/destroy the item and then you get no credit at all
this game is by definition terrible, even though i love the graphics and setup, the adversarial entities are trash
12
its good woo
4,
Es un cago de risa que queres que te diga, da miedo aveces y te saca unos buenos sustos.
good
its funny
shits gud fr
hits the nae nae
31
10 10
I highly recommend this game with friends. Solo is okay but prefer playing with friends
1
10/10
Game is great with friends.
is fun
imba
A newer and shinier lethal company. The unique physics-based design is what separates this game from Lethal, but it's essentially the same gameplay loop. Early fun comes from memeing around with your friends, but it has a lot of min-maxing potential to keep the game interesting after the initial novelty wears off. Arguably a higher skill ceiling than Lethal due to the nature of being able to kill all monsters. Highly recommend, better with friends. I'm riding the hype train on this one.
bueno
One of the most entertaining games I've played - made to be played with at least one other person, so keep that in mind.
The talking in game and robo-text ALONE are hilarious and excellent. The spooky factor only makes it fun and doesn't really scare too much which is great!
If you've got even one silly friend, its worth it 10/10
Korku oyunu sevmememe
worth the money
Its good like really good
SUPER FUN
180
10 10
Good
best
This game is Lethal Company x Phasmophobia with Garry's mod physics. Also screw that creature that laughs at me everywhere I go. Actual gremlin.
Prime example that a fun, creative game trumps intense graphics with no heart. Glad this game exists. Would HIGHLY recommend playing with a group of friends.
gud ga em
I heard one of my friends get kidnapped by a invisible person and hearing them scream for help get farther away.
Lethal Company, Voidigo,
:/
- semiwork,
break everything you pick up
en oyunu
Quality and performance wise absolutely 10/10, i can run all high graphics 1440p. on a GT 1030 i5-2500, soooo insanely good job optimizing the game.
Gameplay wise, game is absolutely addicting, 10/10 mechanics, 10/10 enemies, 10/10 maps, absolutely great game.
smeg
A lot more fun than I was expecting, it's a bit harder than most games like this though
My back hurts from being the best employee 'round these parts
puto juego bueno,que buenas risas
i can sacrifice my friends to the monster
sacrifice/10
Fun
Great game, devs that are passionate. Great amount of content for early access!
Ridiculously funny, the game is super fun but be warned there is no lobby matchmaking like Lethal Company yet so you have to get creative with Discord, or do what I do and ask people you meet on Lethal.
The game is super difficult at first but its just a learning curve, its a great time
Lots of laughs
so fun for playing with friends
goty
Better lethal company
No niestety. Nie ma online multiplayer. Ale ponownie Czekam z
literally so fun, although you will die a lot if your the type to freak out when scared. Definitely recommend the multiplayer option
360
gud
Game's great but the invisible mob is total ass and should be nerfed
tremendous
Very good game
fuck the menos grande
This Game Is Absolutely Hilarious
Lethal Company 2
very good
The game is fun but there are some issues that make it hard to play and enjoy. 1) the monsters spawn in instantly and start killing you off the bat and then youre a one man army trying to get all the loot and revive your friends 2) you dont regain health at all not even in between rounds. you have to buy health at the store but if you dont complete the round you cant even access the store 3) why are monsters allowed in the van? it literally killed my friend in the van and she was at 1 health for the next round 4) theres no info about the monsters or anything you have to guess and figure it out whilst dying. Right not the game is 6/10 because of the issues. Another thing to know that we had to discover was if not everything fits perfectly in the extraction it crushes it which was so annoying because it cost us to lose the game since we had to almost start over. 5) whats the point of hiding under tables if most monsters can still kill me
I think if the game gets fixed and certain things change like regaining health and monster spawn it would be 10/10. I would not recommend getting it right now while its early access game, maybe later if it changes a bit.
Easy to play, lots of fun with friends
This game was tough. I think what would have made it better is regen health between rounds. We should get a grace period for the mobs spawning. Also, we should get an option to chose one or two extraction points. Very fun with friends and I think if these were to be patched, it has a lot of potential.
The game is extremely fun but has some aspects that could be improved upon. For example: players should regain all health between each world/location. I died instantly in our next spot because I didn't get to regenerate all the way because monsters came into our van. Which brings me to my second point, monsters should not be allowed in the van. The van should be a safe zone when you're trying to leave for extraction. Speaking of monsters, they should be the map so we can properly avoid them and monsters should not spawn in instantly. There should also be an info spot on the monsters so you could learn how to try and live more. Another tiny detail that made the game unenjoyable is items not fitting in the extraction zone. My friends and I found a 41k statues and carried it across the map to the extraction point just for it to get destroyed because it was peaking out a little. How were we supposed to know that? The game is fun but it needs improvement as is it early access. I would wait to purchase the game for more updates to come out.
Edit: I just wanna add something to this, when it comes to the item shop including a description of what the items do and how they work be greatly appreciated. Also why does it give us the option to hide if the monster can just get an angel on me or crawl to me under the place im hiding and kill me.
This is going to be a bit of a learning curve and a bit frustrating. Barely pull an item into yourself = You damage the item. Barely tap an item or drop it just a bit too high, you can break the item. Powerful creatures can spawn at any level, even level 2, kill you and Bam! just like that those upgrades you just bought are gone. That sucks. I would think those upgrades would stay with your character. after-all, supposedly recharge items like guns stay with you. but upgrades. nah. The jury is still out for me, but these are a couple of things that seem a bit harsh for players trying to learn and wanting to improve their chances with upgrades. Would be nice if it was labeled as to what sticks with you, and what can go away upon death.
super fun
This game has been great so far. If you like Lethal Company, this is for you. It plays very similarly i.e. you enter a facility with your team and find valuable items to meet a quota. However, I personally think this game does all of that better, and more. Instead of going place to place with a time limit, each location you travel to gets progressively longer with more objectives and higher quotas but you can take your time in each one. For example, on my last attempt with people we were on a mission with 4 different extraction objectives to complete and it lasted over 45 minutes. Unlike Lethal Company, where you have a quota to meet at the end of the week, this game gives you a quota per trip. I also feel that this game is a bit more fair, while still maintaining that sense of self preservation. Unlike Lethal Company where death is semi-permanent, this game allows you to revive crew members mid mission, but only after an objective is completed and their head is collected (when you die your body is destroyed but your head becomes an interactive object). Another thing this game does better is the hub/store area. Here, you can clearly see all of the items available for purchase on store shelves, unlike Lethal Company where you have to use a DOS prompt program with no visual indicator of what the items are. Making money in this game is also so much better. It isn't a never ending nearly unachievable grind of repetition like Lethal Company. This game actually rewards you for your hard work, and pays out per mission instead of at the end of a week like it does in Lethal Company. This allows you to get new items, upgrades, and boosters on a mission to mission basis instead of working hard to get a good bonus just to lose it all after 3 missions making all that effort wasted. This leads to the situation where everyone does die, because that still happens from time to time. Instead of just ejecting you into space and calling it a day, this game pits the crew against each other in a battle royale type situation with a small arena and random items placed around at your disposal. I also think that the game looks great visually with a very appealing art style. The enemies are well designed with unique attacks. The characters and their animations are funny and slightly disturbing, but in a good way. All in all, this game is a much needed, very fun, very refreshing, more in-depth, and less repetitive upgrade on the Lethal Company format. Highly recommended. It will honestly be very difficult for me to go back to Lethal Company after playing this.
diverdido demais pra passar o tempo com amigos
fun good game
nice Game, Fun with friends
This game is absolutely hilarious as soon as i got it i laughed i think as hard as i have ever laughed, i highly recommend this game!
jogo muito bom, me fez descobrir que odeio patos!
o melhor jogo coop e mais apenas!
Might be the funniest game I've played in a long time. If you got 5 other friends, fucking play it. You won't regret a single cent spent.
So much fun! There was never ending laughs the entire time I played with my friends, good time!
Cada partida es una oportunidad para hacerse bullying mutuamente entre amigos. Este juego tiene futuro.
:)
Running from monsters as south park characters is fun
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
360 10/10
180 10/10
My friends and I had so much fun both in rounds and out! It was spooky but fun and learning about the monsters is really interesting!
Funniest game ever
Very fun very fun
16/10
i love hitting my friends with a silly cart and being murdered brutally by a frog with knives. 10/10 experience with friends.
Do not play single. Play with friends only.
only fun with friends
If you like insanity and chaos this is the game for you.
Accidentally throw people into acid pools with the cart whack people with a trophy and get chased by a raging lazer beam. The game never fails to surprise you. Do wish there was bigger lobbies but overall this game has become a new favourite.
Pretty kool gam
I RAPED A MONSTER AND KILLED MY FRIEND DEFINETLY RECOMEND
First time playing and a friend went straight to the toilet to give himself a swirlie. 10/10
this game funny HAHAHAHAHA
Best money i've ever spent
Esta buenardo y divertidisimo, somos dos personas solamente por si alguien quiere jugar :)
i love it
I fun game to play mates. really shows who is a team player. lol
funnyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
the amount of laughs and screams that me and my friends have had while playing has made this one of my favorite co-op horror games every.
It oozes personality and feels completely distinct lethal company, I didn't enjoy LC but I'm having a blast so far with REPO and can't wait to see what the developers cook up next.
goty 2025
its a dangerous world with unknown dangers but all of its manageable if you just hold onto your pants and try not to laugh or scream.
great game to play with friends and have great laughs XD
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHAHAHAHAHAHAAH!
Great Game Btw. :D
i would highly recommend this game if you have friends to laugh at when they eventually die from something.
tho i will say that the peeper is bullshit. i looked away from it and couldn't do anything as it kept taking my view from me. i would ask if ya can nerf it a bit so it has a cooldown to look at ya. i get out of its grasp and immedelitly got caught again.
overall a 8/10 from me. good game best with friends
a bunch of sillyness
Its like Lethal Company but fun
ive only played one game of it properly and died an like 1 and a half hours in and i can already tell this game is gonna be great.
money
all our FOOD. KEEPS BLOWING UP
Juegazo
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
lo mejor este juego es con amigos, si no tenes amigos no lo compres
Never ending laughter!
i like this product for no reason
yes
FIX UR FUCKING THUMBNAIL
)
gtv bcxer
good party game
fun game i cant wait for future updates
amazing game, cant wait to see what comes of it.
mid game 10/10 needs the law of quantum mechanics and advanced laws of thermodynamics and also newtons 4th law of gravity. hi
creo que no lleva ni 3 meses y ya se merece un goty al mejor juego cooperativo de terror, juegazo tal.
VERY FUNNY VERY NICE 2 THUMB UP HAHA
bom jogo
Is fun
Yes, it's a similar premise to lethal company, however, I never laughed quite as hard at lethal company as I did on this game. The silly antics are bar none. The more people you get, the more chaotic it becomes, of course. The bots are cute and the mechanics are smooth and easy to get the hang of. The monsters are unique and feel more intelligent, the latter of which your teammates may struggle to imitate. The environments have fun interactive secrets and can be just as menacing as the monsters. Whereas proximity chat is a thing, there is also a text to speech option that's quite fun to goof off with, just be careful around sound sensitive mobs. Overall, I find it much easier to be fully engaged here and have had nothing but a blast so far.
you can shake the babies
flung my friend across the room with a cart. 10/10
Great game. Has a mix of Lethal Company horror and suspense with Content Warning humor.
Soy mas bueno esquivando los monstruos que aparecen aqui que la chala voladora de mi madre
yipee
csary
Ksi killed me with his brain powers
Ist sein Geld 1000% wert, haben bisher sehr viel an dem Game.
Great game.
beep boop bop dont get moped.
monstro invisivel estraga o jogo todo,bicho inutil do caralho
terrible bueeenoooo. Lo juego con mis amigos y lo pasamos de pana. Eso.
Awesome! Fun with friends. Mechanics are hilarious.
Game gud!
10/10 for allowing my friends to smash valuables on my head.
un cago de risa
this game is so fun and has funny moments
Uhhhm so liek td dun but only if people are smart
funny
8/10 great game really fun but you have to have friends that have the game to play if you could add a random server option that would be great
great game and tons of laughs with friends
Repo Deez Nutz
Ta bueno po
yues
love getting the monsters to kill your teammates lol
una verga este juego. Josefina, si ves esto ver a los por favor
Great game, fun with friends.
I hope this doesn't become a game I play with my friends for a month and never play again. I am hopeful that the content updates will keep bringing us back. This game is amazing!
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
shi too fye
10/10
Es una jodida belleza, lo tiene todo recomendable para jugar con tus amigos y kagarse de la risa
Una maldita belleza de juego.
Peak
Hello, I just bought this game as I enjoyed watching it on some content creator who played this game and I tried to play it on, I really enjoys it what a great game. I just had a small concern though, as my one of my steam family plays this game on their library it said that they need to purchase this game, I don't why or if it's a bug or something as I read on the description of this game, it supports steam family so I thought it might be some bug, can you fix this for me please? Thank you, I really do enjoy the game, as of the moment we currently sharing one account as he cannot play it through the steam family.
Game crashes and requires a restart. submitted for a refund.
Amazing game with friends. Between the googly eyes of the main characters and the shrunken forms when hiding from the monsters, to the pain of losing a grandfather clock to a scurrying beast just as you were entering the extraction point.
Hilarity ensues.
Divertido con amigos
Funny game, screw the gnomes tho
GOTY
funny game
Picture this, lethal company, but, it sucks.
ttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt
GOOD
ADD GAY SEX THEN ILL FAVORITE
funfunfufnfunfufnfun i will recoomend it JUST HAVE FRIENDS WITH THE GAME OR ITS HARD TO PLAY ALONE
good game
I like seeing my friends look into my soul while the monsters brutalize them!
Es buenisimooooo, jalas mucha risa jugandolo con amigos. le metan mapas y a los avatares, genial!
ce tro maran
Pretty good
A note to the production team. I don't really have many friends in my life. So in the mod online to find a and I use the hall online people will be very few. I used to go to the lobby looking for people, people would team up and kick me out. I think this can learn from the deadly company, you must do online lobby, and then go to choose is to invite friends of the private room. Or open house.
SO GOOD
Yes.
todo culpa de lalo
amazing!
Barrels of fun.
mire muchos videos y pense que podias jugar asi random con gente pero tienes que anadir a jente y no tengo ningun amigo en stem pero si alguien quiere jugar anadenme
vry funi
that bird that i hate
Muslims came to my room and blew me up then a duck mauled my boy 10/10 would recommend
It has the same structural issue as Lethal Company where dead players are just sitting there bored for ages, with the addition of object damage causing you to waste a ton of time only to realize someone broke one or two items and that leaves you short of quota. Utterly kills what could be a heroic moment where one or two players still alive manage to full clear the map. This happened to me, and after 15 minutes I realized there really was no win state available and I had wasted all the spectator's time with boring walking around gameplay. So what's the best way to play? Immediately quit after a few people are dead or a single high value object gets badly damaged. Awesome. Really gets the immersion going.
It's so, so frustrating because when it's good it's real good, but the real good is like 5% of the gameplay. Same exact issue I had with LC. The fun loop is just too sloppy.
-{ Graphics }-
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
☑ Good but bad. yk what i mean
-{ Gameplay }-
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
-{ Audio }-
☐ Eargasm
☑ Meh.
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
-{ Audience }-
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma
-{ PC Requirements }-
☐ Check if you can run paint
☑ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
-{ Game Size }-
☑ Floppy Disk
☐ Old Fashioned
☐ Workable
☐ Big
☐ Will eat 10% of your 1TB hard drive
☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it
☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data
-{ Difficulty }-
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
-{ Grind }-
☑ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
-{ Story }-
☐ No Story
☑ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
-{ Game Time }-
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☑ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond
-{ Price }-
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
-{ Bugs }-
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
-{ ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☑ 9
☐ 10
amazing game, but play with friends though otherwise its unfun and serious
I watched my friend get shot right infront of me by a blind guy because he called me a dumbass. 10/10
Compared to Lethal Company, REPO offers a more robust framework for "funny moments", and is generally more accessible to beginners; the need to manipulate objects in order to transport them to an extraction point gives a fun mechanic to actually acquiring objects as opposed to a linear inventory system, and the lack of a time limit as well as reliable ways to defeat or avoid most enemies makes the game feel better to invest into. The addition of a proper physics engine and getting thrown about all over the place adds considerably more chaos, which in turn means more fun, and funnier to do with friends.
The major downsides of REPO are: firstly, the prolonged round durations, which can easily last between thirty to sixty minutes each on larger numbers of extraction points, mean that it's far more difficult for someone to just jump in and play with the group - so either they have to sit around for a long while due to the inability to join mid-round, or people have to just give up part way through, and lose their progress; and secondly, the monsters are just. far more goofy than scary.
And honestly, while I don't imagine it's a dealbreaker for most people, I can't deny that the design of the monsters and overall "vibe" are both intensely. Gen Alpha. Maybe I'm just becoming older faster than I'd realised, but the game is dripping with that Ohio Skibidi humour, and for me at least, it does take a lot of the punch out of more tense moments when everything is accompanied by a silly retention sound effect or the thing you're meant to be scared of looks like it's primarily intended to freak out a preteen. If you're looking for a game where you're laughing far more than you're screaming I don't think it's really a problem, but if you're looking for an asymmetrical horror that will genuinely scare you, I think this one might not be for you.
Still, a legitimately well-made, polished, balanced experience, that offers moments of both power and helplessness in a way I think Lethal Company struggles to do.
recomendo muito esse jogo, muito bom em todos os pontos, so poderia ter as conquistas
You are on level 4 with a 30K+ bonus. All of the extractions are done, and all you need to do is get to the truck. Both of your teammates are dead. Lock. In.
Then you get camped for 10 minutes straight by 2 enemies while at one health.
Then you die.
Would recommend. 10/10
another good addition to the genre of lethal company and 4 idiots team up and die
I'm repping it
adorei quebrar todos vasos valiosos com meus amigos gritando e sendo brutalmente mortos por um sapo
Hace rato no me reia tanto jugando algo
is good
(ESTE JUEGO ES PERFECTO PARA JUGAR CON AMIGOS SINO NI PIENSES EN COMPRARLO)
-{ }-
☐ Olvidas lo que es la realidad
☐ Hermoso
☐ Bueno
☑ Decente
☐ Malo
☐ No mires demasiado tiempo
☐ MS-DOS
-{ Jugabilidad }-
☑ Muy buena
☐ Buena
☐ Es solo jugabilidad
☐ Mehh
☐ Mejor mira se seca la pintura
☐ Simplemente no
-{ Audio }-
☐
☐ Muy bueno
☑ Bueno
☐ No tan malo
☐ Malo
☐ Ahora estoy sordo
-{ }-
☑
☑ Adolescentes
☑ Adultos
☑ Abuela
-{ Requisitos del PC }-
☐ Revisa si puedes ejecutar Paint
☑ Una papa
☐ Decente
☐
☐ rico
☐ Pregunta a la NASA si tienen una computadora de sobra
-{ del Juego }-
☑ Disco Floppy
☐ Anticuado
☐ Aceptable
☐ Grande
☐ el 10% de tu disco duro de 1TB
☐ un disco duro entero para guardarlo
☐ invertir en un agujero negro para almacenar todos los datos
-{ Dificultad }-
☐ Solo presiona 'W'
☐
☑ de aprender / de dominar
☐ Requiere uso significativo del cerebro
☐
☐ Dark Souls
-{ Farmeo }-
☐ Nada que farmear
☐ Solo si te importan los rankings/tablas de
☐ No es necesario para progresar
☑ Nivel promedio de farmeo
☐ Demasiado farmeo
☐ una segunda vida para farmear
-{ Historia }-
☐ Sin historia
☐ Algo de trasfondo
☐ Promedio
☑ Buena
☐ Encantadora
☐ tu vida
-{ del Juego }-
☐ Lo suficiente para una taza de
☐ Corto
☑ Promedio
☐ Largo
☐ Hasta el infinito y
-{ Precio }-
☐ gratis!
☑ Vale su precio
☐ Si en oferta
☐ Si te sobra algo de dinero
☐ No recomendado
☐ quemar tu dinero
-{ Errores }-
☐ Nunca hablar de ellos
☑ Errores menores
☐ Pueden llegar a ser molestos
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ El juego es un gran terrario de bugs
-{ ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☐ 9
☑ 10
this game has everything
scary monsters
breaking shit
funny proximity chat
robot muppets
ridiculous ragdoll physics
SCIENTIFICALLY ENGINEERED to be hilarious. 10/10.
really fun
gud
Chimba de juego. Los socios lo dejan a uno morir todo el tiempo, y se mecatean la platica en cositas. Morideros
i can't get over how funny we look. this game is funnn! especially with friends!
Games decent, monsters do way too much damage tho.
if chewing gum was a game. fun until the flavor runs out
Muy divertido, los cambios de voz con la con los items son unicos ademas la voz del chat de texto es divetido tambien, esta para divertirse y las muertes no son culpa de nadie. si hablas o haces ruido te detectan.
siempre sera 1000000 DE VECES MEJOR CON AMIGOS
YAY SO GOOD LOVE 10/10 GOOD YEAR
beasty
You will laugh, and you will laugh hard.
Me divierto y asusto al mismo tiempo
such a fun silly game tbh. if you want to smack your friends around HIGHLY reommend
y
Funny game to play with friends
nice game!
alabados sean los creadores de este maravilloso juego tan perfecto y bello <3
Very easy to pick up multiplayer experience with tons of character. The learning curve is subtle and genuinely enjoyable. Even losing in the game is extremely fun. Best $10 I've spent in years.
Kill monster, monster kills you.
Kill your friends, your friends kills you.
Pay rent and lose money. A game of beautiful and true art that describes self made capitalism perfectly. Government monsters trying to take your money, exactly like in real life, very realistic. Could recommend, 10/10.
procuro amigos pra jogar!
Woah
11/10 game its pretty funny and I like playing it with my friends and boyfriend!
Juego de los god
De verdad si vale la pena jugarlo, con amigos es mas divertido, tambien los enemigos son buenos y se puede pasar horas jugando esta cosa porque si come bastante tiempo los niveles si de verdad lo quieres pasar, puedes mejorarte como personaje que es lo mejor porque los enemigos si bajan bastante vida. Espero que en algun momento pueda ser multijugador para jugar con otras personas, asi seria mas exitoso el juego
divertido y me cague, recomedadisimo
massa
my friend bought it for me, and we have all been playing non stop! its fun, silly, and scary at all the right intervals!
Good
cute humorous and fun
ps ac1lu9
not really scary but exhilarating and very fun to play with your friends!
cute.
Esse jogo perfeito.
Muy god
gub game, i love getting kidnapped by an invisible man who has death causing pneumonia
Don't worry, its not even scary if you are laughing.
Once you get the hang of it, its so much fun to play, especially with friends! The visuals seem cute at first but hit the right amount of scary once you start focusing on collecting items and exploring. Definitely worth playing!
Very
Bao dimaize
it isn't a lethal clone, and it's already peak
This is a fun game that uses physics as well as stealth. Better with at least 5 players tho.
bully the monsters
me encanta
Cuando termino de jugar todo estresado y que sigo chambeando, me caga porque cuando me despierto mi progreso ;v
Love this game! This has quickly become my new hyperfixation.
Got killed by my friend then watched them cha cha slide under a bullet 10/10
Straight heat, for early access its very good.
;0
funny goty for sure
bom e divertido.
Fire Game
I mean, I wish I had more friends to play with. This game is fun, I enjoy screaming in fear! Hehehe, but overall no complaints.
robot go
"yeah im gonna collect loot watch my friends die and come back to life" like its a normal everyday thing
thats because it is
Great game, enjoyed dying because my friends suck at video games.
Fixed my erectile dysfunction
Very Peak Game with friends
"oh hi there"
*gunshot*
very fun game but I hate skullman
swiftbroom academy is the best
Overall best game ive ever played, for a good price as well :D. And let me tell you the last couple of days i had a lot of fun with some of my best friends in the game, It was hilliarious lol. But if you play on your own it gets difficult but also a lil scary in singleplayer mode.
Highly recommended if you wanna play a game w your friends where you can laugh your ass off then this is the perfect game for yall, (and no this isn't some bootleg lethal company so shut up refund your money then if u arent happy with what you got simple as that :D)
A door opened and my friend barely had time to say "wuh-" before getting obliterated by an old man.
muy divertido, para jugar en perfecto
Simples e divertido!
Lethal Company-like, works well even on low end PC's.
I recommend it if you play games with friends, it's really fun seeing your friends dying.
Holy smokes this game is a good time. I bought it with really low expectations and man i was so wrong this game is a ton of fun!
genial super funny
juegazooo
Amazing
Insanely fun, I love to blame my friends for objects I break or watching them get ripped to shreds by enemies.
Each run feels different, either you focus on being serious and getting upgrades, or experimenting with weapons and/or drones to try to kill enemies. Never felt more powerful than full on shooting a creature in the face with a gun or flinging small critters into the air because they're slightly hindering your progress.
Awesome game.
nao vale a pena gastar 1 centavo nesse jogo 30 reais pra 1 hora de gameplay fica chato e repetitivo n tem conteudo
absolute cinema
#1
Nice
fun
funnyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Belly laughing fun!
The gameplay?
Engaging
The horror?
Terrifying
The humor?
Amazing
This is leathal company, but, a lot more hilarious (not to say that leathal
I LIKE THIS GAME, BUT MY FRIENDS ARE ASSHOLES
Baum d mais compra
pos ta shidu
very fun to play with, but challenging and different maps to keep the game entertaining
Wellp, you got my 10 bucks. This game has no party finder or team builder. 2025 and you have to add people from your friends list after talking them into buying the dam game, ridiculous. And why are the graphics so terrible? Max settings and they still look like dog dook. Played for 10 min, now deleting.
such a good boy
TA WENITO, ponganle mods
Fun Game if you have friends
Funnnnn
funny game
Very fun to play with friends 9/10 def should buy.
Very scary game.
This game is fun, it has goofy mechanics, it makes some funnies, but oml the scaling is the worst part, its hard to get past even 2 days sometimes because the enemies and their attacks are way too strong. i want to play more but its difficult to due to how hard it is. its hard to out run enemies and even then it can be hard to properly hide, things are too easy to break at times and enemies can break too much stuff. if the scaling was better i would enjoy it more.
COMO BOM
So much fun with the friends :)
funny game go boom.
ts the best game ever fr
muito bom pra jogar com amigos!
Juegazo, las risas simplemente epicas
Es divertido con amigos aunque tedioso
r
good
Yes
If it had native ultra-wide support it would be perfect.
Pretty fun game, great with a full crew and the dev seems serious about it unlike some other devs of the 4u rry variety. (Pun intended). 10/10 no cap riz skibidi bo peep.
It's great fun, gameplay loop is good, easy to find new friends on the official discord. Also please change the emoji picture for the game on steam store.
Groot Game
boring
w
fun asf buy this
Tax man called me a slur and my friends threw me into danger.
10/10
i pooped
goty 2025
Almost pissed myself because my friends where messing with the hour glass for a sold 4 minutes then another 3 from looking at the clip after
10\10 for recommend!
massa
R.E.P.O deserves to be Game of the Year for several compelling reasons. First and foremost, its storytelling is captivating and innovative. The narrative seamlessly intertwines elements of suspense and emotional depth, drawing players into a richly crafted world that feels both immersive and relatable. The characters are well-developed, allowing players to form meaningful connections as they navigate their journeys.
In addition to its strong narrative, R.E.P.O boasts impressive graphics and art design. The visuals are stunning, with meticulously detailed environments that enhance the overall experience. The game's aesthetics are not only visually appealing but also contribute to the mood and atmosphere, making each scene memorable.
The gameplay mechanics are another highlight. R.E.P.O combines challenging puzzles and engaging combat, keeping players on their toes while providing a satisfying sense of accomplishment. The balance between exploration, strategy, and action ensures that never a dull moment, making it accessible to both casual and hardcore gamers alike.
Moreover, the game promotes themes of teamwork and moral choices, encouraging players to think critically about their decisions and the impact they have on the narrative's outcome. This added layer of depth fosters replayability and invites discussions among players about the choices they made.
Finally, the community surrounding R.E.P.O is vibrant and supportive, enhancing the overall experience. Whether it's through fan art, theories, or online discussions, the enthusiasm of its player base shows the wide-reaching impact.
All these elements combined make R.E.P.O a standout title in the gaming industry this year, warranting its recognition as Game of the Year.
I love this game, I love breaking stuff and getting my friends killed in the shop
jogo muito
Lethal Company and Gang Beasts dicking around in Luigi's Mansion.
buenisimo
Nice
ojala tengan mods pero desde steam
10/10
FART
BURP
absoluto cinema
a
com os amigos eh mt bom, so precisa melhorar a fisica dos itens
you can turn into the hawk tuah girl
DWDW
Funniest game ever, I love it!
Worth it very funny bit spooky with occasional jump scare
is fun, please for the love of god, change the picture
The blind one is kinda
fun as hell a must buy
Nach einer entspannten runde R.E.P.O wo mein Arsch von einem riesen kopf aufgegessen wurde, habe ich gemerkt das ich ein trauma entwickelt habe von riesen
good game, gooder with friends :D
I got killed because the gun guy walked into a room and my friend, who was crouching next to me, sneezed.
10/10
Just played it for the first time with a friend and had a blast! Can't wait to keep playing and see where this game goes in the future.
one of the best games out there for co-op, good job! Never thought it could be better than Lethal Company!
SI
funny asf w friends
balls
Not fun
Jogo do ano
super dope and fun
hopefully i get to enjoy this funny game without it dying in a few months!
but actually this game is worth the 10 bucks
SIDE EYE
Goty
jogao da peste, eu parei de jogar pq meu peito estava DOENDO de tanto rir
Honestly, getting into games like this was hard for me. After Lethal & some other horror games this one has to take the cake. Start up is easy and the levels can get pretty intense later on trying to fight against the monsters.
Funny moments or scary moments, this game will always make me crash but other than that scary moments are funny and this game is overall awesome 10/10 would recommend but they need to make it so it crashes less
i saw all of my friends die in front of me but i am a good soldier and good soldiers follow orders
This is a blast just go grab it if you have some friends willing to join you. So damn good.
would recommend, I've only played about 5 hours but I'm about to play for 2 more
TA WENO
Game is slow, and nothing like the clips going around on insta. Gets boring after 30min and if you die youre waiting for 20-30 minutes for your team to get quota. 3/10 game at best and not worth more than $2
Fun to play with friends
Very fun and thoroughly designed, especially for a game in early access
step 1. gather stuff
step 2. die
step 3. PROFIT!
I love this game it is really fun to play with your friends!
Good in all categories
[i]Lethal Company[/i] but good
Esta chido,
THAT BIRD THAT I HATE
Love this game. would love to see controller accessibility. great to play with friends.
Absolutely the best co-op horror out there, better than that mid ahh lethal company
Very Fun, BETTER than Lethal Company. It's hilarious sometimes, and has cool unique elements and entities. A few tweaks would be nice, like how easy some things are damaged when you don't hit it that hard, or at all. But it's still pretty new and with its popularity I hope that they'll add some new features.
It is a lot of fun, especially when playing with others. 10/10 would recommend this game to anyone looking for a scary game that also has comedic elements. The character design is cute and funny.
most boring game ever 0 unique content just grab some chalice or whatever other valuable object and then die and sit there alone in the dead chat while you watch your friends play for half an hour and then beat the level and get some tiny upgrade and then do it all over again bla bla bla boooooorrrringggg
Lethal Company
Was carrying a friend's head all sneaky like. Bomb skull ran up to me. Put friend's head down and tossed bomb skull away. Giant laser monster beamed bomb skull mid air. Bomb skull explodes and kills me.
10/10, perhaps the funniest ending to a run I've experienced yet.
mano esses jogo eh muito bom
Very fun and scary at the same time
Had a lot of funny moments when I was playing this game with friends!
ta weno
its a good game
old arkansas redneck with shotgun shot my friend, would recommend.
10/10
1,000,000% times better then overwatch
god
cool game you should waste ur life savings on it
recontra piola muy recomendado me parece un juego uno de los mejorcitos ehh?
pero sobre todo tienes que jugarlo con amigos por que si juegas solo casi que no le entras a la honda si?
☑ Hermoso
☑ Bueno
☑ Decente.
Great with friends.
Excelente juegoooo
Great time with the fellas!
Scary without being scary. Good silly fun with friends!
gud
fantastic game!
REPO
Buy friends before buying this game
ta bueno
Really fun with friends and lots of potential!
Just watched my friend get packed out by the old man for not changing his battery on his smoke alarm. 10/10
This game is some of the most fun you'll ever have when with some friends but one of the scariest games when playing alone.
great game.idk what makes the devs were thinking making the logo and banner an emoji i first though it was a scam or abandonware game. is great tho
friend A tried to trick friend B into getting flushed
friend B smacked A with a stall door, causing them to fall over
We flushed friend A >:)
Massa
i am the KING of losers
funny little game about grabbing and extracting items for the taxman while also dodging enemys from the annoying to the deadly, good game would gamer again
:(
yes
funny, funny
jogo mt bom, procuro guerreiros fortemente treinados para jogar, quem estiver disposto, chama ai nos comentarios
Always fun with friends! Love the characters mostly due to, we look like nut crackers with our mouths opening.
I love killing my friends
It's like Lethal Company but actually fun to play. 9/10
good game
great
Muy bueno se pueden golpear nenes (el monstruo)
Its fun
Dudes and Dudettes, welcome to Canadian Lethal Company
fun.
C'est basiquement Lethal Company mais avec des et plus de bonnes mises en commun, alors comme pas mal de jeux dans le meme genre, manque un peu de contenu et de trucs faire, mais le jeu est super fun et se voit qu'il a une certaine attention au
No soy gay pero soy peruano y tengo una fantasia donde invade chile y chile tiene que exportar esclavos femboys para satisfacer oficiales peruanos de alto rango. me imagino que soy un comandante poderoso alto, con una mandibula cuadrada y con musculos masivos.Mi femboy es un chileno timido con piel palida que viene a mi habitacion. Lo agarro con mis poderosos brazos y lo beso a la fuerza, presionando su pecho contra el mio. lo tiro contra la cama con mis grandes brazos quitandole sus calzones le muestro mi masivo mastodonte peruano, y despues se la meto con todo, follandolo con una fuerza inhumana. cada movimiento lo hace gemir, y finalrnente me corro en su culito chileno, dejando el semen corriendole por sus nalgas, y despues lo abrazo con mis grandes y fuertes brazos peruanos haciendolo dormir en mi pecho. algun otro hetero tiene este tipo de fantasias?
me adiciona ai galera pra jogar, preciso de uma tropa top do balacobaco
I haven't played a single hour without crying from laughing
really fun gameplay loop but a lot of the monsters are silent in this version of the game so it makes it very annoying to die to the same creatures over and over simply because we didnt know they were around. Having a silly game after your team dies makes it feel not as bad when you lose everything :)
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
this game is fun to play with friends.
funny robots
Very fun, if you like games like lethal company this game is definetly up your alley
PLSSSSS MAKE IT VR COMPATIBLE
lethal company if the gameplay was good
i love it when the monsters touch me im simp fro mosnter
i played for 1 minute, i think it good. Yeah
good
Funny
i personally like it, but it gets repetitive after you play for a long time. decent 8 to light 9 on this baby.
Silly horror game where you're a puppet-machine, and your boss uses emojis to talk to you on a monitor. 10/10
sublime
dope
+
10 10
funny and fun
Erste Session: 5 Stunden
Die erste Stunde bestand fast nur aus Lachen der Humor hat direkt und einen Einstieg gesorgt. Doch leider war diese Anfangseuphorie nicht von Dauer. Schon nach kurzer Zeit begann sich das Gameplay stark zu wiederholen. Die Mechaniken sich aktuell recht an, und es fehlt etwas an Abwechslung, um langfristig zu motivieren.
Trotzdem ich das Spiel weiterempfehlen! Es hat definitiv Potenzial, und ich bin zuversichtlich, dass in Updates noch einiges nachgelegt wird sei es durch neue Inhalte oder mehr spielerische Tiefe. Wer an Witzigen-Horror-Koop-Spielen hat und sich nicht an etwas repetitivem Gameplay kommt hier auf jeden Fall auf seine kosten!
great game to just mess around with ur friends, and its really funny
Terrifying in singleplayer and well balanced in multiplayer. Absolute masterpiece of a game and definitely deserves the attention it's getting.
Muito bom pra jogar com os amigos! DEI RISADA PRA CARALHO
I killed my friends with a sledgehammer
IT IS FUN
entretenido
As someone who kind of bounced off Lethal Company, I really recommend this game for the immense amount of fun it provides. The monsters are all phenomenal and the physics engine amps up the hilarity and strategy. Also, being able to bring a shopping cart around is perfect.
Very excited to see what else comes out from this.
la mejor copia del lethal company o la version definitiva si no tenes un grupito de amigos capaz es mejor que salgas de casa y los consigas gordo de mrd
pegue o pato
Jogasso da porra, mas com todo respeito, 3 ALIENS no PRIMEIRO LEVEL sacanagem - _ -
cegueta KKKKKKKKKKKJJJJJJJK (a doze dele uma sniper subestime-o)
Odeio patos
10/10
Melhor jogo da vida. assustador jogar sozinho, mas com amigos tem vez. Vale cada centavo!
Trolley bashing through people with the hard R is very fun
fantastic, fun
I hate that fucking duck
mega funny
soooooooooo freaking funny bro
good game
very charming. very diverse. well executed. could have better stamina though
VERY SCARYZ GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
this game game is good
the game fr chill if you just looking to play sum yk
funny
In my first game I ended up getting lost and while lost I found a duck I touched it and was KILLED my friends never found my body.
PEAK GAME THO
El que se pueda jugar con personas ramdom en cualquier servidor lo compro de nuevo, o cuando mis amigos lo compren xd
fun funny
Me like game. Game is fun. Me must play game. You play game.
jogo insano, rende clipes muito bons, leve, roda em qualquer pc, e percebe o ruins seus amigos realmente em video-games.
goty
Great spooky game. Ugly ass emoji for your logo. could literally change it to the cute robots and itd be 100x better
eNDLESS FUN WITH HORRIBLE FRIENDS
Fun game, got scared, shit my pants, laughed because i did something completely retarded. 10/10
i love this game, its so fun too play with friends!
fun with friends
Literally perfect
joguin bom du karaio ^-^
Make shotguns a bit cheap pls
very fun and even more fun with friends :)
Gutes Spiel mit Freunden! Mega witzig!
good <3
Es un juego muy divertido para jugar con amigos 10/10
So fica caindo essa merda
gastei dinheiro atoa
i wish they would let me joyn random lobyes but its still a pretty good gaame
goated. enough said
Muy bueno
THIS GAME FUN WITH FRIENDS!
Most fun I've had in a co-op game in a long time. Definitely still are bugs but its a new game so that's expected give the team some grace.
THIS IS NOW MY FAVORITE GAME!
NO MATTER IF YOU DON'T LIKE HORROR GAMES I'M TELLING YOU, YOU GOTTA PLAY THIS WITH YOUR BUDDY'S.
Do you like Lethal Company? Are you ready to sell your soul to the tax man instead of a company and become self-employed? Do you like your friends, and trolling them? If yes, then look no further than this fever dream of a game that has improved stealth over Lethal Company.
And yes, you can pick up your friend after they tumble. It's as humorous as you'd expect.
Amazing game. Lethal company, except much better. Tons of funny moments, and spooky enough to provide a bit of a thrill as well. It is a MUST PLAY with friends. If you don't buy this, you are missing out, BIG TIME.
threw my friend across the room at my husband. 10/10
so fun
harika oyun ama ses gidiyor bir nedenden
much cash, very money. approved!
:)
Daora
Day 1 It Begins
I can't believe this is happening. been sent to a place that feels like it's straight out of a nightmare. My team and I arrived here a few hours ago. The mission seemed simple enough: collect the valuable objects scattered across the building and bring them back for extraction. But the moment we stepped in, I knew things going to be easy.
this weird tool been given that lets us levitate things. I thought it would be cool at floating stuff around, right? But no, the pressure of getting it right overwhelming. One wrong move, and we risk breaking the object or something much worse. I can feel my hands shaking whenever I try to pick something up. like the pressure gets to me, and every time something falls, I hear that horrifying crash. The monsters here are unforgiving, and sure they know when we mess up.
I just heard a noise down the hall. Damn it, not going to make it. I need to focus.
Day 2 The Monsters
had a few close calls. One of the guys, Alex, dropped an object in a panic, and the noise attracted one of those kind of tall, slim creature that slinks around in the shadows. never seen anything move like that. We barely got away. I could feel its eyes on me.
The worst part? We fight back. We can only run. I even know how we're supposed to defend ourselves. relying entirely on our ability to get in and out without being noticed. We have to stay silent, move quickly, and avoid any big mistakes.
I caught a glimpse of something else earlier. A creature with huge, glowing eyes waiting for us in a corner. My heart was in my throat. I barely even breathed as we sneaked past it. But we even stay on we tried to grab the artifact we were sent for, it slipped out of my hands. The sound it made when it hit the floor echoed in the silence, and that was enough to set off alarms. We barely made it out of there.
Day 3 The Chaos
I know how much longer I can keep this up. starting to see things out of the corner of my eyes, hearing whispers when no around. sure not the only one. The others are getting jumpy, too. all getting tired. We even come close to finishing our objectives. like every step we take forward, pushed two steps back.
a sense of dread hanging over everything. not just scared of the monsters anymore. scared of the entire situation. The feeling of being trapped, of knowing that if I mess up, it could all be over.
Just a minute ago, I thought I heard someone scream in the distance. I want to I was imagining it. Maybe not.
Day 4 Lost
I lost track of time. I know how long been here anymore. My teammates look just as worn out as I feel. moving slower now, making more mistakes.
Earlier, we got separated. I was stuck alone for what felt like hours, trying to retrieve a piece of equipment while the others ran off to get something. when I saw it. One of those damn creatures, standing perfectly still in a hallway, almost blending into the walls. I could feel it watching me.
When the others came back, we had to run, and we barely got out in one piece. not even sure if we can keep going. The farther away than I remember. I just keep hearing the sound of my breathing getting louder. This place is suffocating.
I go on like this. But I think we have a choice.
Day 5 Got to Finish This
I thought today would be different, but just getting worse. The monsters even the worst part anymore. The worst part is the creeping realization that we may never get out.
We're almost there though, almost done. But off. One of the guys, Ben, just went missing. We split up to cover more ground, but when I called out to him, he answer. I checked his last known location, and there was nothing there.
I even know if I want to find him. I don't want to think about what's happened to him. losing people.
Later, I found him. I known. Ben and Alex. they were holding hands. Not out of fear. Out of love. They stand a chance. They try to run. The creature took them both, but they died together, holding onto each other, just like always promised. I know if the most tragic thing ever seen or the most beautiful. Either way, hard to keep going after that.
We have to finish this. I know if we will. I know if make it out of here. But if I do, I swear get those artifacts. For Ben, for Alex. and for myself.
yes
the game is so funy
Jogo de terror perfeito para jogar com amigos, com muito suspense e ele mistura sustos inesperados com desafios que fazem a cada momento parecer mais intenso. O mais legal como a entre os amigos torna a ainda mais divertida.
Entro no jogo / pego itens/ abro uma porta / levo um tiro de um velho / fecho o jogo /
10/10
change the logo
This game is a lot of fun to play with friends.
Though it is a horror game I do not find it to be very scary, on a similar scare level to phasmophobia.
This game can lead to a lot of funny moments.
It is not very hard to learn or understand.
I wasnt sure if this game would be super good cause its one of the lethal style games and tbh im not a huge lethal company fan-but omg this game is so fun and goofy! There are some genuinely spooky moments sometimes but the laughs you get with friends in this game are irreplaceable! It is so soooo much fun and actually a game that is enjoyable with as little as 2 people :) LOVE IT and even have considered playing it solo just cause it's a little addicting hehe
This game is so epic sauce
Average hiring movers off craigslist simulator.
UAHHHHHHHHHHHH
Waterboarded my friends in a toilet
10/10
great game w friends
like it
"Oh boy, I can't waits to turns in my loot!"
I saids, before the evil loot throwing infant of doom showed up.
goofy time with friends or tryharding alone. good game in the lethal-like genre
best game ever
GOD
hammermega ultra syx
jogo muito bom, resenha demais
weenie hut juniorr
muy dinamico entretenido y ligero que mas se puede pedir
hilarious.
I got obliterated
Amazing game. One of the funniest things i've ever played.
my scroll broke. mines are cool.
If you like fun co-op games like Lethal Company, you'll probably like this. Play with people you know, otherwise you'll probably hate how easy it is to troll. Already has some great mods for it even.
it's kind of like lethal company but straight to the point
tis the shit
Muchisimas risas, recomendado si tienes amigos. Si no tienes amigos, puede irse a youtube amarillo c:
juegar2
i kept getting killed and there was gnomes and i was so confused but there was also a magic staff and a sledge hammer and other weapons and i was amazing and i dont know 10/10 would be gifted again
I love being a reepist
Makes your gyatt quiver
peak
This game is all hype right now and WELL worth it. they are working on public servers right now and I am SO excited for that. This game is a blast and I look forward to playing it more. HIGHLY recommend and the developers actually care about community feedback and DO listen. 10/10
For a indie game, this is actually a really good game.
great game but please allow the TTS to come from dead players heads so they have something to do when they die early in the game.
good game
super funny
change that god awful emoji
No debimos llamar a dios.
Monto F Ya, por favor!
TOO FUN I DIDN'T LAUGH SO MUCH, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT
this game is to fun with my friends
Very spoopy
I didn't think it was possible, but all the butt clenching this game caused in single player caused me to get constipated. 10/10
Have "John Pork is calling you" at the ready
quack
It's super hilarious, especially with friends! The little robot characters are to die for and the game play is incredibly entertaining
friend started playing "Taps" after i was obliterated by a lazerbeam 10/10 highly recommend
the game was extremely laggy for no reason with my friends and kicked us out no matter who host
atarak, ise otistik ailevi 10/10.
the tts has no filter
Fun
la verdad este juego esta a nivel de lethal company espero que pueda arreglar los servidores para que ya no mas hackers
(lo recomiendo demasiado con amigos) a y una cosa mas el soporte con steam mod.
The truth is, this game is at the level of Lethal Company. I hope they can fix the servers so there are no more hackers.
(I highly recommend it to friends.) And one more thing, they could add support for Steam Mods.
i like caves
FInanzamt with friends
probably the most fun i've had playing a game with friends in years 11/10 you won't regret it
yea
yes
This is the most fun game out of the retrieve items for quota horror games
FUN AHH GAME
que miedo, te cagas de la risa con amigos, tiene buenos mods que mejoran la experiencia.
Falta que haya lobbys publicos, pero en general esta super divertido, ojala le sigan poniendo contenido
Reet Gud
gooda game
incredible
goooood
yES
Super fun to play both singleplayer and with friends, the best way I can describe it is lethal company but with wackier mechanics!
cool game
My friends threw me at the headman as a sacrifice 11/10 would get sacrificed again.
also one friend wouldnt shut up when blind guy was near and other friend was telling friend to shut up and got shot like a dramatic movie scene. 13/10, would become a movie star again.
i really think this game hit the need i wanted with content warning X lethal company with the comedy and horror mix
thing only thing you need to know about this game is yes. buy it
Great if you're looking for a game to play with friends or family, great graphics, funny scary and just plane FUN!
absolutely LOVE this game! Its co-op team work survival type game play is amazing! Can't wait for future updates!
absolute 10/10 game, however Devs please please make the invisable guy somewhat more obvious haha. ive been battered around the map 5 times in one single game just i can not for the life of me tell where he is
amazing
Super fun games, highly recommend
super fun game. only glitches ive run into is when you jump from up high and press q you fall through the map and die, needs fixing, also lobbys need a kick button. everything else is fun
great game for the laugh with friends
yes
pretty sick
Amigos, terror y mucho humor: una insuperable. Por menos de este juego te va a dar muchas horas de de las que imaginas. Empiezas una partida a las 21h y, sin darte cuenta, ya son las 2 de la madrugada.
Haceos un favor y probadlo.
Battle royale in the shop is what this game is meant for
No 4:3 Support
R.E.P.O um excelente jogo para curtir com os amigos! A em equipe realmente eleva a e a Se costuma jogar sozinho, pode acabar perdendo uma das melhores partes desse game: a e a coletiva.
this game is like content warning and L company with some different things
Um jogo multiplayer com bastante e com possibilidades de muito promissoras!
bom, horas de garantida, e ainda fizeram algo que muitos devs nem se lembram que existe:
Para mim, caso tenha possibilidade, existe motivos para comprar R.E.P.O. Simplesmente um dos melhores jogos para se divertir com os amigos na atualidade!
(P.S.: Obrigado por me mandar de presente, LunaMyria <3)
this game showcases what its like to be a business major
In comparison to Lethal Company, the game is a lot more goofy and easy to pick up. Simple controls and simple goals. The game has a singleplayer mode but doesn't have the same feel as when you are playing with others, a LOT more scarier alone.
Good game to play with friends but don't fuck it up
Exciting game with a lot of fun and tryharding, love that so much. This game is so easy but in at the same time hard af xD
La verdadera esencia de no laburar y joder a tus con audios.
el diavlo, si
Sustos divertidos, e queria saber, tem fim?
My friends assaulted me 10/10
love it
the best and most retard game ive ever played
Super jeu fun
Buen juego, mejor persona
lethal company if it had more things in it and better movement and was more fun
Worth the money incredibly fun and hilarious PLEASE BUY THIS GEM!
gets in the game,
friend runs ahead,
hears gun shot,
friend is dead,
blind ass guy shot him,
revive him,
blind ass guy kills him again right after,
12/10 would watch a blind guy kill my friend again
GOOD GAME!
what better enemy than your own friends? 10/10 game
This game is so fun. The ideal group is around 3-4, less is really difficult and more is chaos. I would like to see more maps as there are only 3 (manor, lab type and wizarding academy)
honestly a really fun game. Mechanics are super easy and friendly fire is hilarious.
Parchao
live in terror
its lethal company and content warning if they had hot steamy shrex and a baby popped out
game fun. i like. it good.
funny shit
uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
must play
no inverted controls will change once available
10
Very Well put together game for a more than reasonable price some of the most fun I have had in recent experiences, enough so to actually leave a review. Wide variety of equipment, enemies, and loot, breakable environments & Developers who listen to their community. Amazing Game!
No resolution settings
I was laughing uncontrollably the entire time because of what me and my friends were doing. This is peak and you can't change my mind.
Good game and looks like it will be good for a while. However, the main issue that is keeping it from being super fun are the monsters. They feel the same in a lot of ways and their weaknesses are not super clear, it feels there is no good work around to them. The monsters are the main aspect holding the game back I feel, sure you can improve other aspects and tweak them a bit. But as I play casual with friends the monsters are frusturating. If you compare it to lethal company the monsters serve their purpose while also each having unique functions and weaknesses that allows for different gameplay from the player. They all also interact with each other or the envirment which also makes them interesting. Comparatively most monsters all have the same function while some, such as dwarfs, are unique and interact differently. Others like the head, clown, etc. while seeming different they all serve to kill in a basic manner. They all don't have a clear weakness or cool interaction. After playing this yes i think the game is good, yes would probably recomend, but the game is good, not great and can improve in many aspects still. Especially monsters.
so funnyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Overrated game, don't get the appeal of it at all. WOMP WOMP oh well just expect it to be dead just like any disposable "Multiplayer" game these days.
breaking things is my passion
funny
:)
JEU FUN AVEC CES AMIS MDR JE VOUS LE RECOMMANDE
- 6\10
- 12\10
very funny
chave dms, pena que amigos jogam
fun game
Great game, good gameplay and hilarious concept. Would like it if there were multiplayer lobbies or for more maps, but that'll all come with time, so no complaints
i love chickens eddy
funny asf
If you feel the need to cheat in this game, you REALLY need to get a life.
fun game
Spawn camped by a giant floating head which resulted in my death. 10/10
yes
I flushed my friend in toilet and he exploded.
This is literally one of the funniest games I've played ever.
I WILL say though, that the icon/thumbnail of the game did not give me great first impression but good god is there a gem here!
LE JEU ET INCROYABLE VIVEMENT DES NOUVELLE MAJ
hell yea
zajebiste
lethal company if it was fun
its fun and stuff and its funny i like it and yoou can pick shit up
I never thought laughing so hard till I can't breathe while simultaneously being scared was such an exhilarating combo with friends. Yes, get it for a great time.
got touched by a duck
genuinely my favourite game i've played in the last few years. I look forward to playing this with my friends every day!
incredibly fun to play with friends. just wish you could find randoms to play with easier
game
This game is funny with friends, and I rather go with friends.
Velho da 12 o memo
It's a really fun game to play with friends, there's still some issues that could use some working out (like sometimes the game bugged out when we were submitting stuff to fulfill the extraction and it took our stuff/our friend's head) and we lost out on the fulfillment, but that's only happened a couple of times. Overall, very fun.
amazing
Tudo nesse jogo o problema mesmo os seus amigos.
Better then Lethal Company
very funny and hilarious game
Pretty fun
skibidi
poggers
fucking hilarious
fun
Great funny crazy!
incredibly entertaining and funny with other people! fuck the robe though
Fun game, great to play with friends, had a blast!
baby duck didnt want hugs
Masterpiece, yes I said it.
spawn get yelled at, grab stuff, spontainiusly explode, I come back, I see cute duck, I pick up duck, duck turned into a eldrich horror and bit me down to hell, repeat
better than the banner implies, one of the more fun co-op horror games
mais quel banger ce jeu, c'est mourir de rire
Your robot will say the N-word
This game is HEAT
Excellent game, horror elements with some comedic moments mixed in
Ta bueno
invisible pervert, leave me alone!
Masterpiece made by a small engaging team.
This Game is really great i had a lot of fun with my Friends. 10/10 recomend. Just one Thing if the Developers read this. When you are in the Tutorial and accept an ivite through steam, you have the Tutorial Tasks Overlay in the Game. You cant see how much Money you need for the next Extraction. Even when you Complete the Tasks it stays stuck thhrough all rounds. It lasted Only the Game, in wich i accepted the invite whilst in the Tutorial. Still a Super Fun to play Game.
I really wish that ending fight was a separate mode really good just like the rest of the game I would be surprised if this get game of the year for 2025 very great good game.
its a fun game to play with friends
XD
very fun and silly game but also sweatable
peak
total flippant Je recommande a 100% avec votre bande de pote 20/20
g
Mano, foram 32 reais. 32 reais mais bem gastos! Caralho, jogar isso com amigos foi incrivel! Eu nunca ri tanto na minha vida. E gerou muito conteudo kkkkkkkkkk RECOMENDO pra carlaho
MUY BUEN JUEGO ME ENCANTO ESTA BUENISIMO ME QUE TODOS LOS DIAS PUEDA JUGARLO CON MIS AMIGOS LOS QUIERO MUCHISIMO GRACIAS POR CREARLO
One of the funniest co-op games i ever played with friends 10$ is nothing compare to the fun and laugh you will get + you can yell at mic and troublemake everyone 11/10!
BEST GAME EVER
Jogo leve e muito bom, vale cada centavo! Recomendo vc ter amigos, mas caso tenha assim como eu; Manda add na steam ai e a gente joga. XD
You shoudn't have done that!
Conozco puro autista
eskeeetititt
GOOD GAME TAXMAN
This game is hella fun i like it really good design of characters they are funny game is not easy but not hard it is made to have fun and the fun will last for a god amount of hours.Recommend buying it.
good
Very fun and adorable game, especially with the side eye mechanics. Good game loop and upgrades, best with friends :)
ES UN 10/10
INCROYABLEMENT DROLE
dxesxdr
its a really good game if you have friends to play with but i think they need to add like a server browser you know so like you can join seperate games so you dont have to just play with you friends
should add public lobbies for those who don't have anyone to play with but it's a great game overall
gut
MANEIRO A CAGAR
top ding
Extremadamente divertido con amigos, solo no lo eh jugado pero eh, aunque seas tu y tu pana nada mas, se lo pasaran bien
6
i REALLY dont like the duck
Totally worth it. Super fun with friends. It's a must!
juego del orto el repo es una chota y me chupa lapija
The duck is anoying
ok
fuck u fonzie
Honestly one of the most fun games I have ever played, goofy eye's goofy stuff with friends, the levels are different each time even if its the same map. Game has a way of keeping you guessing but also being incredibly fun and silly at the same time.
Even better with friends, Dev's clearly knew what they were doing and has a cheap price tag attached.
Overall: A cheap and goofy game that has limitless fun with friends. The trailer attached to the steampage for this game is a accurate representation of how chaotic and fun the game will be for you.
Very fun game with friends. If you play alone you will shit your pants!
great game to play with friends
funE
Have nothing to say, guys. Just try it, you won't regret
Fantastic
Amazingly fun! I really like this game! It's great to play with friends, and mess around.
amazing foundation and game idea but compared to lethal company and content warning this doesn't feel scary, doesn't surprise me or catch me off guard, the enemies dont feel threatening enough, the enemy density is extremely low being like 1 or 2 enemies per map, not enough traps, not enough intractables.
this game is like a tomahawk steak that has been boiled. amazing idea with horrific execution
Esta muy gracioso, 100% recomendado, si le das una oportunidad te vas a reir muchisimo
Such a funny hilarious game to play with friends. The horror aspect of it mixed with the funny aspects of the game itself makes for unforgettable moments with friends!
i like the hour glass that slows down your voice, very funny for no reasons
he sacado muchos clips divertidos en este juego, me gusta mucho por que las risas nunca faltan
Este juego me hizo sentir como un de 5 en mudanza.
Pretty good ngl this game is VERY funny with friends
Great game! The fact that it is still extremely fun with just only 2 players tells you lots. Its 100% worth the money and it is ten times better than lethal company
extraordinaire avec des potes
Fun with friends!
I love R.E.P.O
10 10
PUEDO SER EL LOGO DE ANDROID Y HACER SIDE EYE GOTY
R.E.P.O.
BIP BIP ARDUINO BIP BIP
A ton of fun with a group of 4 or more. Don't take it seriously, it is what it is. (in the best way possible)
lethal company but silly robots and u can go boom boom and tk
Docela gameska
bom
je pense qu'on est tous d'accord pour dire que ce jeu est une masterclass
Tamar Braxton - Let Me Know (Official Video) ft. Future simulator
goofy ahhh game
[]
game is fun, worth the money
Jogo muito educativo
Got slimed by Minos Grande
10 10
W game W devs ngl
pq si
the year of the game
Love it, with friends this game is fucking funny
ye
Juegazo en todos los sentidos divertido con un toque de dificultad en determinados niveles Se culea de parado a lethal company. Recomendado jugar con minimo dos amigos Vi que le agregando modificaciones a los personajes nuevos elementos y nuevos enemigos!
I can throw my gf in a huge ass pit, 10/10.
get on the game
immediately get eaten by a giant head
throw my friend off a cliff
start new game
get jumped by a hoarde of gnomes
2 health
throw gnome in fire
throw my friend at giant red monster
giant red monster grabs me
we both die
i am king
100/10 would play again
jarvan cocxali xar?
6
RE BUENO EL JUAGO
saw my cousin get his head blown off by a blind guy with a gun 10/10 would recommend
The "funny" part gets boring very quickly. The game is incredibly slow paced. You are as fast as a snail and stamina regenerates super slow. If you die you get to wait for an eternity before someone can revive you. Healing feels like a waste cause so many things will just one shot you.
Like imagine spectating your friend that is waiting under a bed for a giant snail to leave the room and it will explode if it see anyone. That is the thrilling experience you will have.
as someone who has 200 hours in lethal company I love how this game perfects proxy chat horror. Absolute 10/10
10/10! you'll have a laugh playing with friends for sure! :D
BEST FKING CO-OP I HAVE EVER PLAYEEEDD!
dsadasd
jaja petasse
tek petasse (surtout lui la cette grosse pute ptn de merde mais bannez le moi)
soni petasse
je t'aime vincent.
Gostosaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Good Game. Wish I could Adjust Menu Button Click Volume To Make It Louder,
funny haha
really good game and fun af
la vieja de la escopeta
I was gifted this by my brother since pay day was short so we could play together. It is like lethal company but sooo much better. The mechanics of the game are easy and simple yet hard to get control over. Dropping items and making them loose their value is all part of the game. I just wish the weapons were easier.
Really good.
Foarte fain jocul.
musste selber wissen, macht aber spass
Este juego es perfecto, es como si juntas Lethal Company con la sustancia "cocai*a", se siente a pesar de que siento que es como jugar un juego dentro del metro de Barcelona, ya que no te paran de aparecer nuevos bichos como esos que van a 4, es como cuando te encuentras un rumano por me gusta porque puedo gritar "ME GUSTAN LOS M-DUROS" mientras me inmolo como buen sin que amigo sospeche que soy gay (tristemente, tengo esto lo digo para que steam no me censure, por lo tanto, soy hetero). En definitiva, es como visitar Bielorrusia o Ucrania en tiempos modernos. 10/10
Do you want a game where you can work with your friends? Do you want to stare at your friends' heads on the ground hiding, casually make eye contact with the survivor in the fridge, and try not to laugh so you do not meet your demise? Because that is exactly what will happen. Will friendships be tested over damaging expensive items? Yes. Will you be able to bond through a fight-or-flight response, working out well for you all together afterward? Yes. Will the most fun of your days after a harsh 0-5 be achieved? Yes. 10/10 would accidentally get killed by my friends again.
epepeepepepepepepepeepepepeeppe say my name
I LIKED EVERYTHING! ESPECIALY THE TEXT CHAT OH SWEET VODKA! THIS GAME IS VERY FUN if u have friends with energy ITS THE BESTTTTT
i frogor
R.E.P.O is truly scary beyond anything I've takes the best parts of Lethal Company, Content Warning, and Phasmophobia and cranks up the horror factor to insane levels. The atmosphere is unsettling, the tension never lets up, and every run keeps you on edge. fun, simple, yet incredibly creepy, making for a perfect co-op horror experience.
If you're a horror fan, this is a MUST-PLAY. 100% recommend.
>Download game
>load in with friends
>make noise when shotgun man is near
>friend dies
10/10 game would sabotage my friend again
Esta muy bueno pero le falta mods
Un jeu que je recommande 100% de la peur, du rire, entre amis rien de mieux.
Un lethal company en un peu mieux avec des maj drole avec des pote le plus gros fou rire de ma vie est sur ce jeu en que les devs s'investissent sur le long terme
brutally beaten an child to death.
10/10 would do it again!
peak
Absolutely loved playing this & hope to play more. Fantastic price point that's easy for everyone to get into, tons of unique content & very satisfying game play.
This game is another one of those, you land, find loot, don't die & escape. But it does it in its own way & it does it really well, it feels very polished, silly & fair.
The character models, animations & attention to detail with things like the silly text-to-speech add so much to the humour, even though it's a horror game. A lot of the other games constantly push through ambient spooky background noise to make things tense, but this game doesn't do that & I greatly appreciate it. It feels more like an amusement park scary ride, where everyone is actually having fun even if it's a little scary at times.
The shop is great, you can try out the things in the store to see how they operate & the upgrades feel really useful. When I was playing people questioned what the end-goal was, which i'm unsure if there is anything at the moment, e.g. other games get you to pay to go to higher value locations. But each run feels fresh enough to get many many hours & is so worth it at the asking price.
A few recommendations from me:
- I would love to see a mute keybind, so that you can keep an open mic but if you need to mute shortly then you can. Otherwise I have to go through the menu to change to push-to-talk every time I need to mute for a little while.
- I also found the menu options for the swaying & similar things a bit confusing, wasn't sure if I needed to max them out or lower them as I couldn't quite tell from a quick look.
- I hate the banner face & the fact that it's on the favicon for the game, please please change this as it's disturbing to me & a lot of people I've spoken to. For people that want to change it, right click the icon & go to properties, there should be a change icon button in the web document tab.
Straight tomfoolery right here
The game is super funny and is great with friends
1
Muy divertido y si te dan miedo los bichos que corren tela, te cagas vivo.
Absolute Chaos in the Best Way Possible!
R.E.P.O is hands down one of the funniest co-op multiplayer games played in a long time. From the moment you load in, the game throws you into pure mayhem, and it only gets better with friends.
The proximity chat is absolutely adds so much to the experience. Hearing your friends scream as they struggle to waddle across the map or fumble an objective makes every session a hilarious mess. The movement is intentionally sluggish, and instead of being frustrating, it makes every single action ten times funnier. constantly tripping over things, bumping into teammates, and failing in the most ridiculous ways, which leads to non-stop laughter.
And the best part? The game is only $13 CAD, which is an absolute steal for the amount of fun have. If looking for a chaotic, laugh-out-loud multiplayer experience, R.E.P.O is 100% worth it. Grab some friends, hop in voice chat, and prepare for absolute madness!
best game for co op scary games, if you like company and content warning you will love this
10 10
I love the game but the devs have a strong feeling against piracy and I don't like that
Its fun but I hate the duck
So much fun with friends! endless comedy and content to make.
fun as hell
game is great but there are a few pros and cons
PROS-
good mechanics
good content
good gameplay in general i havn't really got off of it i just wanna keep playing
CONS-
very few minor bugs
cant get to like a second room without a monster now is it the game or skill issue no clue but makes it a little harder
I need friends to play with :(
grate
si
laughing emoji
10/10
this game is really fun playing with friends but i wish it was on console so i could play with my friends cause all my friends play on xbox :,) but 10/10 defos play
Oyun hele salak varsa bir oyun kesinlikle her
skibidi
funny
Me que se pudiera bajar los FPS a 30
Goty
Geiles witzig Game. Bitte mehr von solchen spielen :)
Great for creating those unhinged moments, so make sure you are recording <3
-be me
-try out new game called R.E.P.O
-try to invite friends
-they cant
-try singleplayer
-suck at it
-wish for public servers
que jogo bom
i cant play with anybody on here (im very sad)
lethal but BETTER
Ai ze da manga
I BE GOONING TO THE CRAZY DOLL
Played this game for a bit, at first it was fun but as I kept on I just non stop had to search the whole map over and over and over again to find my last 20 dollars mission just to open a door and go face to face with a NUN, lost my last 2 hours just to not even complete this stupid level. hatred is cooling out of me
Muito fodinha de jogar com amigos
e gritar com os outros
Amo resenha
ve ilk kez birlikte bir TTEN
good!
My friend loud scream. I looked around, but he was Turns out, he got eaten by a giant baby.
I tried to fight the giant baby by throwing random expensive items at it, but it impact.
I came to two conclusions:
Financial power and market monopoly are no longer effective
or Babies have no idea what money is.
By the way, homeless now. 10/10.
so funny guyzzz
10/10
muy muy divertido para jugar con amigos
w 4 osoby jest mega i ciekawa
cant and wont recommend until there is ultrawide support and resolution options
stupid fun
majs
perfect game to play with friends
Joya
fun i gun was aimboting me inside of a wall then killed my bf
:D
es divertido.
Very funny.
GOOD INIT
Super, mnie w kiblu i rzucali we mnie granatami, polecam
perfect
Exception timeouts.
robert on joka kakkaa omaan
Fun game to play with a group friends
hilarious
i have a few issues with the game but it's probably skill issue.
but overall this game is so fun. i enjoy very much.
would highly recommend if you and your friends are looking for something to play together
9/10
amazing game
fun to play
Best EA game of 2025 so far!
You can play solo, or with your friends.
good
EASY REC
OPOPO
quite boring
pussy fart simulator 101
very good, very nice
good
McLovin apruebas este juego
10 10
poop fart
fabulous
- -
repollo es lo maximo
most fun but scary game i have played
Bom demais o Lepo Lepo.
sigma
pure awesome playable content. hours of fun with friends. Cant wait for new content! I hope they add little hats you can earn
8 dorrah
very fun
2500 10 10.
Estrellar al patito contra el suelo es mi pasion
zovzovzvozvo
Wurde von Zwergen verhauen und dann durch ein extraterrestrisches Ding nach oben gezogen, nur um dann hallo zum Blinden zu sagen.
Darauf einmal vom Spiel ausgelacht werden
10/10
This game felt like I was on drugs and I was NOT enjoying it with an increased heartrate up to 170!
sendi sehat semangat mulung
FAJNA DO GRANIA Z KUMPLAMI
It really good and recommend playing with friends.
yes reposess
ta weno, puedo usar a mis amigos como objetos.
SERVERS SI NO NO VA A DURAR EL JUEGO
umba
good ahh game, needs public lobbies. Could use more maps and maybe a leveling system in the future, but they are adding stuff :)
better version of lethal company. Please keep updating it and adding stuff during this initial launch otherwise you'll drop off quick
Soundpad simulator
Imagine lethal company, but good.
extremely fun to play. too many enemies and items that are actually unique, original and well designed. definitely worth it.
peepee
10.1/10 lethal company offseason 2.0 with loads of craziness
this is a game that was pulled from the first game and won't let me forget about it! It's not just a card game, it's a real experience. I love its dark atmosphere and unpredictability. The threat is different, and the strategic subordinate decisions under the pressure of time add to the game's amazing software.
The game mechanics are brilliantly simple to master, but offered beyond control. Resource management, software and risk - all of this is the perfect solution. You never know what you'll get out of the difference, and it's this uncertainty that makes each part exciting.
counteracting counteracting. You can play aggressively, focusing on accurate point collection, or carefully, building a position on the main console. The possibilities are possible, and make the game extremely addictive and allow for multiple returns to it.
this is a game that has proven itself both for players and beginners. Simple rules for quick action, and depth
El juego esta muy bueno es un cago de risa si lo jugas con amigos, solo es entretenido pero te perdes una gran experiencia
kesinlikle en az 2 hafta veriyor. yok dc var yapabilirsiniz
best game ever
Best game that ever came out on steam. It is both scary and funny. Best to play with others cause tbh single player is just scary as hell. Could be entertaining too tbh. But in all honesty, 10/10
Lethal company but better.
SCREAM WITH YOUR FRIENDS!
ye. it good
god
Potencial com um time pequeno, mas extremamente dedicado, por de
Recomendo muito e espero que o jogo tenha bastante sucesso
Huge
Acho que esse jogo uma das maiores que a pode acabar contigo ou uma ambulante careca
esta wea esta entretenida, es como un lethal company pero mejor, en donde puedes estar con tus amigos y cagarte de la risa como nunca, las mejores 5 lucas de mi vida
I don't know why the devs decided to put that emoji in the front page.
It's a pretty good game.
this game is what working fulfillment feels like
i like to say "gogo gaga" in the cart :>
W Game
It's super duper fun with friends. Very good looking models, the characters are cute and funny, the monsters are creepy and sometimes make no sense lol. Awesome game for having fun with friends by killing them or helping them. Great game overall. Solid 10/10.
muito bom pra jogar com os amigo, de dar uns sustos o jogo bem
I CANT STOP PLAYING
As it turns out, I don't have any friends.
funny
the funniest and scariest 100 minutes of my life
8.5/10
probably the best game i've played in a long time :)
ISHAK
very funny, very scary, top tier game with friends
ebono
My dumb friends and I die all the time in this game. Never passed level 4. Skill issues ig.
lustiges spiel
Fun with friends, a promising game.
it sooooo funny
PLEAWSE MAKE INGAME UNLOCKABLE HATS!1!1!
gooddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
Bu oyun size geldi ekmek yeriz yine de reisten
Muy bien
juegaso
+
Very fun game to play with friends!
Goated
Qu'un seul mot INCROYABLE
Fou rire entre potes
Mes 9 euros les plus rentables
Liebe <3
10 10
Yes, R.E.P.O is basically like Lethal Company and Content warning, however unlike them I actually really love this one. I adore the few quality of life additions the latter games don't have, such as a flashlight at all times, a native map, and an easy revive system. R.E.P.O is one of the most entertaining games I've played in awhile, it's scary, funny, and all around just an enjoyable experience. While there is great mod support to this game, the vanilla experience is excellent and it honestly doesn't feel the need to be modded (imo). I've had a blast playing with with my friends, from using soundboards to make our lil semibot boys sing, clutching some insane situations, and using the text to speech for hilarious outcomes, I've had nothing but fun so far. I totally recommend this game, my only complaint is the dumb emoji banner. It makes the game feel cheap, and I feel like it doesn't accurately portray what to expect with this game. 10/10!
very fun game (I love watching my friends brutally explode)
BEN CANAVAR MIYIM? BEN KUSMAM.
honestly, i kinda like the emoji mascot
mobs are unpredictable. Unplay.
Yeahhhh, Baby!
I want you to be mine again, baby, ayy
I know my lifestyle is drivin' you crazy, ayy
I cannot see myself without you
We call them fans, though, girl, you know how we do
I go out of my way to please you
I go out of my way to see you
And I want you to be mine again, baby, ayy
I know my lifestyle is driving you crazy, ayy
But I cannot see myself without you
We call them fans, though, girl, you know how we do
I go out of my way to please you
I go out of the way to see you
I ain't playing no games, I need you
Why did you read this far?
Robot lethal company but funnier
this is one of those games where i wish there was a middle option not just "yes or no" but just me personally its not as fun as other lethallikes.
its a good laugh and definitely fun at times but its gonna get worn out very fast.
the physics is a good and cool gimmick at first but its honestly a little annoying and gets old very fast.
its *WAYYY* too easy to get hurt and die in this game, constantly barely even being scratched by someone else who cant see you while they carry something and then you either immediately die because youre constantly at 1 health or forced to take damage in an already easy to die game. and then forced to spectate for wayyy too long. ive had a game that literally went on for like half an hour cause there is no time limit or incentive to rush (which isnt a bad thing by itself). the models are funny and cute and like all lethallikes the proximity chat is hilarious at times and even the tts can be funny too and i love how it changes depending on if youre hiding or not. imo R.E.P.O. is a dumbed down more casual Lethal Company thats a cool thing to try but i wouldnt play it nearly as much as Lethal.
I hope they continue to add more and update the game to make it more unique and interesting and improve the problems in it, hopefully someday ill fully want to recommend it
These new type of games are amazing. Similar to lethal company, you are shown a game that has an extremely niche setting, with a niche job, and super complex/ unique monsters to deal with. This game is great to play with friends as well as by yourself.
Great game and extremely fun and funny with friends
me and the duck have personal beef.
It's a great game to just have fun with your friends, and its a great price for everyone!
Its a ton of fun and really easy to learn. the chats are pretty funny as well if you get the right people together
Amazing game 10/10
555555555555555
yes.
funny
Best Game
NASHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Good party game but please make the shotgun guy have a sound play when he is near
funny
very fun with friends
flush teammate 10 out of 10 game
extremely difficult solo, absolute blast with friends.
Only downside is I may wake up my wife laughing so hard ina desperate attempt to become king of the losers.
Can't stop playing.
Only just released in early access and I'm loving it.
Haven't seen any notice of these coming up, but gamepad controls, VR, and some kind of notebook/guide that gets populated as you encounter/learn about enemies and items would (for me) individually add tremendous value
Si lo juegas solo, no es tan divertido, pero con amigos es un gran juego, te echas unas risas con tus amigos con todos los artefactos que hay
najlepsza kopia lethal company
ta chill
great game
So fun and silly :D
funny
matchmaking
30
this game fun. yes plz
FUN TO PLAY
If you have not played it you have not lived
Funny emoji game
funny
game
10/10
im gonna repo your kidneys
Ce jeu est une oeuvre d'art bas prix.
Tellement bien et la fois horrifique en temps amusant au mode co-op.
euehfbJIP HJEBN VGLZhrngfasop7sdzruio
Muy divertido y demasiado random.
Se parece ligeramente a lethal company pero con otras
para jugar con amigos y sobre todo que tengan mic.
No de reir, 10/10.
god
overhyped and overrated
10 10 :D
I was walking through the halls, holding an orb worth 7,000$
My friend blasted Fetty Wap
The face came after me and killed me two hits
10/10 would recommend
Its breathe taking
not worth it, can't sex trudge
It's funny but underwhelming, it somehow hits the spot and misses the point simultaneously. I'd say a solid 6.5/10. No offense, but. yeah.
super
W game
i played this for 7 hours last night with random people i've never met, that is an amazing tell for if a game is good i think
no servers? This is a joke bro
its good
1000000
Storry botts. Living inside computer parts. The story bots, helping kids get super smart.
FUNNY
Proximity chat always makes games better; but tie in with the Canadian south park animations and its amazing.
160ms
4LEN
Jeu cool entre pote je recommande :)
FCV
YES!
10/10
While very obviously derivative of other games like Lethal Company, REPO is a game with enough unique ideas and polish to allow it to stand out from the crowd. My two hopes are that more content is added in the future, and some balancing is considered for some of the monsters. As is it, its not uncommon for your run to end because an upscream stun-locks you in a corner or a trudge wipes your team from the next room over before you know hes there. Assuming these to areas are re-examined, I can see REPO sticking around in my library for a while.
dxc
I highly recommend this game for people who love to laugh. Played it last night for 5 hours straight with friends and there was never a dull moment. There's something just satisfying about seeing a monster and sprinting past your buddy and hoping they catch on, or finding their head on the ground. The way the eyes stare at you and the mouth moves when you and your friend are both crouched in a corner and trying to stay silent gets you every time.
Somethings I hope they do add in the future are:
-achievements
-collectible cards (because why not?)
-hats (or different hands/feet OR even glasses)
-event items (ie: a leprechaun monster running around with gold coins)
-maybe a upgrade with a limited inventory backpack that can carry a few items
Otherwise, get the game. Just do it. This game can help you push your focus of having a bad day to just laughing all night. (:
This NOT lethal company game is great for friends and the rogue-like style is dope as hell, get your homies and play it now OR ELSE!
2 opciones o te llevas al patito o un cargador
Phenomenal
10/10
fun
ist n fungame XD
Worth the 10$ on steam bro. So Much Potential!
10 10
heheheheheehehehheheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeehhehehheheehe
among us.
I am not a big fan of horror games but this one is just so amazing I hope they keep adding more stuff to it it is hilarious and a blast.
smile :)
Great game to play to with friends!
Goated
this game is very fun with friends and alone is very scary but very also goofy and very little bit of a scaries and some time maybe little bit of a shitts pants
DESTROY THE SLACKERS!
:steamhappy:
bom dms slk
i like flushing my stupid friends down the toilets
I haven't laughed this hard during a horror game as much as I have playing this game. 1000/10 when you're playing with friends!
5
10 10
Buen juego para los jijeos
good much fun
Ibrahim khaneeth
lethal company but its actually fun and doesn't get boring after 20 mins of playing
this game is hilarious
only problem is that its a little boring when your spectating
yep
This game is a masterpiece. Honestly paying around for a game like that is just perfect. You will be in tears if you play with your friends. It's so much fun. But the game just need new maps and it's perfect.
i got molested by invisible diddy 10/10 would play again
Interesting game, fun to play with friends.
Biggest issue is the lack of progression.
Upgrades are tied to each game, when the game ends they go away.
This game needs stuff you can earn that transfers over from 1 lobby to the next (player progression).
This is uh, a game alright.
I accidentally set off a bomb instead of putting it in my pockets so I panicked and threw it at my friends on complete and utter accident. they all died.
Also, Thehyperdeathlazerofmassdestruction was a good addition, I helped my friend kill all my other friends.
GOOD
Mp3
one of the most enjoyable games to play with freind
6800
juego culiao fome no lo recomiendo, en 2meses va a terminar iogual q el content warning
It is scary but when playing in coop mode is fun
ES DIVERTIDO
Gucci
ducks are really cute, you should try to pet them
Great fun. Easily the best game yet that's following Lethal Company's footsteps
Great game reminds me of Lethal Company but better. The physics in this game are comical. And the models for the player are even better. For only being 800mbs and 10 bucks. Totally worth it.
the emoji is widderitly me when I play with fwiends
10/10 will put my phone on silent next time
Great game
very fun game with friends
Dieses Game hat meine Psyche auf ein andere herausgefordert die ich von vielen Games nicht erwartet also Kurz gesagt Game gut kauf lohnt sich besonder wenn man es mit freund spielen doch wenn man keine hat so wie ich dann kann man ach sehr gut solo spielen das bringt denn Horror Effekt des Games auf ein neues Level welche man nicht erwarten
w
I am Repping it oh yes ohhhh-
well if killing my buddys was the oint of the game then i would be a pro
Best game of 2025
THIS GAME IS SO FUNNY
Its rizztastic
funny emoji game
)
Been playing with my BF and it's been a blast with just us 2. We don't get past level 3 cause we suck and I'm a huge scardy cat but it's really fun, I see why bigger groups are a riot. Monsters are varied and their groupings require different play styles. Locations, while not that many, feel great and varied, especially the house location.
I hope they add a way to restart the level instead of starting over, but not an issue. Excited to see more monsters, new locations, new powers/objects, etc. I went ahead and bought the developers old game and if REPO gets half the focus on as that game. REPOs gonna be a great game for the future.
baum
This Game
10000000000 times better than Lethal Company
Yes
Hallo meine Eichelpilze. Mein Urologe hat mir gesagt, dass ich mir keine anal soll aber das ist auch ein anderes Thema. Jedenfalls kann ich sagen, dass das Game meine Psyche richtig gut getan hat, liegt wahrscheinlich auch daran, dass meine Mitgesellen den gleichen Schaden haben wie ich. FAZIT: Super game
drole et horreur
Definitivamente es este el juego de todos los tiempos
RobotPanda1066 smells
Almost like lethal company, but better. Fun with friends.
Este juego es sobre todo cuando con amigos igual de subnormales que tu, te encuentras en una de vida o muerte en una puta mesa que mi pito y a uno se le ocurre la gran idea de decir algo pensando que no te va a escuchar el monstruo y, efectivamente, te escucha y os mata a todos.
10/10
bin von ein Kind erschlagen worden kann ich nur weiter empfehlen 10/10
Best co-op game I've ever played (in terms of fun and giggles :3)
I can finally kill my friends
Called my friend's phone while they were hiding from a monster and watched it turn around and shoot them in the head. 10/10.
Zeer tof spel! zeker een aanrader om met vrienden te spelen.
melhor jogo do mundo
Si alguna vez con ser un cobrador de pero en el espacio y con armas futuristas, entonces R.E.P.O es tu juego.
Cada tarde, mis amigos y yo nos lanzamos a esta locura de y comedia, donde recuperamos objetos impagados de la manera menos posible. Nah. Todas. que siempre se muere en el peor momento?
Si te gustan los juegos cooperativos, el humor absurdo y la de ser un cobrador del frac dale una oportunidad. Solo recuerda: en el espacio, nadie puede cobrar.
Peak game. Just as good as Content Warning; definitely better than Lethal Company.
this game made my day thx to u dear dev guys!
keep support it pls
Funny slop
this is so fun to do with people and the discord sever has help with finding people to play with.
)
This game is surprisingly very rageful.
hate the little duck
sigma game
mau
fun
In the words of a post I cant remember who made, once you get weapons in a horror game, it ceases to be a horror came and becomes Doom. 10/10, would through babies into pits again
Fun game
Es muy divertido para jugar con amigos
GAME IS AMAZING 10/10 fun - only thing it needs is a SEARCH FUNCTION for available games - or people in search to join games - they can just place a list to the right in the lobby menu
very good game play for tho who like lethal compny this is a better game
zajebioza
vitszes
insane game, worth every penny. don't doubt just buy 12/10
iki dangalakla zor ama
nakliyat
With fetty wep 10X better
100% get the game
Super Game
pitopitoooooahhhhh
KAPISINI AL
REPO REPO REPO REPO!
zevkli ve bir o kadar bir oyun fakat oyunun simgesi daha ve etkin bir simge koyulabilir oyundaki gibi olabilir sunucu senecenkleri getirilirse yani sadace ile oyuncularla oynamak oyun daha bir hal eminim oynayacak yok :S
Geil
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa TTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
funny voices hehe
if this game
Goated
;D
yee
bu oyun bir hem komik hemde korkutucu ama eger yoka.
disrespect your surroundings
Muito bom
its all fun and all until someone cough randomly
King of the losers
I got killed by chica while I was carrying a love potion, 10/10
good
GET
funny
download only if you have friends to play with!
sigma
crazy
muito bom para jogar com os amigos
Great!
100/10
hahahaha
WW
many good
kal
Juegazo, de los mejores para jugar con amigos que se quieran reir, frustrarse y kgrse de miedo en especial cuando quedas solo y debes salvar la cuota. Es como lethal pero mejor.
23 15
This game is so fun, the physics are very well balanced and satisfying, the interactions, weather it be between objects or entities are always are always unique and hilarious. definitely buy it even single player is fun!
[][][][][][][][][]
Lo recomiendo completamente, he jugado con varios amigos muchas veces y todas esas veces han sido MUY divertidas.
Si quieres pasar una buena tarde con tus amigos o echar por la noche unas partiditas con gente, es lo recomendable.
HILARIOUS with friends. It's honestly a great game for just goofing around in and not taking too seriously. You WILL get up to shenanigans with your pals, and that's kind of the whole point.
Don't play to win, play to have fun and be a goober.
simple enak cokkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
oyun hele kerem diye salak bi varsa daha
Yes, it shares a lot of DNA with Lethal Company. But where REPO shines is the interactions between players. Sure, there's cool environments and monsters; but the amount of fun from carrying large objects with your friends, tossing your ragdolled mate, or charging to get your friend's head into the extract point to revive him makes Lethal pale in comparison.
In Lethal Company, the extent of friends' effects on gameplay amount to luring monsters around with your voice. This is so. much. more.
haha
Ai que medo
Game is fuckin goated, best thing to come from the indie scene since Lethal Company.
la verdad es un juego muy divertido y recomendable para jugar con los compas, me lo regalo un amigo y la verdad que nunca pense que me hiba a reir tanto 10/10 risas aseguradas, perfecto para reir y asustare un rato, por cierto si vez un patito no lo toques puede parecer tierno pero esa cosa es el muonstruo mas aterrador, terrible, peligroso y molesto de todo el juego, enserio no lo toquen.
en fin disfruta del juego junto a unos compas y sera la mejor experiencia.
like
w game, funny to play with friends.I advise everyone to play, we personally enjoyed it.
)
I love it, its a fun game that brings out my inner child shenanigans lol
yeah.
Worth every penny.my friend spent.
a
Probably my favorite lethal company like game, especially for just on release. 6 Players base game is great, and mods are already up for increased player count. The physics and character models are great and hilarious.
Amazing super fun with friends
pisdes
WORTH
Vraiment sympathique plusieurs (uniquement des amis).
Quelque stream marrant et parfois punitif, mais avec 2 ou 3 partie on prend vite les
My God this is way too fun for its own good. Like a lot of people here, I'd say while the crying laughing emoji logo is honestly one of the most fitting symbolism for the game considering how hilarious it is. yeah, it gives off the idea that the game is more of a joke than what it actually is: a fun, well-thought out horror extraction game you can play with your friends, where you play as one of those open-lid trash cans and try to grab expensive shit without breaking it for profit, or worse death. Haven't had this much fun in years. Incredible game, fellas.
Creatures
fun fun fun
Awesome and hilarious!
the thumbnail of ts fr pmo, but its a good game
gulli gulli
Sigo sin saber que chota significa R.E.P.O pero esta divertido el juego
REPO, a new Lethal-Company-Like but with physics and. very vulnerable robots.
Honestly, I am in love with this game - it has only just released but is filled to the brim with fun gameplay, unique monsters, and plenty of laughs!
Good:
- Singleplayer & Multiplayer are both fun.
- Active development team.
- Tons of polish.
- Good sound design.
- Fun gameplay loop.
- uh more stuff that I forgot
Bad:
- Rugrat
- Rugrat
- Rugrat
i got to bomb my friends
Blyat tupii razrabi mogli hoteabi zdelati skidku vo vremea vesenii rasprodaji suki >:(
its a funny horror game that you can play with your friends.
gg
muy divertido
Historia o takich co wyrzucali z balkonu
lui
its too fun. your risk of getting a heart attack increases with 32%, keep away from elders
Trop marrant. A faire en et un gros avec
goofy ass hovno miluju to ong
fun ass game
TOPCHIK
<3
good game
The Mercedes-Benz CLR was a race car developed by Mercedes-Benz for the 1999 24 Hours of Le Mans. It was a successor to the successful CLK GTR and CLK LM models. an overview of its key features, history, and notable incidents:
Development and Design
Chassis and Body:
The CLR featured a carbon-fiber monocoque chassis, designed to be lightweight yet strong.
The aerodynamic bodywork aimed to reduce drag and increase downforce. However, this led to some stability issues.
Engine:
It was powered by a naturally aspirated 5.7-liter V8 engine, producing around 600 horsepower.
The engine was mid-mounted for optimal weight distribution.
Transmission:
The car used a sequential manual gearbox, which was common in race cars for its quick shifting capabilities.
Racing History
1999 24 Hours of Le Mans:
The CLR was primarily developed for this prestigious endurance race.
Mercedes-Benz entered three CLR cars in the event.
Notable Incidents
Aerodynamic Issues:
During the practice and qualifying sessions, the CLR experienced severe aerodynamic instability, leading to two major incidents.
Peter Dumbreck's Incident:
On the race day, driver Peter Dumbreck's CLR flipped into the air and landed outside the track. This dramatic accident was widely covered by the media.
Mark Webber's Incident:
During qualifying, Mark Webber experienced two similar flips with his CLR, raising serious concerns about the design.
Consequences
Withdrawal:
Following these incidents, Mercedes-Benz decided to withdraw the remaining CLR cars from the race for safety reasons.
These accidents led to significant changes in the regulations governing the aerodynamics of race cars to prevent similar occurrences in the future.
Legacy
The Mercedes-Benz CLR is often remembered more for its dramatic flips than its racing performance.
It highlighted the importance of aerodynamic stability in race car design and influenced subsequent regulations and safety measures in motorsport.
The CLR's brief and tumultuous racing history serves as a reminder of the constant balance
very fun game
It's the funniest and most entertaining game I've played in a long time!
cooli great
My friend killed us all blasting fetty wap
This game is the G shit
11 10
One of the most interactive, exciting and fun experiences I have ever had. Its a great game where you can literally piss your friend off, It's genuinely like the funniest game ever. (Recommended to play with friends only.)
game has no storyline don't waste your time
I was drowning my friend in the toilet and got snuck up on by a clown,
We both died.
10/10
sit on me
10
10/10
My teammate is ADHD im austistic, we never live.
ts pmo sybau
SOSAT BOMJI
I sneezed and broke 6,000$ vase. Then my friend got mad and destroyed the whole cart. I lost 1 friend
This is the most fun you can have online. Add in-game matchmaking and this is GOTY!
Funny
Fou rire garantie
Le jeu a un bon potentiel.
J.D
10 10
100 10
A Better version of A game called Lethal Company even though I like both of them
<3
Absolutely hilarious. Many "funny moments"
divertido,epico, todo lo que te gusta a vos y tu hermana.
It's fun!
yes
Absolute Cinema
very cool game
banger
best game iv played in a long time bring friends
Me recuerda al otro juego como se llamaba
This game is A.W.E.S.O.M.E. There's nothing else to say.
YES, SIR!
For Version 0.1.2
Downside:
0. Cannot escape the grab when holding by a teammate, but i think that's intend, u still can install Tumble Guard to prevent this (used network rpc);
1. Cannot disable last man standing at the end of the game;
2. Gameplay balance is a joke, each upgrade don't have any limit; and upgrade price didn't depends on how many time player bought it, how many levels reached, how many players in the game, and/or who use it; many store items are roll randomly, some upgrades can never appear during a run; and the bare minimum of counterattack even require lose 5 hp, hello?
Our team reached level 15 with full 6 players lobby and stamina-synced gameplay (previous is 9, with completely normal gameplay), all i can say that's prisoner experience, if u think the gameplay doesn't matter, well u will see more infinite ammo glitch user in this game just for fun, AND I GUESS DEVS DARE TO REMOVE ANY GLITCH AS POSSIBLE, WITHOUT ANY GOOD GAMEPLAY BALANCE.
Now time to say the good side:
0. i know many good side basically come from Lethal Company and modpack of that game, but time will give us answer so this review can revise for this time;
1. More players like the tumble gameplay, that cause comedic, but i know, not everyone like this part;
2. Teammate can revive you by taking body to the extraction point, and can sacrifice their health to heal you, and im glad to see dev add more teammate interaction things.
The monsters in the game is your friends and the friends is killing you xD 10/10
Jes very fanny!
Yes beacuse its yes and yes its yes
Um jogo extremamente divertido.
Nagyon komoly.
EXTREMLY GOOD GAME, i just wish i had people to play with :(
veri danger
geil leute beste spiel holt euch sofort sonst keine 30cm in der hose
Excellent jeu fun entre amis
jared is very good at these type of games
Jeu fun avec des amis, des parties toujours et plus
Very awesome
its fantastic, It has to be the greatest game to play with friends. Sometimes its scary, Sometimes u laugh ur ass off
Better than any "LC copies" and LC itself included. This game is just like a fresh breath after some bullshit
POLECAM TE GIERKE, JEST SUPER 10/10, LOVE IT
CUDOWNE WARTE KAZDEJ ZLOTOWKI
yhu
Super divertido para jugar con amigos y crear experiencias para soltar muchas risas!
autismus
ahahahahahahahah
great totally make me lose my friends
BIG
z
Just a worse Lethal Company clone.
10 10
Awesome game, super easy to learn and great way to relax with some friends and have a blast laughing at each other.
1
afefa
The best
funny
I get to sacrifice my friends for entertainment 10/10 would recommend
"Can you disable landmines"
"I think so"
"It isn't working"
"Here let me-"
*explosion*
I then spent an actual 25 minutes playing alone in a haunted house trying to revive them
borat
Yeah
Cuando lo juegues la primera vez te vas a y bastante
6
Muy diverido pero estaria mas chido que se puedan meter mods
10/10 funny
GN 9/10
big funne
Absolute banger. Better than Lethal Company in some ways
Lethal Company seven ve anksiyete olmayan oyun
repo reaper
uiuiuiuiuiuiuiuiuiuiuiuiuiuiuiuiuiuiuiuiuiuiuiuiuiuiui
I died to a giant baby and became king of the losers
the physics and animations are SO funny please play it so you can experience the only good thing to have come from capitalism
Definitly one of the best games to play whit your friends. its literally better lethal company.
superrrr
10 10
funny beens
This game has so much potential, usually when me and my friends try a new game that's made by and indie developer its fun for a few hours but this game is something different, got us hooked on for atleast 5 consecutive days.
-pro tip : get your dog out of your room when playing against the blind guy with the rifle
10 10
)
I miss my wife
10 10
I got touched
en iyi oyunu aq ama mal bir varsa saati ile vurabilir
some rando in a bar:
play REPO
me:
ok
1,7
sex
Loaded up a game. Saw a duck. Picked the duck up. He ate me. 10/10
franchement plusieurs, 3 minium
R.E.P.O
Oyunu 1 saat sonra benden geri almasalar devam ederdim oyun
R.E.P.O. er et spil, der virkelig at kombinere hjernepirrende med en god portion humor. Spillet tager dig med en rejse gennem en futuristisk verden, hvor du skal en udfordrende opgaver.
Hvad R.E.P.O. sjovt?
Spillet er fyldt med finurlige der at du ud af boksen. Du vil alt fra logiske udfordringer til absurde situationer, der dig til at grine.
Humoristisk R.E.P.O. har en humoristisk tone, der spillet let og underholdende. Figurerne er og dialogerne er ofte fyldt med sjove
Varieret gameplay: Spillet byder en god variation af gameplay-elementer, du aldrig keder dig. Du skal udforske omgivelser og interagere med andre figurer.
Visuel stil: Den farverige og tegneserieagtige grafik er med til at skabe en unik og charmerende
Hvem vil nyde R.E.P.O.?
Fans af der leder efter en sjov og udfordrende oplevelse.
Spillere, der pris humor og en
Alle, der leder efter et underholdende spil, der kan give et godt grin.
Konklusion
R.E.P.O. er et okay spil, der kombinerer hjernepirrende med en god portion humor. Hvis du leder efter et sjovt og udfordrende spil, er R.E.P.O. et sikkert hit.
Absolute cinema
Too much break and broke, perfect for night shift. -2700$/10
"Man the lethal company gameplay is still being milked? why is this game so popular on steam right now-"
I was then subjected to the best 1.6 hours of comedy
Nico es fenomenal por cierto este juego es un mierdon sobre todo si tu amigo se llama fernando y esta amargado
Fun with friends, might even prefer this game over lethal. However there are no public lobbies at the moment so you're gonna need to find ones on discord or have friends. Getting all your friends to hop on at the same time is the hardest part about this game.
)
hehe
P,S, ultrawide
aeiou
+ you get flushed down the toilet
Lustiges und cooles Spiel mit Freunden. Geile Monster und coole Game Features
Funny as hell to play with friends
balls shivered
i like
very fun
ww
GOTY
10 10
best game ever
gut vallha
R.E.P.O.
GOOD
The game seems hard at first but you get used to it.
it's fun! I haven't tried mods.
The social media engagement of the developer is a very positive sign. I really enjoy their transparency on matchmaking. Overall good experience with swedish game developers so I'm stoked for the progress of this game.
10 10
mmh monkey
Even without friends it is so fun would be 10x better if on console so more of my friends could play
fun game with friends
10 10
A hilarious game where you are tasked with retrieving fragile items while dodging various monsters who want nothing more than to destroy you. Best game of 2025 so far!
Joder q buen juego
It is really fun to play :)
This game is so amazing (and scary) best 10 euro i have given (20 euro because i gift my bff)
its worth every penny
oh yeagh
11 10
10 10
FUFUFAFA
best 15 dollars of my life
fun game
UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU (the game is very good and fun for friends similar to content warning and lethal company)
rapeo
I got raped and molested by big black boy
absolute banger of a game
zekiyi canavara at amk :DDD
The best fun game. The game is sometimes scary but mostly entertaining. I definitely recommend it
R.E.P.O
R.E.P.O
R.E.P.O
5 4
THE best coop gather game out there. I have never had this much fun in this type of game ever. Get your friends together and get ready to unleash unbridled chaotic fun. 10/10 Best Choice in this genre.
I bought it mostly for the robots you play as but my god it was so much fun! Learning patterns, trying to wrangle your friends to shut the fuck up, and the gameplay is just so simple but oh so fun! Love this game!
bruh
awesome
You know, I bought this game cause it looks fun, seen videos all over social media, completely forgot I have no friends to play this game with.
Con menos de una hora de juego, me cague de risa con mis amigos. Si tienen la plata que es
2025
+R.E.P O
its okay fun with friends
funny games. if you have friends.
Seriously some of the most fun I've had in a game in a LONG while. Spent a good portion of the night laughing my ass off & getting my nephews eaten. 10/10 will be buying for all my friends.
alto juego amigo :)
hayat kalitem 10x amk
A FROG TURNED ME INTO SUSHI
GAME GOOD
Nunca achei que iria morrer pra um BB que pegou apenas um Item no carrinho, Maldito jogou na minha cara e fui de vasco KKKKKKKKKKKKKM Comprem e jogue
repo
6/10
fun to play with friends
20K amk
lethal company if you were given the physgun gun from gmod which is awesome
(devs please reconsider the crying laughing emoji mascot)
:D
e21d
10 10
I've been playing for about 10 hours now and let me tell you something. I've never had so much fun being scared and absolutely laughing my a* off because of how ridiculousy funny this game is. If you've played skyrim, elden ring, or elder scrolls and you love the "looting" aspect, then you'll love this. You do nothing but loot and dodge and run from monsters. Prettttttyyyyy dope. The Shop or "upgrades" area is really cool too, I look forward to the dev's adding more items and stuff to play around with. I cant wait to see what the future of this game holds. 10/10 would recommend.
✅ funny object interactions
✅ not overly scary monsters
✅ text to talk
✅ game saves
✅ revivability (not dead all game)
❌ crashes mid game or on start
bardzo polecam gre do grania z kolegami
solid game with friends 10/10
Great game with friends. 10/10
- -
so spoopy i pooped my pants
Bom p krl, so nao jogue com amigos retardados.
10/10
i love anal
:(
good like love it
:)
fun w friends
Lethal Company Jr. is very fun. Gameplay loop is addicitve. Highly recommend. Has guns too KKona Clap
90+
Comprei eu mesmo, um jogo bem maneiro de busca itens valiosos com monstros legais e itens bem criativos. No total um jogo que vale muito a pena jogar sim mas os desenvolvedores podem parar de atualizar por conta que ficaria MUITO entediante a mesma coisa sempre.
percam o HYPE!
6
PEAKKK
Did I lose my voice? Yes. Was it worth it? Yes.
10 10
10\10
Sigm
so funny with friends
Like lethal company but way better in almost every way
Hooked from second one. Its amazing lol.
Only fun with friends, mute on discord and use the VC in game, hella fun :D
funny game
cok baska turlu 3 yine min 4
yes
3
10 10
Jogo da hora dms, tenho amigos pra jogar
Got sigma ulted by a meditating alien
I fear God has abandoned whatever planet the poor robots are on
if u dont have friends dont buy the game
kuru kafalar patlarken yoksa onun
we had fun a lot but not much as we expecct. so i committed refund request reisim But its worth to try with your friends. We played w 4 player and we had fun :D
2 2
Explored the map, found my friend, he walked through a door, he blew up
10/10 would recommend
15
This game is
top
Most fun I've had playing a co-op horror game :)
birlikte oynamak pek istemeden de olsa 2 haritadan sonra oynamaktan iade edince benim de iade fakat aradan 1 hafta sonra yeniden oyundur.
lanetli konutlara geceleri kamyonunuz ile sizden istenen dolar hedefi bu soldan el doldurup teslim ettikten sonra en kamyonunuzla oradan gereken bir oyun.
sonraki zamanda ise, kendinizi ve nelere kitleri, el ek gibi paketleri bu paketler bireyseldir, kullanan olur), alma kamyonunuza ve geceye bir sahip teneke robot karakterler ile yeniden maceraya gerim gerim gerebilen bir oyundur.
Oyuna dair 1-2 not ekleyeyim:
- bittikten ve yeteri kadar sonra kamyona de gereken kamyonun alt tarafta bulunan ekrana tutup alma bittikten sonra da
- Soyguna evde olur da birden beliren 4-5 tane ile tutup duvara veya cisimlerin sizin size
- nesneler oluyor, en az iki gerekiyor.
- nesnelere sola
- Oyun duyuyorlar ve sesinize geliyorlar, ses etmeyin.
- diriltebilirsiniz bunun yeteri miktarda nesneyi ve teneke kafa da el koyup "teslimat gerekiyor.
- bir ve [b]DOKUNMAYIN![/b]
2,5 saatim var ama korku ve gerilim oyunu sevenlere Benim gayet gitti.
its very funny and cool with friend i recommend this game!
Lmao
super funny and fun makes playing with friends so much better
peak this game change my life
Very good
I don't know if my suggestions make sense, I love this game but I do have ideas, but yeah without them I would keep playing.
First, maybe the posibility to buy keys at the shop, and those keys being able to open the closed furniture, with the idea of objects being there, or maybe even the posibility of them NOT being there, is at risk to take sometimes.
Also, I'm unsure if object generate at some point, when we clean the whole map and sometijmes don't have enough because we f up, it would be great to have the oportunity of objects re-appearing/generate when there is nothing left and the cuota is not met. I know the monsters might help with that but if you don't have the tools to defeat them you can't.
Thats it, enjoying this silly game with whoever I can.
<
10 10
nerf the grandpa with the gun
the banner and the general concept of being a lethal company -like game give off huge slop vibes
but this is like actually one of the most fun games I've played for 10 bucks, especially with friends
devs please pick a less cringe non-emoji banner so I can convince people it isn't slop a little easier thx
cule juego la ultra monda
Positives:
1.enemies are actually hard until you learn them and even after some mixes or positions can and and will kill you.
2. flapping talking heads.
3.with friends it's a hilarious random BS moment game.
4. Solo it's a brutal yet beatable challenge to complete each floor.
5. atmosphere can be intense and spooky.
Negatives:
1. Addicting. I have 26 hrs in 4 days.
2. sometimes the BS gets annoying solo. But most of the time you can work around the BS
3. If you are full health (100 at the start) I feel like at least huntsman and robe should knock you back and put you to 1 instead of instantly killing you. ESPECIALLY in solo. this is one of my few gripes with the game. the enemies are just as numerous and deadly solo then in a 6 man and the game appears to be balanced for solo for upgrades but many people for monsters. This may change.
Notes:
1. I would say repetitive maps and enemies after a while but apparently they are updating the game so wait and see I guess.
2. server browser is being worked on.
3. if you pick up an item yank it out quickly. The items have a few I frames as you grab them to stop impact damage from the grab. you can use these frames to yank items with your scroll wheel or flicking the mouse.
"Quack" - Demonic Ducky
funniest shit on the planet, GOTY
This is the most fun I've had in a game in awhile. Its really good.
There is no filter on the text to chat.
Do not fix this
+1
9\10
highly recomend! remeber to download services like thunderstore for modding
As I threw the rugrat against the wall, I wondered aloud how many rugrats it would take to paint it.
buhf rkfcc
OYUN
If you like Lethal Company, but wanted it to feel like Amnesia: The Dark Descent with a goofy theme, this is the game for you!
a couple points i'd like to see improved:
1. the blind man is an aimbotter, able to adjust his aim on a moved target despite lack of noise.
2. the blind man, unlike most enemies, seems immune to knocking over. its a blind man with a cane, this shouldn't be remotely difficult.
3. picking up items can be glitchy, either not working at all, or dropping a weapon every time its swung
4. monster spawns should not be right next to player spawns. a 1-room distance is entirely unfair, blindsiding our group most of the time.
5. monster footsteps cannot be heard in most circumstances, unless directly in line of sight, within combat distance, or if they're immediately beyond a wall. those footsteps are the only warning signal for many enemies, who are otherwise entirely silent till deadly.
6. the strawman can parkour exactly like a player, vaulting staircases, climbing towers of boxes, its truly ridiculous. no other creature can parkour like a cloth and straw scarecrow apparently, not even the 6 legged animal!
7. stamina is downright pitiful, being almost entirely spent within a 2 second burst, and getting you nowhere. the only way to fix this, is to spend all my store money on stamina, ignoring 100% of the other items. this is ridiculous.
10/10 Me encanta la parte en la que tienes que matar a tus amigos (No en el Game Over).
bro you got my respect for this game
Imperativo jugarlo con amigos, es realmente un cago de risa.
Indico e muito, com os meus amigos pq eles te matam
fordi den er velig fin
alan oynayacak biri bulsun da
ROLIGT HAHAHAHHAHA. Jag stor orgasm jag spelar detta spelet med mina Det intensiva och roliga mina bollar att vibrerar av dess skratt man 110kr vart mina pengar fast jag missade rean veckan innan. Vill du climax i rumpan detta spelet en trevlig fredags med
1,
funny eyes
10 10
muy divertido, pero cuidado con los monstruos los mas peligrosos son. tus amigos
Basicamente um trabalho de busca e Recomendo
My friend and I both bought this game because i kept seeing it on tik tok and then my favorite youtubers started playing it so obviously i had to hope on and one thing about this i'll say. IT'S THE FUNNIEST/SCARIEST GAME RIGHT NOW, Now i do have some concerns like how there isn't a multiplayer (online) or a discord (not that i know of yet) to play with other random people and that you can only play with you're steam friends. I do hope they come out with this so me and my pal can meet new people!
FUNNY MOMENTS WITH FRIENDS
really good.
JONNA
poly wraio game exei polu plaka
Lethal Company but better in every way PLUS MUPPET MOUTHS!
very spook.
-
-
-
-
Q -
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
10 10
360
very fun to kill ur friends
15ml 15ml 5ml 5g 5ml 5ml 5ml 5g 5ml 20ml 5g 5ml 5ml 5ml 5ml 5g 5g
5g 5g 5g 5g 5g
5g 5g 5ml
5g AVGAS 5ml JetFuel 5ml Jet-A/A1 5ml
Jet-B 5ml 5ml 5ml 5ml 5ml 5ml 5ml 5ml 5ml 5ml 5ml
5g 5g 5ml 5ml
5g 5ml 5ml 5ml 5ml 5g 5ml 5g 5ml 5g 5g 5ml 5g 5g 5ml 5g 5ml 5g 5ml 5g 5ml 5g 5ml 5g 5g wd40 5ml
5g 5g 5g 5g 5g 5g 5ml 5ml 5ml
ww
20/25
Very fun and entertaining game especially with friends on multiplayer
one of the best
jugarlo con amigos le da el plus, este mardito juegardo es una maquina de generar clips
MUY BUENO, JUEGO MUY COMPLETO Y DIVERTIDO
I was excited to try this game from the little clips I've seen online so I tried it with a friend
The physics system is interesting and unique to these kind of games, but doesn't really make the gameplay any better
the enemies are more annoying than threatening or at least early game the bigger ones can just one-shot kill you
as an alternative, I recommend Sketchy's Contract or Phasmophobia
A very good game to play with friends, it has just come out and honestly I haven't been able to find any bugs in the 3 hours of play, the only thing it needs is a little more content both in the store and maps and monsters and it would be perfect. In addition, they should add the lobbies and the lobbie host can kick out people he doesn't want in his squad.
super
p game
the best
This game is so much fun to play with friends. Half of the time i'm either dying laughing or screaming and hiding from the monsters! The game also runs well on my low-end laptop, which is a plus as well! The maps are also fun to play in, each level you progress, the maps become more bigger and complex, causing you to become lost, lol.
very fun but for now only you can play with friends
comedy gold
banger
fed
That's what mean AAA indie game
GAAAAA
Es un juegazo, pero cuando ya descubres todo se hace muy facil jkasj (actualicen pero juego porfa)
venominalno
Juegardo
meilleure jeu de l'univers
6 -
I actually like the stupid emotes Taxman uses
The game is definetly a fun play, it's a little difficult to play by yourself however, that is how you GET GUD! Playinhg with other persons is definetily a fun time
Gaslighting: The Game
I dont have friends. You can only play with friends, no random lobby.
But seems like the Game have huge Potential
i love THIS GAME PLEASE MAKE MORE UPDATES I WANT MORE!
bi oyun
repa
GOOOD
hatalmas xd
10/10
10/10
- 385 / / /
- Q, 3
-
-
- 3 15, 5-10
-
-
-
Here's a summary of my play style:
- *Tries to bully monsters*
- *Gets bullied in return*
10/10
if you like a game where you scream and run for your life while been chased by a frog chef. this game is for you
if you like going around a corner and been kidnapped by a ghost this game is also for you.
Would recommend 10/10
Baba Hase Diese
I never write reviews. I'm writing this one because I love concept of this game but find it nearly impossible and thus incredibly frustrating to play this single player. If you're playing single player there really needs to be a way to re-spawn as playing multiplayer, by contrast, effectively provides you with additional lives.
very goofy, very fun
Dede sikeyim
5 4
best ab workout ive done
watched my friend explode because he stared at an eyeball on the ceiling for too long. Other friend picked his corpse up, but turned too fast. Friends corpse slammed in to me at 1hp, promoting me to corpse. 10/10 would play again
I liked the game, but I refunded it since it doesn't have matchmaking, so wit no friends is boring. I will buy it back as soon as They allow matchmaking.
An awesome game! Played it with friends and we haven't laughed this hard in a long time. Excited to see more great content in the future! :D
Oyunu fazla oynama vaktim tek deneyimledim, ve oynamaya bir oyun, atmosferi olsun, ortam elementleri olsun, sesleri olsun, size o bir oyun, noktalarda noktalarda gibi iptal olabiliyorsunuz,
Lethal Company with Physics
Content warning with Logic
This game is fun solo, and more fun with friends!
so i played it 1 time and the time flys i alr have 3h and it feels like i just dowloaded it and its not even 1GB big so its very good and fast to play
such a funny ass game, only put 6 hours in and its already worth it
tiktok brainrot game
sigma
I love this game! 6 of my friends got the game after me yet no one plays with me! Beating the enemies to death is a plus to the game
SEMIWORKS ADD TAUNTS AND MY LIFE IS YOURS!(AND MY WALLET)
<3
sasha p!dooor daaaaaa
game good yes
tak
jest fajnym horrorem
miside
R.E.P.O. is an awesome game if you play with friends 10/10 the mods are fun as well if you do add mods i suggest more stamina the base stamina is just enough to the point you can run and roll under something you can probably almost run out of a room with it but overall a very fun game
A lot of fun with friends
Very fun
180
Good game!
A very good game, they inovate and make everything good to make the game fun and they achieve it.
Add a server browser, please.
hhh
though good game
sex robo no
normalnay igra
This is not simply a lethal company clone, this feels like the first game in the genre since to try and actually do something/have its own identity.
The best way it improves is the entities you encounter, its not a bunch of invincible eldritch horrors with varying levels of passiveness (while those do exist) there are smaller enemies you can actually combat/manage.
the physics based item system puts more player agency in the success of the mission, not to mention its entirely separate from the inventory system which is just for tools (AND THE TORCH IS NOT AN ITEM, MY GOD I LOVE NOT BEING PUNISHED WITH NO TORCH IF I DIE, LOOKING AT YOU CONTENT WARNING, NOT TO MENTION THE CHANCE TO REVIVE TEAMMATES IN A MISSION).
The main progression in a run is character upgrades that persist over death, this game truly is THE PVE SILLY HORROR OF ALL TIME. With the removal of many small grievances that stopped me coming back to the earlier titles of the genre in addition to little touches of attention to detail that speak clearly of a dev team that wanted to make a genuinely fun co op experience for friends.
its truly been a while since a game has gotten me a noise complaint from laughing to loudly at 1am.
Repo
very fun with friends or alone tho i would recommend the friend experience (if you have any om)
good
Quack Quack
Tres bon jeu a plusieurs
www
My friend tried using a feather cube on himself to dodge the scary samurai frog and died in the process. Luckily, the cube attached to the frog and trapped him in a ceiling corner the rest of the level giving us a false sense of security until the two sword girl popped up and ruined our lives.
10/10
Seen a lot of videos about this game, and it's fun. It's sad that it doesn't let you play with random people tho. It's a great disadvantage for people that don't have lots of friends.
Just another flavor of the week lethal cumpeeny like clone. The first time you play it it's kinda funny with friends but these games get boring so fast for me. I'm not really a fan of these big streamer bait games. I don't think it's poorly developed but it just ain't that crazy.
Goated game
2.0
muy buen juego
good
tres bien tres drole
huntsman has aimbot!11!
Jeu fun entre amis Similaire au jeu Lethal company mais en plus
Muito parecido com o aquela do Lethal Company, talvez esse consiga desbancar de verdade.
Es macht sehr viel Mit Freunden
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
I was kidnapped, taken from my robo-kin by an invisible man, who carried me to distance vast before feeding me to the clutches of a blanketed horror. There were screams, but only mine could travel so far.
They were working together. They just didn't know it.
its funny and cool for this price
this have very fun
Great game has a lot of features that make the game feel really special when comparing to lethal company. i thought i was just a new small game but i fell in love how cozy the game feels. All love and support to Semiwork <3
Smeshno
increible
super sympa
You'll be taken to a sauna by overly excited kidnapper. 10/10. lol
I hate it. 10/10. Would absolutely recommend.
It will give you a love/hate relationship with yourself, your friends and the game, but you will come back again.
All it needs now is LAN with Nucleus Co-op support And it will be a lethal company beater for sure. Increase the player cap to something like more company. Adding a Pvp or Even Teams would be a crazy gamemode pitting groups of players in a map to see which team can collect the most scrap, changing maps every few rounds. can be fun. Love this game. it is hilarious. They nailed it with the ambiance as well as it gives it strong horror vibes, especially when playing solo. The physics is incredible as it adds depth to it's gameplay. It can be your best friend or worst nightmare. I can't wait to see new weapons/upgrades/maps/monsters in the near future. Also the modding scene is promising as well. 100% recommend this.
Hui!
Played this for a gamenight with more than the intended number of max players and had a blast.
Be wary of your friends using CIA torture methods on you. They can do that.
666
goty.
hola e visto tantos videos buenos de repo lastimosamene es un juego de muchas personas me gustaria jugar con gente agregeme marcosrodriguez199503 estare esperano ya que el juego es tan nuevo que no tiene una comunidad
Bomboclat android
1
2
3
4
10 10
10/10
This game is hilarious, fun and addicting.
Jogo extremamente divertido, e com um pequeno toque de terror, acho massa jogar com grupo fechado pra ser mais emocionante, se alguem quiser jogar em grupo, me add e bora jogar!
oyunu ama oynayacak yok amk
[i]
[/i]
[b] [/b]
so fun
its all silly at first but once your at level 5, god is it actually scary. really good game i love the rogue-like upgrades it has
yes
I watch my friends go boom, 10/10 will betray them again
Unfassbar lustiges Spiel.
da porra
Bro best game of the year?
Love IT
Chaotic fun with friends or freaky jumpscares by yourself?!?! What's not to love?
4-5
Be me, Explore "Abandoned" Places, looking for loot,
Friend with be starts playing fetty wap,
they get shot by a blind guy with a shotgun
The rest of us try to jump him
Everyone dies except me
Then i buy the game, And the same thing happens.
asdf
Divertido con amigos y mas si usas voicemod, le doy un 8/10
Le jeu co-op "horror" le plus (avec des amis bien
fuck det var ringe
jeu super fun entre potes ,meme si il reste assez
Game will be very hard at first, but once you learn all of the monsters its pretty simple and easy. Most importantly very fun and funny goofy silly
F
10 10
10 10
finally something with decent support
muito bom/roda em qualquer pc, i /e legal/unica coisa chata e que a maioria dos monstros e hitkill
Upon first glance it may seem like just a half-way decent Lethal Company clone, but after spending some time playing with friends and solo it really started to shine through on its own and clearly has developed its own style. In someways I think I actually prefer this to Lethal Company.
Alas, I do not know if how long it'll survive for, these things are often difficult to predict.
content
12 12.
melhor jogo (best game i've ever played)
Very fun game with friends, solo works pretty well too. absolutely recommend it!
-
There is nothing better than jumping and ragdolling on friends who are carrying highly valuable stuff.
Ruins long term friendships in just one session.
10/10 worth of GOTY
This game impacts my mental health negatively.
my friend decided to whack me with the cart and give me a minor case of severe brain damage :(
ww
5 stars. monster fall down stairs
<3
so dope holy smokes love it keep u pthe bgood work
Absolutely fun!
literally lethal company
so peak
Not worth the time, asked for a refund.
horornya kerasa banget, apalagi kalau solo, mulai dari level 5 udah sulit karena banyak entity
(1) (2)
Like lethal company and content warning but on steroids
5
kadar hak eden bir oyun. beraber daha komik ve vakit Kesinlikle bir verin
10/10
360
10 10
Un chef-d'oeuvre tout simplement.
5 5+
didnt played it cause theres no multiplayer lobby with regions
This game is so fun i laugh my a* out everytime, and the price is acceptable
Recommended
love the big yappy mouths on those robots makes them look silly :3
il se demarque des autres
:)
game hella good
very miss multiplayer. Its only coop
i haven't played a game this good in yeeears, thanks @semiwork
Good for the price but you'd be better off just buying Lethal Company or modding Lethal Company to the point where it's unrecognizable.
It's fun with friends obviously but anything is fun with friends. It has a lot of potential and I will likely continue playing it but it takes too long to become interesting (around level 4) and as soon as it does you're probably going to die and be sent back to level 1. Another Lethal Company like for someone to try when they're burned out on it and I'd argue doesn't do enough to separate itself from it.
Needs a respawn mechanic added in that's better than what it currently is because it's not fun to watch your friends collect trash for 10 minutes. Alongside that, it sucks to functionally lose your run when your diamond blows up in your hands.
Heehoo baseball bat fun
yeah
fun game to play with your friends, highly recommend, never laughed so much in a game XD
10 10
nb
Won't recommend until public lobbies are a thing.
raw next game
fun game to play with friends
R.E.P.O
just buy it
really fun especially with friends, funny yet scary at times. overall think of it as lethal company but waaay better.
This game is definetly fun to play if you play it with a friend/friends. It's a silly and scary game, combining humor with tension in a great way! If you're into these type of games I would recommend to not watch videos of gameplay, as those may spoil some surprises the game has in store for you! It surely is a fun game and I would recommend it if you've got a friend or a group to play it with.
However, right now (March 13th, 2025) it is early access and you can tell by the lack of maps. This isn't a bother to me, but if you want a large of maps, maybe wait a little longer until more content comes out.
Symulator
very fun, though needs more content
Got head.
It fun
pinoy team tara sali kayo
Ah, another day, another review! Before I embark upon this critical analysis, let me offer my deepest gratitude to the illustrious Michael Lewis, whose unwavering support of my in the form of a served as both encouragement and affirmation. Michael, you transcend the mundane, and for that, I salute you.
Now, let us direct our attention to Repo, an opus by Semiworks that promises both pandemonium and amusement in equal measure. Having been an avid follower since the days of Voidigo, I can confidently assert that this developer possesses an almost metaphysical ability to heed the calls of its community, continually refining and expanding upon its offering with relentless enthusiasm. Truly, Semiworks is crafting a magnum opus, one that perpetually evolves in a state of creative hypertrophy.
Repo, at its core, is an inexhaustible wellspring of mirth, albeit occasionally interrupted by the tiresome ritual of waiting for companions in the time so interminable it verges on ontological absurdity. But once the game commences, all grievances evaporate in the frenetic whirlwind of hilarity, accompanied by simultaneous screams of agony and joy, creating a synergistic cacophony that could only be described as pantomimetic chaos. Each level, with its idiosyncratic interactions, contributes to an ever-evolving tapestry of intertextual monster synergies, resulting in gameplay that is as epistemologically unpredictable as it is absurd. I am still reeling from the experience of being abducted by an invisible assailant, only to be subsequently metaphysically executed by a blind scene that could only be described as comedic genius in its most ludicrous form.
In sum, Repo is brimming with tantalizing potential, and Semiworks, as ever, is cooking up something truly spectacular. Watch this game is destined for greatness, and I foresee its ascension to the apex of unprecedented ludicrousness, an absolute paragon of ludicropotentiality.
on numara mal etmeden
GGG
If you have 3-10 friends that has 10 dollars and to play with, this is one of the funniest games you can play.
Best game on steam rn ngl.
einfach nur lustig und macht trotz sterben xD
resumo: quebrar itens valiosos, seus amigos te crucificarem por ser um completo animal, o veio da doze usa wallhack, sustos e mortes nerfa a guria das espadas ela usa hack e a feira em primeiro contato da um arrepio da porra.
precisa colocar um server publico pra jogar com o resto perfeito
underscore.
android bot
angry grandpa killed my friends.help :(
100/10 trugje
is fun
awesome game! keep this content rolling!
1er game: va le jeu est fun
game: commence partir dans tout les sens
games: POURQUOI DES BEBE NOUS JETTE DES OBJETS A LA FACE
Je recommande ce jeux pour ce qui aime bien jouer fun avec leur potes.
10 10
Good game +
UN CAGO DE RISA
PROXIMIIIITY CHAT goes brrrr
sigma
goog
R.E.P.O.O.P. more like
scare
Banger
10 10
ded stariy marazmatik s aimom
great silly fun horror times
Surprisingly enjoyable and fairly well crafted. I wrote the game off because of the terrible emoji branding, but a friend convinced me to take a second look. That logo is actively harming the game because of first impressions and the abundance of bad Lethal Company knockoffs saturating the market. Although it doesn't seem like they're hurting for players thanks to word of mouth.
Shhh
Q
10 10
funny af
vraiment amusant en coop avec des amis, en solo, c'est plus
Ce qui aurait pu cool c'est de diviser le surplus d'argent en part et de reduire les couts de certaines la augmente aussi subitement le niveau 3
Un autre - nous dire game over lorsqu'il n 'y a plus d'objet serait bien, sinon on va errer une dans la map a la recherche d'objet qui n'existe pas xD
MAIS SINON le jeu est vraiment genial a faire avec des amis
Repo is a very fun game for friendsgroups of all sizes, with so many ways to do the things needed to do.
only thing is I feel like the creators should add in some achievements so you feel like your getting rewards for playing and completing tasks.
can you ban robe guy and floating head please thanks
fix tranq gun i cant aim
I sure do love dying thru wall and next game get shot at for just doing absolutely nothing.
Just play with someone, because its just the same as lethal company game play wise, AKA 'fuck you, die' moments.
fun game
Was too busy wheezing at the oncoming gnome hoard to realize grandpa was right behind me, who proceeded to shove an entire shotgun up my @ss.
funee
I recommend the game,
but there needs to be a way to see active players from in game menus,
a kick button for people who are not there to play the game.
Not everyone has friends, to play with, people are stuck and left to play the game alone.
There is a discord, that seems to let us use their discord to find players.
but using their voice channel is pointless we all just use in game voice chat anyway?
I see empty ones or people waiting for no one to join them.
I even see modded ones 20+ players that don't want to play with you.
if you post looking for a game no one replys.
But like people skip people for other people, and not everyone ends up getting to play.
I'm a live streamer on twitch, and like just to get a lobbie going, I would have to sit for hours and hours to play with someone and not every streamer is willing to colab with you to get a lobbie going.
I use to do viewer lobbies with microsoft player finder and it was so much better then whatever this is.
That discord is also gate keeping people from joining other community's once you have played with people that is their choice, if they want to join someone else discord or tune in to their streams and play with them after you find people all you gotta do is friend code and you don't need to use the discord anymore.
But yeah I don't know, but seems like the people in that discord attacked other communitys
who are trying to also build a group of people to play with everyday. but the only way to find people to play with is use their discord and use their voice chat, I don't agree with all that, but if that's how you want to do that then the games not gonna grow Bec people can't play the game if they don't have friends or people to play constantly with.
I want to play the game 10 hours a day,
I have stated that and no one has reached out to invite me or even add me at all.
So I gave up trying to find other people to play with the game is fun to play with people as I have played it but yeah I don't see the point of them having a discord and controlling it to the point no one is allowed to play with people off the discord channel.
Un joc plin de tigani!
lkjk
googoo gaga
6600xt unity crush
text to speach is great
Went in thinking I would be repossessing a poor woman's car and came out hiding in a toilet waiting for someone to open it just to say with perfect comedic timing: "Skibidi Toilet"
:P
10 10
I hated playing this game.
The game itself was fine, I just hated 99% of anyone I met playing this game.
This game left a miserable taste in my mouth every time I closed it.
I did not have any fun or enjoy playing this game, it felt worse than going to a real life job.
VERY FUN
180
10 10
P.S
For for a few rounds, but gets same-y and fairly annoying after a while. Some of the monsters just aren't very fun to deal with. Just play Lethal Company.
love the game
nice
10/10
jjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj
smecher baga i as bile
Lethal Company,
so funny
Juegazo, no te lo wa a negar
I got my $9.99's worth within the first 15 minutes of gameplay.
Gamer beware:
Playing this with friends will induce laughter.
Indubitably amazing
iyi
>Get revived along with my friend
>Pick up money bag
>"Accidentally" wack my friend in the back of the head with it killing him instantly
>Start laughing
>Seconds later get phone call irl from him telling me to go fuck myself
>Die Laughing
10/10 would "Accidentally" kill my friend again.
FUN
:
If I had encountered the rugrat before hitting 2hr in this game I would have refunded it
Banger de game design
Fun game, quickly becomes chaotic just when you think you're safe
This is 100% the funniest game of the year. IMO Lethal Company is missing something & so is Content Warning. This is EVERYTHING. Check out my yt channel mayhaps if I agree? @pryorprevails
shi tight yo
Truly an amazing game!
I wish there was a "Treasure Hunter" style game mode where you could just collect treasures without the stress of monsters, Maybe make some rooms where platforming and moving larger items are the main gimmick? My favorite part of the game is fitting all the collectibles on the C.A.R.T. and getting back to the extraction. Regardless, i await the release of random queues with bated breath!
PEAKKKK
What's the hype? Clunky controls, boring gameplay consisting of looting dark rooms, and there isn't even public matchmaking.
All around a good game and great to play with 6.
pretty rad, just needs a server browser
It's so fucking funny with friends, I touched a monster and killed 2 of my friends under a table 10/10
[][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][]
juegazo
consejo si estas en apretos dashea con shift+Q encima de un enemigo o alrededor es como una mecanica de los souls
please with friend
UwU
Nice game
super fun with friends
w game
skibidi
spooky game watched my friend's life get untimely ended and I could do nothing but watch and silently cry to myself.
Lots of fun. If you got that group of friends, definitely play it. It's such an amazing game. Very funny as well.
super fun with friends and the unique levels and monsters add a new element to the game. also the trashcan looking characters are very cool
clip farm central
its fire
Letal Company.
da duck made me review this game its great
360
great game very fun with other people
nao gritaaaaa 2
LA D.A RAFALE, LE GAMEPLAY TABASSE, BREF, UN BANGER EN SOMME.
fking shit
blind guy makes the game be played at a crawling pace or die because he's silent and can hear u from 7 rooms away. can't recommend till they fix his AI or give him any audio whatsoever. Basically lethal company but without the fun aspect
Ta chistoso compralo
)
You Can Pet The Duck!
10/10
0.1.2 eh?
This game could be "done" and it'd already have earned its Overwhelmingly Positive reviews. Can't wait to see where this goes.
Literally the best game I've ever played
ta chido
180 10
BUENARDOOOOOOOOOOO, esta piola con los compas, muchas risas. Es al estilo lethal company pero mucho mejor 10/10
fun but doesnt work properly on steamdeck
game is so buns i wish i had my 10$ back in my bank. 1/10
Fwaeh homixide homixide
Entretenido como la mayoria de los juegos de este estilo
Juego muy top, es una lastima que no puedas follarte al a poseida o al abuelo
I LOVE IT!
really fun stuff, haven't had this feeling since lethal company first released back in 2023
yes.
You can shoot yourself
360
very fun
dont touch the duck
its the funniest game ive ever played and is grate with friends
very fun
WHY SO HARD :(
10 10
Bolivianooooooooo!
now this is a game. 10 out of 10 would recommend
banger
my butt hurts so bad
Es un Juegaso Para Jugar con amigos, Son risas y horas de entretenimiento, 100% recomendado hasta mi pc del gobierno lo aguanta :) Los amigos vienen por separado
Up Down Up Down Up Down Up Down Up Down
We love turning around to a huntsman staring you down!
weeee
Its so stressful. I don't think I could play it by myself. But it's an amazing game to play with friends! 5/5
fun game to scream with your friends
this game is filled with baddies ngl
me cague de la risa y miedo al mismo tiempo 10/10
Buen juego para jugar con amigos.
recomendado
compralo, metete a un discord de repo y disfruta.
FUN E
good
Si, pero un si de Risa.
yes
Got chased and eaten by a rubber ducky as my friends watched and died hysterically of laughter, 10 / 10 I would do it all over again, 10 bucks well spent 100% id buy it all over again.
game of the year hands down
The worst part of this game is the logo, it completely gives the wrong idea.
Absolutely one of the best entries in the "crushing capitalism loot collect-a-thon with monsters" genre
Its a game that is enjoyed with friends most. Playing solo may be fun for horror game players. Its a lot of fun, and I hope the developers keep adding things to the game.
-
[h1]A Great Time![/h1]
I remember when I saw this game on the Steam store and looked at it a little and saw that it was a Lethal Company-esque game or as others would call it a Lethal Company clone. Which in some regard is true, you and some friends explore a map for items in which you collect to be able to earn money to pay for upgrades and to keep trekking on.
However I think what this game did was take what [i]Lethal Company[/i] (2023) did and in ways not necessarily improved, but made more enjoyable. From a in game proximity chat, that I still feel Lethal Company has still a slight crown on in comparison, but this game's in game proximity chat is still great, but also a text to chat system that is both useful and hilarious. From also the fact that the monsters in this game also can hear you, so be willing to communicate sparingly.
Instead of bringing items back to a ship in order to extract with them, and then sell them later on for profit, you collect various items throughout the map and bring them back to an extraction point and have to meet a certain requirement amount of worth to that point in order to continue on. If you go over that quota it returns that difference back in a cash bag for you to take with you onto the next extraction point.
However it isn't as simple as it sounds, yes there are monsters, yes there is hiding, and also you can damage the very items
you are attempting to collect. Yes if you handle the goods poorly you will lower their worth or even break them completely making it harder to meet that requirement.
What is nice though, is that even if your friends during the game get take out, you can collect their robo heads and put them in the extraction point, so once you do meet the quota and your friends heads are there, you can essentially bring them back from the dead and continue on with them. However whoever died and gets brought back only has 1/100 health, so they could just as easily be lost once again.
I had a blast the other day playing this with my friends and clipped like under twenty different hilarious moments from when we played. Been a good long time since I had a lot of fun like this since Lethal Company's release.
I do very much recommend this game to play with friends!
9/10
soundpad
Drole et funnn :)
i feed my friend to a floating head 10/10
Incredible
Play this
mis "amigos" me trollean 10/10
Lethal Company 4
i know the mascot makes this look like slop, but its actually good
Fun, spooky, silly, multiplayer. Nice
SoundPad
SoundPad
Muy gracioso lol
yare yare
This is a honest to god amazing game, y'all do some really good work and I would love to see this game grow and the devs to fine tune how they create new games in the future. But, nothing is ever absolutely perfect, As of the early access some of the enemies I feel are too strong. it can be a fun challenge to overcome them. But I think you should study up on all the enemies before jumping straight into this game.
ye~
What'chall know bout the human grenade
g
funny af, can be scary, great tts and prox voice chat. would recommend
chido
Mint
yea
nice game
A shit your pants of a good time! We were laughing for hours playing this with a friend group.
10/10,
it's like if you had a videogame and there was a game and the point was basically to sum it up: there's a game and pretty much the game wants you to so like your main objective is for like if you wanted to play the game you would have to sorta like the developer's intended goal within the game is so uh imagine the game is aimed towards like if you wanted to play it and or play the game you may or may not have to partake in certain gaming tasks like maybe if you had the game and within the boundaries of said game it wouldn't be unexpected for you to have to play it pretty much.
20-30
game funny, its my first horror/funny game. 10/10 would recommend for how cheap it is
fun with friends
The mascot needs to go, the sprint regen needs to be raised, and the weapon/drone/useful item prices are a little bit high, but besides that this game is perfect 10/10 i love you semiwork
Falling down the stairs while my friend gets beaten to death by a clown
peak game play
even better physics
i love playing with others and seeing them all huddled up under a desk or something. the cutest thing! it always makes me laugh when someone is knocked down and i could just pick em up.
I LOVE REPO
This game is as terrifying as it is hilarious. I have never laughed so hard and been so freaked out at a game. playing on M4 Pro Mac mini using crossover and it plays perfectly.
Lethal company with physics and gnomes
super fun game. reminds me of the time id play lethal with friends. a simple yet extremely funny game. also fun modded.
I really like the visuals, controls, and core gameplay.
The issue is the rough edges are really really rough.
If an item is too big, or barely expands past the bounds of the little box where you submit treasures, poof, it's gone and you are potentially softlocked.
Get ready to watch your friends for 15-20 minutes while they scramble to find any additional treasure.
The throw-up monster wastes time in the early game, and often ends up causing said soft-locks when there's only one team member left.
High hopes for the game in the future, but for now I'm refunding because some of these aspects don't seem well thought out.
thats why they call me the rat.
My friend touched an old blind man and he shot me dead. 10/10
its fun
fun funny :)
Best Co-op horror since Lethal Company
amo
me and my buddy had a blast getting murdered by some crazy shit the ducks my fave so far iykyk good times especially if ur drinkin with friends
Hilarious and fun
In gamve voice chat is amazing with friends
Tons of fun with friends! From babies throwing massive cubes to giving a buddy a swirly, this game has a lot of potential going forward! Round up a group of friends or some randoms to have a ton of fun!
ass kul
Text to speech makes any game funny.
Incrivel e os caralho recomendo dmsss
Hilarious Game
Play with your friends, or (unlike lethal company,) play alone comfortably. It's such a defined addition to the Quote-Horror genre and definitely does it the best of all. The attention to detail to bring out the hilarity of the games style is very welcome. W Devs; W Game; W Laughs
LOVE THIS GAME BUT PLEASE ADD ONLINE LOBBY SERVERS
Edit 1, I installed mods and got some insight at 17 hours playtime:
- So I found a bunch of mods to fix the annoying issues with game design choices the devs went with, and honestly it just made me dislike the game even more.
- The mod that shows enemies on the map revealed to me that they are indeed on other rooms even if you cannot hear a single sound of them until they are right in your face or insta-killing you from behind, this issue is even worse than I wrote before that they can literally spawn in the same room as you are just around a corner. In other words, even with the cheat to know enemy positions anytime they can still catch you off-guard.
- I watched some videos on the topic and there is a whole despawn-respawn mechanic to vanish monsters and put them close to players on a timer, and killing them only extends the timer. As you can imagine it's quite stupid, you often lure them away or witness them go to a dead end only to not be found, or dodge them only to find them again on the way back (especially after finishing last extract, causing a "leave one extract near truck" meta to form)
- Stamina is stupid, having more only makes traversal less painful, I think they should condense upgrades into less things to choose from.
- A mod called "Team Upgrades" is wonderful and helps reducing the issue of diluting shop resources across teams, but doesn't solve it completely.
- One of the mods is a public lobbies thing but it often has scuffed games with way too many server-side mods. I truly despise memelords in public lobbies, I set my audio default to 25% and sometimes is still too loud, 7+ player modded lobbies the UI is offscreen so you cannot even mute some people.
- This game doesn't have the problem of too little inventory slots because you can just put everything in a cart, but the problem now is that you depend on the cart like a ball and chain on your ankle and the whole team is tied together on carts, and the ones who aren't carry huge items with drones and strenght just don't have enough slots to carry equipment.
- I thought the devs were considerate when you could disable camera animations but the flashlight wobble started giving me motion sickness, but thankfully there was a mod that fixed that, sadly some camera FOV changes are still forced which are disorienting but rare enough to let it be. Without mods I literally would not be able to play anymore or even watch videos or streams after noticing wobble.
- After thinking a lot about the game I realize that there is no content past the immediate value that the content creators show, the game is miserable with strangers, is miserable alone, and is so much worse without QoL mods like FOV and tweaks. I burned out from the game trying to make it work, I wish to never hear another garbage microphone from inconsiderate players ever again, but honestly I just feel disappointment and regret.
Original review at 5 hours playtime:
+ This is the first game inspired by Lethal company that actually got my attention, the gameplay of course, it took my favorite content creator to show me the gameplay. I never even liked LC even though I watched that a lot, but this game Repo activates something primal in the brain I couldn't resist and bought it.
- I actually bumped into this game once on the Steam Discovery Queue before it went viral, I dismissed it immediately upon seeing the banner and logo of the game, it's so disgustingly off-putting that no one that I know wants to even consider buying it, they really need to change/remove the cringe laughing emoji for the long tail sales after the fad dies out.
- Until they add matchmaking, trying to play with strangers is a chore requiring third party services (bunch of discord servers LFG) to get together.
- Not having in-game matchmaking and having no steam friends that play this is a major negative for me.
- I haven't reached "endgame" meta yet but it already plagued the community, no one wants to try out off meta items, and since money is shared it's hard to convince people to try them because "you're wasting our money"
- Also that means that the more players the less upgraded everyone is, it really hinders progression and playstyle building and dilutes benefits. I believe they need to apply the upgrades to everyone, or at least full heal between rounds, because right now you can feel like the shop only matters in solo or duos.
- I absolutely hate online strangers, especially the memelords, usually teenager dudes. Please add a matchmaking and allow a toggle for them to filter out no-mic players so I can just find people who are ok with players that do not talk much.
- Playing solo is EXTREMELY punishing, it's very easily to just wipe due to no mistakes at all with no chance of recovery unlike it does happen in multiplayer with delivering player heads and all.
- Add sound cues for the blind guy enemy, he is absolutely silent it's unfair how deadly he is. His attack is very fast basically instant, his attack is ranged and it's basically a hitscan, 360 noscope.
a wonderful fucking time
GOOB
luvvvvv it so much
It good
looking for group i am currently streaming
10/10
EXCELENTE JUEGO PARA JUGAR ALCOHOLIZADO CON TUS AMIGOS
this game is honestly so much fun, your friends will make this game 10x better
After 30 Hours of playing R.E.P.O and having never played a game similar to this before, I would heavily recommend this game. Whether you are playing solo or with friends this game is extremely enjoyable and well worth the low cost. There is minimal levels currently but with random generation and random assortment of monsters it doesn't feel repetitive.
Give it a crack 100%, worth the money.
DEF ONE OF MY TOP 3 GAMES RIGHT NOW
Such a fun silly goofy game :D
Verry funny and nice game to play with friend's it's the best at the moment, leave it exactly how it is add only multyplayer lobby with another player's
banger
GOTY
gud
Every time I've played this game I've learned something new about an enemy, a map, or an item.
Sometimes completely new and never before seen things too.
As someone who played lethal company a ton, I really hope these guys keep updating the game with lots more Easter eggs and fun little details because it's taken the concept to an entirely new and exciting level.
You might find yourself enjoying it too when you give it a chance.
Casual yet thrilling and challenging fun! Gamespot 10/10
I love tis game
5
This is 1000% the next big co-op horror looter game. Super innovative and stupid funny
i like to hit my friends with a frying pan
put me in the cart
FIre game, love the silly goober bots, lethal company if it had silly guys instead of the astronaut dudes imo
hopefully they add a way to join with randoms
Please let me invert my mouse
This game is Just as, if not more enjoyable than Lethal
They added the boiled one to REPO.
MEGA! WER ES NICHT KAUFT SELBST SCHULD :D der Verpasst was
a very fun game it is the first scary game that made me jump so hard i 100% recommend this game
take the enemies and gameplay of lethal company, the comedy of content warning, and the teamwork needed for overcooked and you have R.E.P.O
With friends its probably the most fun you can have for 12 dollars.
That game is very funny in coop wish you could join randoms and im a controller player. had to make an emulator to be able to play. but hey! the game just launched im still giving a 5/5
a more fun more charming lethal company
100% recomendable, un cago de risa. Juegazo.
incredible, honestly best game since lethal (and better imo)
peak
press the little plush clowns nose twice
It's heat ngl
hella fun
I love the game I just wish there was controller support
Repo repo
this is game of the year.
good game fun
not really worth it. If you have people to play with that's great, but if not then it gets boring.
No matchmaking or option to play with a controller is a bummer. Make sure you have friends to play with cause their are objects in the game that cannot be moved solo even with str upgrades. Trying to move or push a piano down 1 ft wide twisting hallways solo is not fun at all. Overall design and concept of the game is good, but no controller support, matchmaking, and solo moving large objects down long narrow passages makes the game more unfun than fun. I watched a stream of 3 people playing the game and it looked way easier when moving objects and dealing with enemies, so playing with other people seems like the way to go. Also I know they are planning on adding matchmaking in the future but it is not in the game as of this review.
R.E.P.O. is definitely one of those games i'll keep playing for a while but not everyday. It very fun, quick paced (if you make it), and funny. It combines elements of comedy and horror which makes for a great game. It also comes at a good price! Probably one of the best games of year already! 10/10 would recommend to any of your friends.
very goofy
More fun in 102 minutes than 70 hours into a 70 dollar game.
Antes de este juego estaba sumido en una depresion y no salia de mi habitacion para nada, ahora gracias a el sigo en una profundisima depresion y sin salir de mi peor me rio un poco.
TRASH GAME!
instant fun and so hilarious with friends
Its nide
Fun with friends.
[h1][b]R.E.P.O.[/b][/h1]
[h3][b][u][i]A Chaotic Co-Op Horror Experience[/i][/u][/b][/h3]
[i]R.E.P.O.[/i] is a unique blend of physics-based chaos, teamwork, and horror. Developed by [b]semiwork[/b], this game throws players into high-risk missions where precision, communication, and a bit of luck determine whether you escape with valuable get wrecked by the horrors lurking in the dark.
[hr][/hr]
High-Stakes, High-Chaos Gameplay[/b][/h2]
In [i]R.E.P.O.[/i], you and your team play as retrieval robots, sent into dangerous environments to recover valuable items. The catch? These locations are filled with unpredictable, deadly entities, and your only tools are physics-based mechanics and whatever teamwork you can muster. The game hold your mishaps, hilarious blunders, and moments of sheer panic.
Physics-Based Madness[/b][/h2]
One of the standout mechanics in [i]R.E.P.O.[/i] is its physics-driven gameplay. Picking up, carrying, and extracting objects is a challenge in itself, often leading to tense and ridiculous situations. Expect moments where you're frantically dragging an object while your teammate is being [i]launched[/i] across the room by an unseen force. The wonky, unpredictable physics add a layer of difficulty that makes every mission both frustrating and hilarious.
Horror That Hits Hard[/b][/h2]
Don't let the comedic physics fool delivers genuine horror. The enemy AI is ruthless, and the eerie environments, paired with unsettling sound design, keep you on edge. a constant push-and-pull between messing around with your teammates and realizing that something [b]really bad[/b] is creeping up behind you.
Best Played With Friends[/b][/h2]
While the game can be played solo, it truly shines in co-op. Communication and coordination are key, but the unpredictable physics make teamwork a test of patience and skill. Whether you're accidentally slamming doors on each other or botching an escape plan, the multiplayer experience guarantees unforgettable moments.
[hr][/hr]
Final Verdict[/h3]
[i]R.E.P.O.[/i] is a hidden gem in the co-op horror genre. It blends humor, tension, and chaos in a way few games do. If you enjoy physics-based gameplay, high-stakes teamwork, and unpredictable horror, this game is an absolute must-try. Just be ready for things to go [b]horribly wrong[/b] in the most entertaining way possible.
[b]Rating: 8.5/10 Pure, chaotic fun with a side of horror.[/b]
Euska.
Ta god, jugarlo con amigos es un cague de risa pero jugarlo solo no es tan divertido
Lethal Company.
muy divertido y vale lo mismo que una coca grande
MUITO DIVERTIDO
Got booty raped by two fat white honkeys and 1 australian cunt. 10/10
Juegazo
TA MUY NA5I
Cant wait for new Maps, Monsters and items to be added
PHUN E
Nesse jogo ou ta rachando o bico ou ta matando os seus colegas de trabalho. Muito bom, recomendo pra quem tem amigos! Me assustei um monte com esse treco.
this game is absolutely terrific. funny moments, scary moments, jump scares and easy to play. highly recommend with a good group of friends
ESTA BUENISIMO
this game is fun until you die in the first 2 minutes and sit afk dead for 45 minutes
so SIGMA AND FUNNI
I love it! from the heads bobbing so you know who's talking, to the enemies being WAY to powerful (skill issue I know) this game is well rounded and I'm super interested in learning more about the lore of this post-apocalyptic land, filled with nightmarish Creatures!
it just needs achievements and it'll be perfect in my book! stuff like "revive a friend" "30 win streak in king of the losers" "survive the big black man" "defeat the floating head" "miss every shot at point blank" and a bunch of other fun things to do in this game!
I FUCKING HATE GNOMES
really fun and kinda like lethal company
really fun
a perfect adaptation of my real life. Groundbreaking.
game
gud
Le di un cocazo a mi amigo y volando, a otro lo mataron xq me 10/10, que buen juego, me hizo reir mucho
- Comprei o jogo
- Minha amiga se convenceu a comprar
- Coletamos vasos
- Quebramos um diamante e quase falimos
- Encontrei um velho cego, gritei e tomei um tiro
vale cada centavo e ainda pra botar mods
amazing game. very fun to play with friends! highly recommend! :)
Based schizoposting game.
pretty sigma :steammocking: (please work)
No, no es otro juego de looteo, es el juego de looteo. Si lo que quieres es pasar ratos de risa incontenible con tus amigos este es tu juego, el de los avatares es una pasada, te hace sentir que eres parte de una de comedia; no te para no spoilearte la experiencia, solo y para sin parar.
Pd. Manden soli para jugar xD
Punishing game. Lots of downtime due to it being punishing. Laggy P2P connection. Gameplay loop that gets boring fast. Stick to watching some youtuber's supercut, save you a buck. They have an emoji as the face of the game for god's sake, can you get more creatively bankrupt?
good fun cant wait to see what more they do
Absolutely hilarious. Not that many horror games out there that can make me laugh and crap myself at the same time. All around a good time. Highly recommend.
outstanding
10/10
I like to kill people
the lethal company diccriders in the reviews is crazy
the game is lowkey more polished than that so idk bruh
its fun imo
This game is very funny with friends. I saw it on the devs' Tiktok account before it was released and I'm glad it's getting attention. If the banner is making you hesitate please ignore it and still get the game. That emoji face is no where in the actual game lol.
muy bueno
Absolutely the funniest game I think Ive ever played loll. 10/10
Killed via explosion, Killed via :skull:, Killed via vomit, Killed via impact
anyways 10/10
W game to play with friends (without em is pmo)
This game is so much fun. It makes the horror aspects less scary by how silly and ridiculous you can be with your friends. The monsters are interesting and the fragile nature of the loot makes it all the more chaotic. Have had a great time playing with friends so far!
Probably one of the greatest games ever made! I cant get enough of the hilarious moments with my friends. And its terrifying to play alone. 10/10 for me!
buen juego me metieron a un water
l
Great!
Daora
This game is like lethal company but more focused on the aspects. I love picking up this turkish guy I play with and feeding to the gnomes. better then lethal company
Why is there literally just a baby as an enemy 10 out of 10
NIKO NEVER HOPS ON REPO
10/10 would play again with the right friends
incredible!
better then lethal
This game is a must with friends, only laughs and giggles.
10/10 Masterpiece
I played this for the first time yesterday with some fellow streamers as part of my first collaboration. Those 4 hours were some of the funniest I've had in a long time. Hiding terrified from monsters, cracking jokes with the hourglass, and just in general having fun with five other friends was a blast. I fully recommend getting a group together and spending a few hours hanging out. I'm not usually one for multiplayer, but this game kept me entertained the whole way through. Goated game.
Que mas se puede pedir es muy divertido.
GOD
Highly recommend, if you have friends.
Fantastic Game, awesome enemies. But the devs really need to get rid of the emoji face on the steam page, makes it look like one of those scam Roblox games.
CHANGE THE GOD DAM BANNER
Fun
Neat
good
One of the best games i've played, it is exceptionally better with more players. One of, if not, the best game to play with friends.
Hilarious
hi dash
While I don't think R.E.P.O. is quite the quality of Lethal Company just yet, I can comfortably inform you that this game has an immense amount of potential. It is horrifying and hilarious at the same time, and the proximity voice chat adds so much to the experience. R.E.P.O. is a beautifully crafted indie horror game that hooked me from the very beginning and I could not recommend it more.
SUPER FUN
fun
This Is probably one of my favorite games of the year. I 100% recommend this game to anyone looking for a cheep game to play with friends.
Boy I sure do love filing my taxes!
yes
scary
com 30 minutos venho dizer que jogo da prr quase infartei com o o fd q tenho ninguem pra jogar junto no momento (agr tenho)
fun
Got hit with a frying pan and was then picked up by my team and then thrown into the open arms of a man with a shotgun 11/10
JUST YES
Playing with friends, this game is absolutely hilarious and very enjoyable. Once you really get the hang of how to play it is very easy to waste six hours before you know it.
esta bueno el juego pero tengo una y es que agreguen una para que cuando se le cae el Internet a alguien se pueda unir a la partida inicia nuevamente pero el juego en si esta pero le falta eso
I got head
peak
I joked this was TEMU Lethal Company, and that's still true, but it's incredibly fun. The physics addition, the game play loop, the upgrades, and the monsters are all well done.
Also, those diamonds are made of glass. I touch it to the ground and it explodes. 0/10 for realistic diamonds, 10/10 because our one friend continues to survive far past everyone else. She's our designated survivor. We're going to feed her every upgrade.
Game is amazing, great competitor to lethal company
Un juego con mecanicas faciles que permite de una buena tarde de juegos con amigos :)
Bastante skibidi sigma
no me gusta, es algo personal. el juego esta bueno.
game is actually funny and cool im looking for more people to play it as my friends dont really play games liike this much honestly
Let start off by same the game balance is really bad. Meaning level 1 is manageable but level 2 is already way too hard.
Part of the reason is those bastard gnomes can waltz right into your extraction point and break everything you're trying to extract which means it takes even longer and the resources you can pick up are finite at best.
Another Problem is your base stats are trash and if you don't have a weapon to fight back, and you've been seen you're screwed. No way to evade and no way to counter. That's bad game design and a cock-up cascade all in one.
Lastly, the's nothing engaging with what I'm doing. Zip. Zero. Ziltch. Nada. If you're going to do something lime that at least make the world interesting. Getting a refund. Don't buy this game until there's a balance patch.
It feels like lethal company but scaled down then scaled down some more.
minha amizade com lethal company acabou. meu melhor amigo se chama R.E.P.O.
Fun game with friends
This game is genuinely so fun. I don't want to put religion into this but Its so hard to find fun horror games without pentagrams or Luige boards. Please keep the game completely fictional. Its nice to have a game with originality and getting a break from controversial topics. I seriously enjoy this game and recommend to a lot of people. Also I have an idea for a weapon if you want some ideas. Something like an rpg but you reload it with all types of grenades would be fun. Anyways thanks for making this game
My teammates threw me at the blind man for fun
Super fun to play wish the stamina depleted a little slower also wish the items where a little more valuable for weapons a such I think this game is going to be a huge hit and once the full game is out I cant wait to see what kind of monsters and other maps there going to add.
funny
bateu de frente com o lethal company
Great game with attentive devs
god
tis good game
fun
El reloj de arena 10/10
A1
this game is so peak it got me laid by a goth fem boy named Emilio Martinez
Fantastic game, developers actually know what their doing!
fire game
The clown is the hottest monster ever
Amazing game, scary and terrifying but extremely fun and funny too, i highly recommend playing this game!
fun
Got chased by a duck then exploded to a sword girl 10 10
good game
funniest shit i have ever played
epico
mother help
super funny game, devs seem really passionate and responsive to community, cant wait to see this game improve even further
This game took Lethal Company's idea and improved it in all possible ways. Can't wait to see more content and QoL features added, keep up the good work
and change the steam page image please, the emoji looks cool but it doesn't express anything about the game
everything except the baby and the duck
Best 10 dollars I have ever spent.
Lethal company, but you work for a warehouse
VERY FUN EVEN WITHOUT FRIENDS :D
otro juego copia de lethal company pero con menos mecanicas y menos mapa para explorar ya es tedioso que saquen juegos copia de otros es un juego que probablemente juegues dos veces con tus amigos y lo dejes olvidado en la biblioteca por que vas a jugar el mismo free to play de siempre no lo puedo recomendar
Eye
Amo, jajja bien divertido, espero le sigan metiendo cosas pero con lo que tiene, entretiene para bastante rato, aunque si obligatorio tener gente
10 out of 10 amazing game and so much fun with friends, hope to be able to keep streaming it and messing with my friends lol
Absolutely hilarious game
great game so fun with friends and absolutely love the character models the muppet like heads and side-eyeability 10/10. I like the different monsters and how they can effect the loot- my only gripe is the monster AI, sometimes the monsters stay wayyy too long in a room or return to the same space over and over, there was a moment we were waiting minutes for it to leave and it kind of slowed gameplay. Please ditch the emoji mascot for the character for the love of christ, I'm glad I'm not the only one who absolutely hates this. Anyways looking forward to any future updates!
Proximity chat is a blast, horror elements somehow make the game way more funnier than you would expect, text to speech is super useful all around amazing game so far, can wait for future updates
recently swapped from xbox to pc. This game is exactly the type of games i got a pc for. 10$ and has blessed me more joy than many AAA games.
goated
10/10 Additionally a multiplayer with servers if your friends not online, will fit really well.
funny asf
game is funny asf and lets you say the N-word in an AI voice. very fun to record too
This game is fun, challenging, and funny. I recommend this game if you have at least one friend to play with and have good internet. After 30 minutes of playing this became one of my favorite games and it was very cheap so definitely worth the price. Also, idk why everyone hates on the thumbnail. They probably don't get that the taxman (emoji) is who the game is focused on.
goty
Such a silly fun concept
personellement je trouve que c'est le jeu de
i love when he says "it's recover extract profit operateing time" and then recover extract profit operatings all over
this game is a needle in a haystack, I don't typically write serious reviews but this one got me. If you like lethal company- GET THIS! It's 1000000x better. Devs are working hard to bring new content (we love that) and the game is mixture of scary, fun, adorable and overall just amazing! Super fun.
Quite fun game.
best game ever
Its probably the most fun co-op horror that I've played in a while.
This game. is very funny, a bit innovative, there are some flaws, not enough for me not recommend it but, enough for me to notice. When you die, spectating people is pretty boring, maybe add a way to either 1. toy with your friends, or 2. (the simpler one) make death animations for when your friend is kill by a monster, like getting vaporized after being killed by the laser clown thingy. Second of all, the money is a bit undervalued, it makes it seem like your always on hardcore mode, maybe add either different difficulties, or increase the power of the money. Apart from that, i love the physics of the objects, how to counter the enemies, the enemies (add more please), the gameplay loop (ramping difficulty and upgrades), and how funny this game is.
PEAK
Incredible game. I do hope they add way more maps (and maybe new mechanics?) in the future. But as an early access game, It's awesome. Funny ah ah text-to-speech
I will say, after purchasing this game I played it for almost 7 hours straight the second night with my friends. The comedic timing and monsters being able to listen to players add thousands of different player experiences, whether you're the one exploding, the one watching someone explode, or getting hit across the room by another flying object, this game will deliver.
I will say I have noticed small kinks in the game, which being early access is overwhelmingly surprising that there is so little to notice, but after getting the hang of the game which takes roughly 3 or 4 sessions, grab your friend (Literally) and jump into the loving hands of The Apex Predator.
Game is so good that I keep peeing my pants while playing this. Only downside I could give is that I don't like to play games in soggy trousers.
9/10 recommend
(fix the pee in pants problem)
yay
W game
yes
this is a good ghame tell your friends to buy it or send them $5 to buy it
10/10 buen juego
tengo mas muertes por mis que las mismas criaturas
Muito bom
very repo
No matchmaking.
good game but i tried to pick up a duck and wasn't friendly
Very fun game, 100% recommend
Very funny, very chaotic! Must play!
tts goated!
Not cool got shotgunned by an old guy after I played him fetty wap. Still a good game though
REPO A Promising Co-op Horror Experience
Hours Played: 1.7
REPO is a tense co-op horror game that blends survival, strategy, and teamwork. You and your team take on contracts to recover valuable assets from eerie, hostile environments while avoiding deadly threats. Though I played much yet, the atmosphere and gameplay loop show a lot of potential.
The Good
✅ Creepy, Tense Atmosphere The environments are dark, unsettling, and full of suspense.
✅ Teamwork is Essential Playing with others adds to the tension and immersion, making survival feel rewarding.
✅ Engaging Objective-Based Gameplay Instead of just running and hiding, you need to complete objectives while staying alive.
✅ Great Co-op Potential Like Phasmophobia or GTFO, REPO shines when played with friends.
The Bad
❌ Early-Game Feels a Bit Clunky Controls and movement could feel more polished.
❌ Limited Content (So Far) With just 1.7 hours in, unclear how much variety there is in missions and threats.
❌ AI & Enemy Behavior Could Improve Some encounters felt a bit inconsistent, but updates might refine this.
Final Verdict
With limited playtime, REPO shows strong potential as a co-op horror game, especially for those who love tense, objective-driven survival horror. If you enjoy games like Phasmophobia or Lethal Company, this is worth keeping an eye on.
Rating: 7.5/10 (Early Impressions) Creepy, cooperative, and full of potential.
mickle pickle is a bum, stop these bums
I WOULD'T EVEN KEEP THIS GAME IN MY LIBRARY!
Best game we ever played with my friends! It was a fun experience and we had a blast together!
But I hope you can added an autosave feature during whenever the quota has been reached, it sometimes makes me wonder if we saved progress whenever gonna restart the level If there is maybe blind
Still it is an enjoyable gameee!
yeah. good game
achei um jogo muito divertido e amplo, tendo varias maneiras de derrotar os inimigos e de passar a fase
Very fun
fantastic, perfect with friends, funniest game i've played in a long time
Peak
COMP
lethal company but with more wimsical and better
Son 6300 varos
Very fun to play with friends! 10/10
ES SUPER ENTRETENIDO JUGARLO CON AMIGOS :dddd
it is fun, yuh
Highlyu
very entertaining game best with friends the more the better up to 6 people which is a nice change and its comedy
divertido jaja
Ta Bueno Compralo
Bueno para empezar es divertido pasarlo con tus amigos a pesar que se le rompan las cosas xd (y falte el online por ahora) y claro tiene practicamente el mismo objetivo que muchos juegos vistos hasta ahora [Lethal company Content warning Murky divers Dark Hours y alguno por ahi.]
Pero no le quita lo divertido enserio compralo realmente no pierdes nada por unas risas recuerda que acaba de salir asi que no pidas algo super pulido diviertete y evita romper cosas
PERRO SANCHEZ DIMITEEEE
game good
Puras cosas bien raras compralo y te arepentiras de no haber jugado (ya no puedo decir cosa funables)
Total goofy fun. Even when i'm hollering because I'm scared, I'm still laughing pretty hard. Get your besties together and pay the tax man
get a group of people to play this game and you will have fun for HOURS. Highly reccommend
ff!
desde que que a jugar este juego, tengo menos temor de robar casa, y de golpear a la de propiedad privada es !Divertida!
I will change this to a recommend if you remove the baby enemy from the game. It got into our extraction point and threw and broke all of the items we were turning in and it softlocked the level by not leaving enough items left in the level to turn in.
goooooooooooodd
goty
simple et efficace.
horreur, un peu de surprise au mais on si habitue vite 1h de jeu.
Par contre niveau humour, une Si vous n'avez pas trop la joie de vivre, je le recommande. Je me suis taper des giga fou rire.
Jeu valider 100%
Very fun game to play with friends 10/10 would recommend
Unironically one of the most refreshing and fun horror games ive played in so long
it is very cool and funny yes wowwww
Fun and comical game to play with friends and family
game good yes good
ebt fart cards
Really fun game with friends.
It is super fun with friends! I laughed so hard when I played with my group.
greatest multiplayer horror game 10/10
yes
yakub
Genuine peak
peak game
joe biden
10/10
very addictive! finally a lethal company clone i'm excited about. the gameplay feels way smoother than LC and the vibes are really great too. definitely a lot of fun for 10 bucks
Quite challenging for some at first (me) but very easy to catch on and have a blast with. Get a few friends together and have an awesome time watching everyone die
Nothing like running around as a bullet vibrator going shopping. While there have been some game breaking bugs. It's honestly such a good time. I recommend.
Goty
show
DO NOT THINK THIS GAME HAS ANYTHING TO DO WITH THE EMOJI ON THE TITLE. IT DOES NOT. THE GAME IS ACTUALLY GOOD AND DOESN'T HAVE MUCH EMOJI CONTENT IN IT.
Really fun game! specially with friends, they will be adding a matchmaking lobby some time soon, but honestly if your into Lethal Company, you are for sure going to like this game!
Great game, look forwards to more
uh huh
oh my god tis game is so fun
game hard but fun me recommend
funny
very nice :)
juego muy bueno, un cague de risa si lo juegas con amigos
Juego de mierda lo odio nunca debio existir
i love throwing my friends into a blind guy with a gun :)
We love the Taxman.
this game is absolutely amazing. So entertaining and funny to play with friends, the player models are hilarious and the proximity chat is the cherry on top. This game is amazing I highly recommend it to everyone
Amazing with friends
funny and good game
goofy
diguly googly
It's funny XD
O jogo e bom. O problema e ter amigos pra jogar. 11/10
O problema e ter amigos.
Manda pedido : 900857871
Demasiado divertido, solo hace le falta que te puedas conectar con otros jugadores que no seas tus amigos y todo bien de resto todo bello
ew
El juego esta muy bacano, tanto para pasar el tiempo solo o con amigos, tiene diferentes gamas de pensamiento y eso es lo mas atractivo que uno puede tener, lo recomiendo para y meter unos gritos
Only 4 hours played but this game is so fun, 100% recommend. Just don't pick up the lil duck, i promise thats the last thing you wanna do. I love that you can pick your friends up and help them up get certain items. Another thing is the robots speak what you type, I think that's really cool!
good game
Un juegazo el cual va a hacer odiar a tus amigos por lo estupidos que son, pero las risas no faltaran.
Jogo muito bom! Ri horrores com meus amigos.
Lethal Company but even more awesome
game is hilariously funny, cant help but laugh when the boss of the map is chasing your friends! would deffo recommend!
The game is def fun the only issue is controller support but thats an easy solution.
Muy bueno para jugar con amigos, un cago de risa
vary fun
lethal but different
Me and my 4 infants love this game! It's really brought us together and bonding has been quite an experience. I have to say that I am most fond of the floating head character, he's really cute but he has a scary side to him that I bet he really is ashamed of and doesn't want other people to see. I rate this game a 9/10, -1 because one of my infantiles started crying when she saw the little head with arms on the ground.
this game is so fun with some scary monsters great time with friends 10/10 not a game i normally play cuz i dont really like scary games but the fun n funny things going on evens it out
I'm scared
You cannot pet the duck
CINE
its alright
funni
BLYAATT
R.E.P.O to jedna z tych gier, dreszcz emocji na plecach, w momencie, kiedy z innymi graczami w trybie multiplayer. w mierze jest to indie, gra i trzyma w niezapomniane w klimacie horroru. Czy jednak jest wart naszej uwagi? Przekonajmy
i
R.E.P.O wprowadza nas do mrocznego, gdzie gracze w postacie w grze o nie jest zbytnio w klasycznym sensie, ale to tajemnicza atmosfera i elementy przedstawionego klimat grozy. W grze wcielamy w musi z nadprzyrodzonymi z innymi graczami, aby
Mechanika Gry
Pod mechaniki R.E.P.O elementy horroru z klasycznym multiplayerem. Gra polega na kooperacji graczami, nieznanym jest kluczowa, a decyzje do nieoczekiwanych konsekwencji. Gra ma jednak elementy rywalizacji. Gracze ale i nawzajem, co dodaje dreszczyku
jest fakt, mecz inaczej, od dokonanych przez graczy. Gra nie trzyma jednej linii fabularnej, czemu rozgrywka inna. lokacje i rodzaje gra nie staje nudna po kilku godzinach.
Grafika i
R.E.P.O zaskakuje znakomicie oddaje mroczny klimat horroru. nie jest to produkcja AAA, gra ma specyficzny styl surowy, cieni, z akcentem na detale, uczucie strachu. W z i gra skutecznie buduje groza to wszystko sprawia, niejednokrotnie gracz ma za siebie, nie co czai za rogiem.
Tryb Multiplayer
Jednym z kluczowych gry jest tryb multiplayer. Rozgrywka w grupie to prawdziwe wyzwanie, gdzie decyzja ma znaczenie. Gracze na wsparcie innych, ale w sytuacjach kryzysowych szybko i precyzyjnie. Gra wymaga ale nie brakuje rywalizacji, do rozgrywki nieco momenty, gdzie jeden z graczy zdradza swoich zaufanie staje zasobem w tej grze.
Problemy i Utrudnienia
Jak to bywa w grach indie, R.E.P.O nie jest wolne od drobnych technicznych. Czasem z gry, co do i z rozgrywki. Ponadto, rozgrywka jest mechaniki, jak na interakcje z przedmiotami, czasem zbyt trudne do opanowania, co graczy.
Podsumowanie
R.E.P.O to gra, pomimo swojego charakteru, oferuje z przypadnie do gustu fanom i multiplayerowych Gra mroczny klimat, elementy rywalizacji i kooperacji, co sprawia, rozgrywka jest nieprzewidywalna i jak w przypadku wielu gier indie, drobne problemy techniczne, ale nie one w cieszeniu tym, co R.E.P.O ma do zaoferowania. szukasz mrocznej gry multiplayer, w liczy zaufanie i przetrwanie, R.E.P.O wyborem.
Ocena: 8/10
very fun and good concept
this game is funny asf and runs well
also they got bro from spirited away in here so thats goateed
this game provided me with an extremely joyous experience and if you have friends to play it with, i would recommend this game to obtain memories and truly wonderful times with your friends.
lots of fun, lots of laughs
just remember at the end of your day the most scaries part of this game is ur friends and how much trust you put in them and they still throw a knife at you
skibidi
its so fire bro
ta chido xd
good
Fun with friends
I had my suspicions seeing as I didn't enjoy Lethal Company much and it seemed to be another dupe, but after playing it did what Lethal Company couldn't. The dynamic between fumbling with heavy objects and stressing about big monsters seems simple but I could sit and play for hours.
Plus, R.E.P.O is a simple enough game for an entire family to play. I know from experience. I didn't think I'd ever get my mom to enjoy a PC game.
I had a good laugh, got killed by my crew more than the monsters residing the building
Hi dear developers, the game is really good even tho it's still in early access. I'm really surprised that for 10 hours of gameplay i've noticed only couple bugs, especially i am surprised because the game is developed on unity engine, which is really old. I mean look at the other games on thisd engine like Phasmophobia. It looks terrible compared to your game. The bugs i found i want to report for you to fix it in the nearest update. 1. When you are dead and spectating, you can see through the walls, but i guess that's probably an engine problem. 2. When you start healing your teammate and he is tumbling, your teammate won't receive hp until he stands up again. The game really blew up, and i like it very much and the whole community loved it. I hope you will develop and upgrade the game further, and the community wants to help you. Thanks for the opportunity to be a part of this masterpiece.
I do recommend this game - with absolutely no less than 4 people.
There's no reason why when I'm in a full lobby of 6, we clean out multiple levels back to back, with nothing but ducks and gnomes, and make 100k a run, but me and 1 other die instantly to frogs and floating heads as soon as we leave the truck on the first level.
Please update the game to include some logic to the creature spawns relative to player count. The game is not nearly as fun when its way too easy, and not fun at all when it's impossibly hard.
If you limit the game to require a large group of people in order to be playable, a lot of people won't be able to justify buying it.
Crazy Fun Lethal Company-Style but Physics Based. A lot of fun with friends, even as a duo.
this game has a lot of potential.
you get to play for 5 minutes, then die and watch your friends play for 20 minutes and dick around without you.
obviously other people like this kind of game, but im just not into games that you spend more time watching other people have fun, than have fun yourself. Easy quit moment early on. F, got filtered i guess
Good Game.
10/10 but im missing heads to equip :)
repo is funny because nooben and yak were obliterated by trudge
This a lot of fun, cheap, and 100% worth it.
funny af
Play it trust me
another game ruined by little kids trolling trying to kill you with anything they can find in game. sad sad
on my gmma ts game an een
-{ Graphics }-
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
-{ Gameplay }-
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
-{ Audio }-
☐ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
-{ Audience }-
☑ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma
-{ PC Requirements }-
☐ Check if you can run paint
☑ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
-{ Game Size }-
☐ Floppy Disk
☑ Old Fashioned
☐ Workable
☐ Big
☐ Will eat 15% of your 1TB hard drive
☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it
☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data
-{ Difficulty }-
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☑ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
-{ Grind }-
☑ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
-{ Story }-
☑ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
-{ Game Time }-
☑ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond
-{ Price }-
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
-{ Bugs }-
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
-{ ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☑ 9
☐ 10
fumny
on my life i love ts game
Mi amigo fue secuestrado por un invisible para luego ser violad0 detras de un escritorio unas 4 veces en 15 minutos. Super recomendado
muito bom
good game
me like
I'll echo the same thoughts I'm seeing around, ignore the asset flip looking emoji face. It does not reflect how good this game is.
actually the best of the genre (sorry lethal company)
best game on 2025? yes ofc
i hate it i hate big head i hate the baby i hate the scissor girl i hate the big harpoon guy i love this game!
Me gusto tanto el juego que les voy a dejar una receta de alfajores a los desarrolladores, lo bueno de comparte.
Con esta receta salen aproximadamente 24 alfajorcitos
200 gr manteca / mantequilla / margarina
200 gr harina 0000
300 gr de (maizena)
1/2 cucharadita bicarbonato
2 cucharaditas polvo de hornear (yo las pongo bien colmadas)
150 gr (se puede reemplazar por impalpable)
3 yemas
1 cucharada
1 cucharadita esencia de vainilla
1 cda ralladura de
- para rellenar
cantidad necesaria dulce de leche repostero y coco seco
1.Tamizar la harina, el de maizena, el bicarbonato y el polvo de hornear. Reservar
2.En un bol batir (si es con batidora mejor) la manteca blanda, tipo pomada no derretida, con el Es importante este paso para lograr un buen cremado.
3.Agregar las yemas de a una, mezclando bien cada vez, luego agregar el la esencia y la ralladura de mezclar bien. terminar de incorporar batiendo
4.Incorporar poco a poco los secos tamizados mientras unimos con nuestras manos todo sobre la mesada formando un arenado no amasando. Este es otro paso importante para lograr que se unan todos los ingredientes y que quede una masa que luego de deshaga en la boca. una vez que logramos que el arenado totalmente y no quedar rastros de harina terminar de unir sin amasar. Llevar a la heladera 30 minutos envuelta en film.
5.Estirar la masa sobre la mesa enharinada y dejarla de 1/2 cm. de espesor y cortar de unos 4 cm. de aproximadamente.
6.Colocarlos en placas enmantecadas y enharinadas. cocinar en horno medio pre-calentado a durante unos 10 a 12 minutos depende del horno. es importante que no doren, solo en la base.
7.Retirar de la placa con mucho cuidado con una yo le doy antes un golpe en la basa a la placa sobre la mesada para despegarlos.
8.Dejar enfriar antes de armarlos.
9.Formar los alfajores uniendo dos tapitas con dulce de leche, presionar apenas, pintar los bordes con dulce de leche (con ayuda de un cuchillito) y luego hacerlos rodar por coco rallado. No dejes de mostrarme con una foto como quedaron tus alfajorcitos
Objective:
Collect junk to sell
Survive (Optional)
slk compensa
LOL
very fun
Fun, funny, and has a LOT of potential with future updates. If lethal don't get any more updates soon ima switch to this
good boy
Absolute blast
This game is actually incredible. Everything is put together so well and it is just so much fun to play. I had a two hour long run with a couple of friends and it was one of their first games. The emergent storytelling that just happened on its own due to the situations we were in was just so enjoyable. This is the most fun multiplayer experience I have had in a LONG time, maybe even ever. Please give this game a try.
MUY EXITANTE
peak physics engine
El juego tiene una gran variedad de enemigos, Pero mis amigos son los enemigos del DLC.
Juegazo
pretty good but i like lethal company more than ts
fun game tho
isso merece um game of the year, jogo maravilhoso, ri pra krl jogando isso
yea
boring
Alto juego para jugar con amigos, te cagas de la risa. Pongan mas mapas de chill
fun no lie
+
Like a more relaxed lethal company
amazing i love it would kiss the creator.
good
pepo miglior gioco!
10/10
ssim
Oval Man
Sin duda, hay errores, y seria bien mas contenido. Pero por los momentos, prefiero este juego que Lethal Company, juegazo que te garantiza unas risas entre los panas, lo recomiendo al 100%
GOTY
Ta weno
AWSOME
muito criativo e divertido, slk vai sem medo que tem erro
I'm in the thick of it, everybody knows
They know me where it snows, I skied in and they froze
I don't know no nothin' 'bout no ice, I'm just cold
Forty somethin' milli' subs or so, I've been told
I'm in my prime and this ain't even final form
They knocked me down, but still, my feet, they find the floor
I went from living rooms straight out to sold-out tours
Life's a fight, but trust, I'm ready for the war
Woah-oh-oh
This is how the story goes
Woah-oh-oh
I guess this is how the story goes
I'm in the thick of it, everybody knows
They know me where it snows, I skied in and they froze
I don't know no nothin' 'bout no ice, I'm just cold
Forty somethin' milli' subs or so, I've been told
From the screen to the ring, to the pen, to the king
Where's my crown? That's my bling
Always drama when I ring
See, I believe that if I see it in my heart
Smash through the ceiling 'cause I'm reachin' for the stars
Woah-oh-oh
This is how the story goes
Woah-oh-oh
I guess this is how the story goes
I'm in the thick of it, everybody knows
They know me where it snows, I skied in and they froze (woo)
I don't know no nothin' 'bout no ice, I'm just cold
Forty somethin' milli' subs or so, I've been told
Highway to heaven, I'm just cruisin' by my lone'
They cast me out, left me for dead, them people cold
My faith in God, mind in the sun, I'm 'bout to sow (yeah)
My life is hard, I took the wheel, I cracked the code (yeah-yeah, woah-oh-oh)
Ain't nobody gon' save you, man, this life will break you (yeah, woah-oh-oh)
In the thick of it, this is how the story goes
I'm in the thick of it, everybody knows
They know me where it snows, I skied in and they froze
I don't know no nothin' 'bout no ice, I'm just cold
Forty somethin' milli' subs or so, I've been told
I'm in the thick of it, everybody knows (everybody knows)
They know me where it snows, I skied in and they froze (yeah)
I don't know no nothin' 'bout no ice, I'm just cold
Forty somethin' milli' subs or so, I've been told (ooh-ooh)
Woah-oh-oh (nah-nah-nah-nah, ayy, ayy)
This is how the story goes (nah, nah)
Woah-oh-oh
I guess this is how the story goes
Really glad I checked out this game! The gameplay is a blast, you have methodical and messy antics, chaotic and careful shenanigans. Physics really makes this game stand out, you are in a full fight with your environment while avoiding hazards from meddlesome and murderous creatures. I'm definitely looking forward to more from this game.
Others had said it: if it wasn't for seeing what this game actually was, the laughing-crying emoji in the game branding really did not make me want to pick this up at first. I know it's beginning to pick up with word-of-mouth now, but I think this game would benefit so much more from highlighting the funny robots.
I am glad I picked this game up, but I hope more people can try it out too. These profit-extraction style horror games have gotten popular, and this one is a standout in the crowd.
only Lethal Company clone that is actually better than Lethal Company
yes!
great game
I love being chased around by the big 3 diddy monsters.
1. Invisible diddy panting sexually 24/7 and keeps kidnapping me and bring me to a bed
2. Floating head diddy who keeps trying to bite me every chance he gets
3. Giant diddy rubbing his fingers and gets angry when looked at and proceeds to manhandle me.
Cant forget Monsieur Froge who cooking up a storm,dont ask about his secret ingredient, or about Monty Python and the Holy Grail's Black Knight who regrew his limbs and and a big eye. There is also the giant man composed of a Milky white substance thats not milk and will suck you into his body.
Then there's the 5 big booms my friend gets in the form of skulls with 20 tons of dynamite.
And my favorite part, the horde of gnomes I have under my bed locked inside glass jars. saved for a later time
Hilarious and super fun! Can't wait to play more with friends!
Good
ta muito bueno
Its a fun game to play with your friends
gud
This game is the dumbest and greatest thing to come out this year. You do however need friends in order to enjoy this game as you'll miss some of the things when you play the game in singleplayer. it's also really funny watching you and your friends laugh at each others suffering while attempting to grab items just to make the taxman happy.
Its definitly a great choice for a multiplayer game night with your friends
peak
lovee loveee the most amazing game ever 1000/10 recommend super fun game to play and so adorable
fuck the duck
Absolute banger
game of the year
so fun
itd be better if tanner would play but instead he chose to hate jacob which is fair because we all do
HAB ANGST
-
game is only 10 bones and i been having a blast, very affordable and the devs actually listen to feedback, would like workshop support in the future tho.
i love this game
Scawy
FUNNI ROBOT TIEM
silly spoops
its good
Puro entreterimento
It's pretty much lethal company with goober robots and scary chickens. You have the option to play solo but I'd only recommend doing so if you're trying to figure out the monsters' behaviors, meeting quota is annoying without friends lol. Best played with four or more players but you can play duos if you're confident in your buddy.
gimme money
i love repossession :)
8=D
way better than leathal company
-829$
-719$
-642$
gayet Bu arada cinsiniz amk.
funny game with friends, love getting blow up
Hilarious, the new Lethal Company but better imo
lowk fun game either by yourself or others, robe and huntsman are the worst enemies.
This game fun go get it
fun but my idiot ass friends make it so much harder
ME CAGO EN EL PATO DE LOS COJONES
If you love Lethal Company, there's a good chance you'll really enjoy this. Brings something fun and new to these types of games. I completely overlooked it because of the emoji banner until one of my friends told me to check it out!
For an early access game this is just lots of fun, me and my friends enjoyed it a lot and I can't wait for more updates and mods to come out, I thank the DEVS for the amazing work they put into this work of art.
mu bueno
they have never shouldve given me the ability to stumble
i shit my pants in fear three times and pissed myself in laughter 4 times
10/10 would recommend (wear diapers!)
gud
Really funny game with a lot of funny momments with friends
Me hizo venirme incondicionalmente
better than lethal
honestly the funniest game with a full lobby so much banter and fun to be had
ducky :3
funny robot game that clears lethal company
good
GOTY
Similar to lethal company but not the same. Good with friends.
It's a fun game to play with friends and alone. The difficulties of the levels make it harder to finish which i think is pretty good so the game never gets boring. The animations are also very amusing and makes the game a lot more fun.
MAKE IT WHERE YOU DON'T NEED FRIENDS pls and thank you game funny
Very fun stars
GOTY
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
yeah i like this game.
Cada partida es risas xD. Lo he pasado muy bien. Cuando son 6, es mas divertido, pero con 4 players risas garantizadas.
i love ts (this) game fr (for real) sm (so much)
insanely fun
Absolut witziges Game mit Freunden. Jeder der an lethal company hatte findet hier auch seinen
i love it
si
Best laughs I've ever had with my friends on a game! 420/69 highly recommend
i loved it it is so fun with frinds
You should get this! its like lethal company but even goofier! you collect loot while monsters hunt you down. There are many funny aspects to the game. just ignore the emoji.
love this game
Game is great fun, but with friends
do NOT buy this if you want a fun multiplayer game because this game is NOT that. when i say buggy games are fun i dont mean games that dont function are fun, im stuck at 5000 ping and 95% of the time multiplayer just doesnt work, im stuck with singleplayer
This game genuinely terrifies me. I avoid horror games for a reason. However, it's very goofy and fun to play with your friends. Trying to scavage the buildings for loot to meet quota (hahaha funny reference) with your friends as these goofy little baby robots (who can go baby mode) is incredibly fun and scary. 10 out of 10, I'd recommend to my friends. However.it does require friends to be more enjoyable, as singleplayer is incredibly hard.
The game crashes constantly needs to be fixed
Probably the BEST and MOST AFFORDABLE gaming. Everyone Will love it for on 10 bux.
it
good game i like the eyes. i like the voice chat. the more players, the funnier. i wish my friends would play with me more :<
es un juego muy chevere para jugar con amigos
mt baum
nice
this game is awesome, love how quickly it can jump from silly haha to blood curdling screams.
Assombrado e cheio de monstro mas com sutilezas de shitpost, parece Paulo.
The only game centred around muppets that can make me shit bricks
este juego es muy bueno con amigos lo jugamos estuvimos de risas todo el tiempo
alguem pra jogar ?
>Receba o jogo do meu bestie~
*entra no lobby.mp4*
me encarando
*automaticamente perdemos os lado*
um game fun mas passamos da terceira fase por falta de e sorte pra VIR A PORRA DE UM PATO CARENTE
its an extremely funny game and very well made
this game is for all the yakubian tricknogly experts out there non-yakubians allowed
better lethal company basically
fun
love it
me encanta robarle a abuelitos ciegos que si suben por las escaleras se caen
Le jeu est bien, mais ma ma et me laisse frapper mon avec un marteau en plastique
Definitely play this with friends for a good laugh. Solo is difficult and stress inducing if you enjoy a good horror game.
funny
very silly very smiley game. something to rub my belly to
Was super hyped to play this game as it looked incredibly fun. Nowhere did I read that you had to have people added on steam to play with, and that you couldn't play it with random people online and was very disappointed, considering the fact that I bought the game solely to meet new people in game and no one that I know even uses steam. Perhaps in the future they can update this. If you do have friends that use steam, however, this game would probably be very fun for you. I wouldn't know though, considering I cannot play with anyone and am condemmed to singleplayer.
Better than Lethal Company and runs great on deck. Great game overall.
W I LOVE THIS
premium
This game seems to be made with a lot of love, but it definitely needs work. Gameplay loop is okay, monsters seem overpowered with unclear tactics to manage them, and buying power of money earned is pretty poor after clearing levels.
The absolute worst flaw at the moment is not having a built in timer or threat that pushes you to complete the goal while others wait. Most of the game is waiting for other people to either revive you at an extraction point or finish all extraction points and leave. Dying early feels horrible, maybe if everyone in our party understood the goals very clearly we wouldn't have these issues, but waiting 20 minutes to play again just feels bad.
The good parts are things like the animations for talking, the cartoonish movement when it comes to being thrown around and hiding, and interacting with your friends on a general level (moving objects, throwing your friends, and breaking stuff is fun and hilarious).
The developers seem very responsive which is always a good thing, having already put out videos addressing that players really wanted a public lobby function. I see the potential for this game but as it is right now I just didn't have enough fun to validate playing this over Lethal Company. This is a [b]very soft thumbs down[/b] and I hope this game comes out of early access addressing some of these issues because it feels very close to being the next dominant horror co-op game.
BRO please for the life and longevity of this great game, WHY EMOJIS? I totally get if it's more of a place holder kind of thing but god damn does it look kinda really dumb. Other than that the whole game experience is very enjoyable and this game is pretty much what I wanted lethal company to be.
vaya pedazo de mierda de juego, graficos peor que el minecraft, la jugabilidad de farmear es copi past de lethal company, que si se te rompen cosas. Pero de verdad los bichos mas mal hechos imposible, los puedes esquivar super facilmente y los bichos son muy robots.
Si no hablas y eres rapido escondiendote debajo de una mesa, este juego es super facil.
Con los graficos que estan tan mal hechos, temareas con el juego.
Online no existe, tienes que crear la sala y tener amigos, si no nadie random se puede unir.
De verdad al creador, una mierda 10 euros de estafa.
w
this is a good game but i highly suggest you decrease the chance of getting instakill ememies at the start of the game because i cant get first quota successfully without dying to a random nun thing or laser dude
no public lobbies in 2025
El juego tiene la formula perfecta para el caos, nunca ame y odie tanto a mis amigos. Es muy realista en lo que respecta a lo facil que es quedarse sin un varo en la billetera. Me encanta escuchar a mis amigos gritar por que le partieron un jarron de 1860 varos a un pato con complejo de mister hide. 10 de 10
This game is way funnier and entertaining than other similar games.
played lethal company with my friends and we enjoyed the game but it was heavily modded. We have not modded this game at all and it is so much more fun. I think it is scarier than lethal and so much funnier. highly recommend
Se der uma olhada na da Steam de R.E.P.O com seu banner bobo e pensar consigo mesmo: "Ah, outro jogo de terror cooperativo de coleta de loot? Por que eu gastaria dinheiro nisso, se tenho alguns jogos assim?", eu tentarei ajudar o seu interior do consumismo a encontrar argumentos para comprar este jogo de qualquer jeito.
R.E.P.O um jogo de terror cooperativo que um novo e empolgante toque ao de coleta de loot ao ser 100% baseado em Isso significa que os objetos com os quais interage (assim como e seus amiguinhos ao ambiente.
Os objetos que coleta para pagar o misterioso "Fiscal" da IA podem e quebrar. com certeza vai gritar com seus amigos por quebrarem um vaso de $1.200. Mas pode se vingar empurrando o carrinho de loot (sim, precisa carregar TODO o loot sozinho) contra seus amigos e sair voando pelo como bonecos de pano.
O jogo tem como efeitos de de voz, easter eggs e uma de texto-para-fala MUITO divertida. Nada supera ouvir seu amigo, escondido debaixo de uma mesa enquanto foge de um monstro em forma de pato fofinho, dizer: um idiota diz quack" com essa ativada.
disso, recomendo que acompanhe o do jogo no YouTube, onde eles muito transparentes sobre os planos e problemas do jogo. (O mais recente sendo sobre os lobbies de matchmaking, que em desenvolvimento ativo). A Semiwork parece ser um promissor que ama os jogos que cria e se para que fiquem completos. (Entre os recursos planejados de personagens, mais fases e novos inimigos.)
Recomendo de este jogo para qualquer pessoa que tenha alguns amigos para jogar junto. Mas aviso: se decidir jogar com 3 ou menos jogadores, as partidas bem desafiadoras!
Espero que minha resenha meio boba sobre este jogo superdivertido (com um banner tenha ajudado seu interior do consumismo a a jogar Se sim: divirta-se e lembre-se. um idiota diz quack!
Too scary.
is funny
si
Very fun and well-made game
very funny
i love turning the corner and seeing a 10 foot tall black and red distorted doll ish thing hurling at me
Me encanta este juego pero me poder encontrar personas que jueguen con pc, casi todos mis colegas juegan con ps4 o ps5 o xbox. :,)
This game is jam packed with incredibly tense moments and stomach cramping laughs and is now a permanent addition to my weekly game night with friends. Even with only three maps (Not to say I wouldn't like more), it is endlessly replayable and I can't wait to see what else the devs do with it!
10, 10 :)
funny
peak
✅ funny moments
✅ cool monsters & weapons
✅ quick & fluid world load times
✅ revivability (not dead all game)
❌ emoji mascot
engrasado
very good extremely fun 100% worth buying
ekiple keyifli
This is one of the best most funny and somehow most scary games ive ever played, 10/10
very good
-385 + 3,5 5
Clip Farm
now this is what a fun game looks like, dont overthink it and convince your friends to get this gem you wont regret this.
Very sigma skibbidi toilet livy baby gronk
What a great game with friends. And NO this is NOT a Lethal Company clone. Its similar, just more physics based, and physics is always funny :)
It's still early Access which is crazy to me because HOLY CRAP it's polished and fun as HELL! I hope. REALLY REALLY REALLY REALLY HOPE this game will get an in-game matchmaking system, but other than that, the future for this game is looking bright. Don't quote me on that.
very fun, scary, and chaotic with friends
Lots of good laughs
divertido
starboy - zell
si a repo, esta Repo tente! Repo deroso! mi voto es Repo sitivo!
amazing game 10/10
cant get pass 1! room without BLIND MAN FINDING ME! and yes i have no mic on still didn't help me! QAQ 10/10 will recommend
Edit:
played with friend was diddled by blind man, TWICE! 10/10 will do again XD
flushed my friend down the toilet. 10/10
If you like Lethal Company style game play than this is for you! Absolutely a blast to play with friends or even solo(once you learn a little bit)!
yes
Really fun. They need public lobbies though.
This game is amazing, Watching my friends get killed is super funny too!
this game is fun and goofy and i love killing my friends (in the game)
I dont have any friends that have this game so i cant play it unfortunately :(
love it
a jouer a 3 au moins
jogo que a mizera, explodiram meu amigo na minha frente com uma espingarda quase morri de rir
Besseres spiel gibt es nicht
This game makes me understand monetary value
p crl, muito bom, mecanica inovadora
SIM MUITO BOM
Funniest game I've ever played 10/10
funny
j'aime les robot :D
fufu sauce graine
fun
I like it, only problems I have that they would probably put in the game in the future is difficulty scaling which means scaling down the difficulty for people who play alone or with a few other people, and stamina regeneration, it's to slow. Maybe a little bit faster would be better.
this shit is spooky
supi
bread
muito bom, no aguardo por um sistema de matchmaking ou de de lobby's
Fun game to play with boys
IT GOOD
Es macht
El juego divertido en simplemente
tuff
Havent even played this game but its like 10 bucks and good ass reviews so like idgaf why not
Es lethal company pero no abandonado y bien terminado
Ultra fun, ca vaut le coup Vivement les prochaines MAJ pour plus de
i got shot by a blind man with a musket? may have been a 12 gauge either way fun game and best multiplayer horror game ive ever played
fuck that big head guy
100
this game is lowkey really fun. its actually really good for coming out in february. its been just a bit of time and im doing really good with my friend. its super amazing to play it because of the comedy and scariness
piolin
funny as hell
Jeu avec un potentiel certains, voir du gameplay qui est pour l'instant assez timide et
Shit s really good made and fun!
Es Super Buenardo El Juego Lo Jugue Por Solo 11 Horas Y Me Cague De Risa Con Mis Amigos
I sprint dived over my friends head and flew into the saw he was carrying and died. The explosion knocked him into the scissor hand scarecrow and he died. 10/10
I LOVE GUNZ
incroyable.
lepszej gry nie ma
fun
It's a really fun game to play with friends. I would recommend it. There could maybe be a few improvements, but otherwise it's very good!
YOU CAN FEEL THE PAIN IN HIS DIH
funny ass game to play with friends
Excellent game so much fun with friends. Really funny way can speak with no limitations on swearing ect.
The most autistic game on the market
Really fun concept but the game is soooo dang boring, Literally completed the mission within 10 seconds of starting it and the rest is just you hiding and getting blown up by monsters. looks fun on Tiktok but no it was not.
Hello team, this game is very cool, but i think there you need put online playing mode, not just only friend, maybe there is but cannot make more fun (
Good game, but the ping pretty much ruins the gameplay, especially for fighting at the end and the grab, I recommend you buying this game if you got deal breakers for games that rely on the ping.
Its so fucking fun.
Unbelievably funny, the amount of options to grief your friends are so good
-{ Graphics }-
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☐ Good
☑ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
-{ Gameplay }-
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
-{ Audio }-
☐ Eargasm
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
-{ Audience }-
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma
-{ PC Requirements }-
☐ Check if you can run paint
☑ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
-{ Game Size }-
☑ Floppy Disk
☐ Old Fashioned
☐ Workable
☐ Big
☐ Will eat 15% of your 1TB hard drive
☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it
☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data
-{ Difficulty }-
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
-{ Grind }-
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☑ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
-{ Story }-
☑ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
-{ Game Time }-
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☑ Average
☐ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond
-{ Price }-
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
-{ Bugs }-
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
-{ ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☑ 9
☐ 10
WIchtig: Spielt es mit mindestens 3 Spielern. Da macht es am meisten
MYCKET ROLIGT SPEL!
Fun
sky pegged me and landmine 10/10 game <3
This game is very fun with friends :)
yes
eu n tenho amigo pra jogar
I attatched a feather drone to a roll drone and attatched that to a shock trap and it auto locked and murdered my entire team 10/10 would explode again, i dont even know how we got to 5 levels
Se gostou desse jogo podemos dizer que ja morreu por dentro.
PS: VEIO MALDITO
So I am NOT a jump scare person. I do NOT play games or watch movies with jump scares, but when I tell you that this game has me screaming AND laughing. This game is super fun, really silly, and pretty creepy. I haven't tried playing by myself yet, but I have played with, at least, one other person and I just can't stop playing. There are jump scares, but they are not as bad as you might be weary of. Watch some gameplays and test out if you're able to handle the scares. If you can, then I hope you have as much fun as I am
Une belle petite
Un juego donde te puedes pasar muy bien con tus amigos ademas de tryhardear bastante si es vas entendiendo la mecanicas. Sumamente divertido. Saquen actualizanes y idioma
misto
good game
Nice and Funny Game when you play with your Friend
The best game to play with friends
muy divertido pero es a jugar con amigos para pasarla mejor
Fun for the whole gang.
game is absolute dog shit
great game its kinda like lethal company but it has alot of uniqe features and is still a blast, i streamed it on yt with my dad and his mates and it was great fun and is totally worth the purchase like i highly recommend anyone who wants to play with there mates :3
banger
soooooooooooooooooooo goood
really enjoyed it.
bussy
Its sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo good
very fun and very cool. dont play with friends if you dont like team killing
Pedazo de Juego. 100% recomendable.
eepy Gooby
What Lethal Company should've been - 10/10
this is so good and funny 11/10
jaja
Very nice game
absolutely amazing game, lowkey similar to lethal company but it has its own charm. playing it with friends will make you cry from laughter while shaking from a jumpscare lol, remember to pet the duck whenever you see it for some cool perks lmfao
Funny game
el mejor juego que probe en mi vida, los mejores 5.79 dolares gastados en mi vida, hasta ahora las mejores 8.8 horas de mi vida
agora o melhor jogo do estilo "lethal company" nesses anos, basicamente pegaram tudo que bom nesse estilo de jogo (de uma forma melhorada e muito boa) e botaram aqui, BOOOOM, nasce esse jogo
tudo funciona muito bem e tira muita risada gostosa, mesmo com poucos amigos no lobby da pra se divertir muito por bastante tempo, JOGASSO!
Tremendo juegazo para jugar con amigos :)
Very good game.
Very weird.
Extremely cursed.
Very scary, BUT, very funny.
The more people, the more chaos.
The text-to-speech function is wonderful, chef's kiss (Wish it would pronounce tho).
10/10 you can annoy and scare your friends, love it.
Grab the duck, I dare you.
my friends wont stop the expensive vases 10/10
good funny game
Great game! Chaos and screems all the time.
I NEEED MOOORRRREEE!
Absolutely amazing! i would pay 20$ for this.
BU OYUNA HAYALET ADAMI EKLEYENLERIN ELINE KOLUNA ATTIRAYIM HAYIRLI CUMLAR
it fun
Rep on my Po
Gott macht das Fun :-D
very good game c:
funny
Like Skyrim, but the onions are worth about 50
6 dolar ile anca 2 bira bu vyoun daha
one armed robber
Jogo MT bom pra jogar com amigos, principalmente com os incompetentes que deixam o jogo mais divertido
rly fun game with friends
O jogo muito bom, apesar de estar em early acess, tem bugs e nem mal otimizado. O jogo segue o estilo "lethal company". O jogo bem e consegue ser tenso em algumas partes, espero que traduzam para outras principalmente para PT BR. Recomendo jogar com amigos porque a garantida.
buenisimo el juego basicamente messi
semental
the devs actually care about their game, unlike zeekers getting rich off lethal company and spending all his money on furry corn
THAT. F*^%ING. DUCK!
10/10
Better than Lethal Company
Super fun and chaotic. We love it
This game tries so hard to be lethal company it's honestly sad. The game does excel at the physics based engine, which is quite nice, and the text to speech function is GREAT! But lacks in almost every other department. Finding loot is difficult compared to what's just a prop and what's not, the monsters seem to know where you always are and will insta-kill you on sight. I honestly don't know why this game is so popular. Would not recommend.
TA BOM
Top le jeu
Very fun with friends!
Es un juego divertido para jugar con amigos
Man what a fun game.If you join random games be prepared for high level of ret@rdation tho. Theres always 1 or 2 random teammate blasting music and cringe memes with voice changer and blowing up the whole store 0.5 sec after you load in and than proceed to ninja loot every upgrade and item than die to the first basic monster that spawns. Pretty good with friends but MOST of the time extremely painful with randoms.
I like trowing up on my friends 10/10 experience would do this daily
Great game
very goods
good
very good
J'ai dans le micro en tenant le sablier qui ralenti et mon pet ralenti 10/10!
10 10
old mann goes ratatatata
me parto la polla
Nice to be on the opposite side of repo, usually they just rob me on Sims
If you like Lethal Company but want more danger and less stress and more rage, this is it :3
Fun to play with friends
yes"'
ts pmo
De e KRIG!
its so stupid its funny
Figured out that if you talk when the shotgun man is around you'll die 10/10 would get shot again.
lethal company mais divertido e mais facil
fun
Tuli pisut
da pra fazer o seu amigo de e botar ele na privada
This game made me shit myself, W game.
Gonna go play in my own shit now.
El mejor puto juego, lo e jugado con amigos y es la puta madre, te saca un chingo de risas, y es super entretenido :), espero que saquen aun mas cosas interesantes
Esta muy guapo, me mato un bebe con una bolsa de dinero
10/10
Suffers from the same thing every other game in this genre suffers from, and that's being super boring. Collect stuff, hide from monsters, leave, come back, do it again. That's it.
[h2] Extremadamente divertido [/h2]
Esa es la frase que define este juego: unas buenas risas con los compas a diestra y siniestra. Para los que lo comparan con Lethal Company u otros juegos similares, aclarar desde el principio que no lo es. Es suficientemente diferente; el concepto puede parecerse, pero en el trasfondo, R.E.P.O. tiene su propia esencia, y enemigos que lo hacen Es obvio que tarde o temprano el hype desaparece y el juego se hace repetitivo, pero mientras dura es precioso.
Tuve una mala experiencia, lamentablemente, pero nada que ver con el juego. Y me voy a desahogar en esta horas grabando con OBS, y a lo loco con mis amigos. Pero cuando quise ver lo que grabado, me di cuenta de que nunca me el ni el sonido de la PC. que ahora tengo un video muy sin audio. Una Me duele en el alma porque iba a ser excelente.
Entienden que me meti en un lobby modeado con 27 personas? lleno de gritos, caos y momentos inolvidables. Pero todo eso, ahora, solo existe en mi memoria. Es curioso la vida es momentos que vienen y van, fugaces, Y muchas veces, no nos damos cuenta de lo valiosos que son hasta que desaparecen.
Moraleja: disfruten cada instante, porque nunca saben se van a quedar sin audio.
[b] Recomendado 9/10 [/b]
This game is amazing, but I would like to see some kind of big goal and more of a reason to play. So far, the replayability is good. Can't wait to see future updates!
Amazing and funny game 10/10
its fun
dont pllay ts gam it riggde and
HELL YEAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
fun and scary
50/50. :D
god?
Please come to playstation i wanna play this with friends
Pure Chaos!
I got chased by a scary man who then touched me under a table.
Great game for kids and family.
gutes spiel
Skibidi Sigma Pomni Digital Fortnite Chamba
Free Gigachad Rizz Ohmygodfloo XXXTentacion
Hotmail Lionel Ronaldo Junior Mewing Tercero
Chiki Ibai Xokas Ete Sech Golden Toy Puppet
Ohio Tuesta YouTubeproinsano
Globodetexto51 Decadencia777
Digital, Digital Fortnite, Digital, Digital Flow
Digital, Digital Fortnite, Digital, Digital Flow
Digital, Digital Fortnite, Digital, Digital Flow
Digital, Digital Fortnite, Digital, Digital Flow
Skibidi, Skibidi, Skibidi, Skibidi
Skibidi, Skibidi, Skibidi, Skibidi
Digital, Digital Fortnite, Digital, Digital Flow
Digital, Digital Fortnite, Digital, Digital Flow fluffy hair sigma boy chill guy mangos winter arc YNs huzz bruzz rizz
I love beating the rugrat to death with my homies.
10/10
Geile Toilette
Yeah, it's a banger.
Game is very good.
hola JAJAJA me agregan para jugar
10
nic3
DIVERTENTISSIMO
ja
ZAJEBISTA GRA DO
better lethal company
This game is one of the best multiplayer games i have seen yet, all of these challenges you face make the gun fun and interesting. Definitely try this game, 10/10.
the game is fun but in days 3 its too difficult T_T
Superior to leathal company, very cool
100 10 (dedmraz)
ok
Super fun! would highly recommend if you're a fan of lethal company or proximity chat games it's overall a very enjoyable game with a fun challenge of not having to break things which makes it more fun
The spitter is my biggest opp
funny
very fun
good job devs
Nice game, i would love to be able to open the map when dead.
(hear me out. Reaper)
con los dedos de las manos y los dedos de los pies, la traviesa y los huevos suman 23
I'm addicted to filling the tax man's pockets.
good
i like
The game is very skibidi. I love throwing grenades at monsters and yeeting my friends with the bat.
HAIYAAA!
Esta bueno, compralo.
gg
Fun with friends!
Beautiful
brilliant!
hella silly
Muy bueno para jugar con amigos
funny as w friends
god damn
pocket cart
YES
Facile jouer. avec ces potes
q 10 10
uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
FUN
it good
Mit einer geilen Gruppe macht es richtig bock
Geile Abende gehabt
dont play it. it will consume you
Gooner game
zor
+
C'est de se faire tuer par un poussin qui prend un sans que ce soit de ta faute
i will rather play this with my friends than monster hunter ngl
really fun, best with friends, otherwise not fun. the poster has nothing to do with the game, but is really good game. kinda scary
um bom jogo, mas o modo solo dele logo de cara no level 1 chega uma tropa de gnomos em seu carrinho quebrando tudo e vc pode fazer nada a ser aceitar que de catar tudo de novo (isso se ainda tiver itens na fase) e em seguida vem a e te mata, se vc tem mais amigos pra jogar ou uma tentativa de aborto mal sucedida como eu e rusha jogos solo talvez esse seja o seu game, vou dar um sim pq vi muita gente se divertindo em videos.
Ah e o momento dessa tem salas mas quem sabe venha Pois em beta.
genial a faire entre amis
Be me
Play tutorial
Join discord to play a game with some random people
Gets dragged into the darkness, shanked by a random lady, and get murdered by a laughing child
Second game
Encounter an alien, creepy clown thing, blind guy with gun and floating thing that spits acid.
"what does level 8 mean?"
everyone else proceeds to die
Figure out gun man cant shoot you if you are crouched
Have acid guy jump onto my head and now i shoot acid
blind man falls down stairs and takes damage
tries to spew acid on him
Fail to relize that he now knows where i am
Proceeds to be shot in the head
10/10, would die again
This game and the studio making it is absolutely awesome but they have to rethink their signature thumbnail, that emoji is not doing y'all any favors! Those goofy lil robot eyes are so much better! Or anything, really!
I might do a more detailed review once it's out of EA, but for real give this game a try. Don't let the EA-tag and seeming similarities with other games in the genre stop you from getting this one. It's a lot of fun, I've not put it down since I got it gifted to me and I have a bunch of these 'lethal company-like' games but this one is by FAR one of my favourites and it's not even finished yet! Can't wait to see what the devs have to offer to make this even greater.
-{ Graphics }-
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
-{ Gameplay }-
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
-{ Audio }-
☐ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
-{ Audience }-
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma
-{ PC Requirements }-
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☑ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
-{ Game Size }-
☐ Floppy Disk
☐ Old Fashioned
☑ Workable
☐ Big
☐ Will eat 10% of your 1TB hard drive
☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it
☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data
-{ Difficulty }-
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☑ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
-{ Grind }-
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☑ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
-{ Story }-
☐ No Story
☑ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
-{ Game Time }-
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☑ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond
-{ Price }-
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
-{ Bugs }-
☑ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
-{ ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☑ 9
☑ 10
BRAWLS ARE THE BEST PART 100% WOULD RECOMMEND WORTH THE 10 DOLLARS ITS 6 PLAYERS AND SUPER FUN WITH ALL YOUR FRIENDS
yes
Just buy it!
This game runs so well and i love how it plays kudos to you developers
Aquele tipo de jogo para jogar com os amigos
-
e
50
hilarious game to play with friends
simplesmente vale muito a pena. tal qual lethal company, demais pra jogar com os amigos. o jogo muito no mas depois que pega o jeito, vira um desafio totalmente diferente, com um outro tipo de dificuldade. recomendo demais!
16 saattir oynuyorum hala 10. levele gelemedim
22 saat oldu 10. levele gelebiliyorum
very fun
i got repo'd
good
Bockt garnicht
nuda
el putu millor joc de tots! us mereixeu una mamada
Very fun to play! even if you only are 3 players, we had so much fun playing this!
Very nice game!
An overwhelmingly funny game that works best with your goofy friends, and large parties. The designs, the missions and such are all well done, including the mechanics as well. Though, of course, it feels quite basic as it is, but I accept that for an early access game. If this is just a taste of what's to come, I am looking forward to it. Until then, I still recommend this game and enjoy it, it brings a smile to my face and many laughs to everyone I play it with.
SoundPad.
90/180/270 360
;cc
Tres bon jeux mais il manque de monstre les monstre sont tres repetetif
EL PUTO A 4 PATAS ME HA TIRADO POR UN PUTO AGUJERO JUSTO ANTES DE TERMINAR LA SEXTA RONDA ME CAGO EN SU MADRE
fucken funny as shit def worth the 10 bucks 10/10
fire
so fun, poop pants
yes
-
10
Best version of the Lethal Company by far.
You can hide and fight back against the monsters (mostly) and there's a definite prioritization of fun and goofiness.
I appreciate all of it.
I will be so honest I was worried after I bought it that it would be too much of a lethal clone, and while its a similar style it plays very differently. For example, running into a monster doesn't feel like certain death, and the loot system makes it so fun trying to transport 20K statues with 3 people to the extract. It also feels as if there is a really high skill ceiling to it, and the further you get the more teamwork you need. IDK how solo play would be but definitely worth it if playing with friends.
one of the most fun games i played in a while. i just wish it had ultrawide monitor support, but i can live with that
take plate from friend and throw at wall
fimoz
Absolutely amazing game, when playing with friends hours just melt away unnoticed. I would definitely recommend to any and everyone
Me and the crew love repossessing things and now we can do it from the safety of our computers!
I would recommend this game to other players
cool fun
buen juego, entre a mi primera partida y un viejo me la cabeza 10/10
If lethal company and ADHD have a child 10/10
absoluto cine
10/10 optimizacion
10/10 risas
10/10 estres cuando te persigue un rabbit gordo y un menos que grita mas que en bleach
fart
Crazy game gut mit Freunden
monster are too difficult to either kill of escape they one shot you and your friend they should try to balance them
This is one of the only games that I've ever played that can run perfectly on a low-end PC with good graphics without having to tweak the settings. Also super fun. 100/10
que decir, juegazo
ta bueno pero mis compas se mueren
Letal comany si quisiera hacer bien su chamba buen juego
ce jeu est genial drole et flippant a la fois
ta weno
GRAN juego
Its a good game ,good content, good graphics and interesting items xd.
Add walkie talkie and fix microphone i cant play music from Soundpad
Great gameplay. I love the physics in this game. Its hard to say that REPO is better than Lethal Company but its definetly funnier. Give it a try with your friends, You wont regret.
I destroyed 2 Friendships with this game bcs these stpd 1d1ots can't be carefule with objects. This Shotgun Grandpa is an Pedophile or smth. Best experience of my life
Sim
oyun
Yo this game go dummy fr, Make my wee wee go WOOOOOOOOOOOO
Really fun!
sneaks around scared to shitless, next moment see friends sprint and scream all out past me, turns around and sees a giant skeleton head chasing me, screams and runs after friend. 10/10
funny af and it is fun to kill an poor old man
Great Game, good to Play with some friends!
Need that eternal itch for prime lethal company scratched? here you have it.
This game is just too much fun. Gather some friends into you game and let the fun chaos begin.
I boobed a clown on the nose and he exploded. 10/10
fun silly extraction horror
AAA
good game
Got f*cked by a ghost, gnomes destroyed my money bag and a creepy thing with a white mask screamed at me!
100/10
nothing better than carrying a vase across half the map, only for your teammate to break it.
And not knowing how to shut the f*k up.
This is a very simple and quick way to start an argument with your friends. I recommend it.
Peak
Really good game, great laugh with friends.
Mob spawning and RNG between each game can be a bit temperamental: level 2 being 10 times more difficult than level 6 etc & Monster camping hurts. A lot.
But that aside, games brilliant. Its less than a month old but its got so much potential looking forward to the updates!
Also for the price? Get it added to your library.
123
fun game! it is fun to play! with me frends even
can kill your friends XD goaty
yes
Peakest game i've played in a while only in 84 minutes its just so peak :broken_heart:
Gek tof met vrienden dus geen vrienden betekent geen fun
nICE
10/10
funny
good game
10 10
Passi stinkt
yes
11 10
10 10
I puked green acid at my friend. 5/5
Firmly stands on it's own feet in a Sea of Lethal Company likes! A content update hasn't even come yet and i'm already itching for the next but firmly enjoying the current content! Lack of a public lobby system may turn you off but there is almost always someone posting about open lobby's! So be sure to check around before you think you have nobody to play with!
)
Saw an omnipitent alien, it chased me and lifted me off the ground with its mind while i screamed for my friends to run. 10/10
very fun game in a group, but solo is slacking a bit
I must feed the taxman
Best koop horror game I have ever seen
360
BEST GAME EVER ONG FRFR
fun
fun game i like the voice effects on the proximity chat
Muchos jajas con los panas, recomendado
Un jeu incroyable avec une DA qui a beaucoup de charme Des de gameplay originale Le tout soupoudrer avec des qui utilise des fun Je recommande
fun
Game of the year.
6 6
[h1]R.E.P.O. [/h1]
[h1]UPD: [/h1]
simultaneously the most horrifying and funniest game ive played this year
Funniest Furniture Moving Simulation(with angry neighbours)
Genuinely one of the most fun games to come out recently. It has such a good sense of humor despite being a horror game. Definitely buy it no question. I don't understand all the hate for the Tax Man being the mascot, it immediately grabbed my attention and stands out.
top
lol
Top Game, Funny Frisch wie die Chips, ohne zu spoilern den Geist muss man erlebt haben wer der
banger.
3
very good if you have a V.A.D
Easily worth 10$. The title image could use a change tho
Ah yes, R.E.P.O. the game that asks the important question: What if moving furniture was an eldritch nightmare?
At first, it seems normal. just a hardworking repo agent, collecting unpaid furniture like some sort of Capitalist Santa Claus. But then you touch a chair, and suddenly hovering, spinning wildly like possessed by the ghost of a fidget spinner. The bookshelves? They teleport. I looked away for ONE SECOND, and a table I was carrying had climbed the walls like a terrified spider.
The customers? Oh, not happy about this. screaming, throwing things, and in some cases, just phasing through the floor into the abyss. One guy chased me for five minutes, but every time he got close, the fridge I was carrying grew legs and ran away. I know whether to be scared or impressed.
Then there are the robots. They appear randomly, yelling incoherent things like "BEHOLD, THE CHAIR DIMENSION" before vanishing into the void. I think they know too much. I think seen what lies beyond IKEA.
Physics? Ha! More like Suggestions. One time, I placed a lamp on the ground, and it shot into the sky like a missile, never to be seen again. Another time, I tried to pick up a TV, but the TV picked up ME. I am now legally classified as furniture.
Final verdict? 10/10, would get haunted by a flying dresser again.
BERY GOOD YES, VERI GUD WITH FRIENDS
This is some funny sh*t :)
oynarken adam geldi merdivenden inerken bir anda amk SDPKLJGKLSGHSKLHGNSKLDSLJGBHJSGVHKSKJFGBJKISBGJFJGHHSIUOGHSJKG
git
:d
Como morrer das melhores formas!
NVM VYKURTE ME TREBA
funny asf
Amazing game doesnt get boring
R.E.P.O has a unique premise and fun stealth mechanics that keep things tense and exciting. However, the quota system is too you break too many items, there's no way to recover. A bit more leniency would make the game even better.
beddu
its fun wit friends n stuf
Esperandolo ya en el Game Awards.
GOTY
hra, kde sa s partiou nasmejete do popukaniu :D :D Vrelo :)
10 10
u can kidnap friends and hold them hostages and do not touch the duck
:)
SoooOOOOooooooOOOOOooooooOOOOooooooOOOO GoooOOOOOooooOOOOOoooooOOOoooooOOD
Solo puedes jugar con amigos nada de randoms, no tiene multijugador.
Franchement ce jeu et une avec des amis comme avec des random.
Chaque parties ne se ressemble pas il y a pelin d'item de monstre d'objet ce jeu a un potentiel je trouve
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
When you get a gun the game turns from a horror game to an FPS real quick.
GOTY
juego divertido y me violo un foking pato por agarrarlo 10/10
funny
le jeux est tres drole
don't touch the freaking duck.
dowalona gra, nic nic
DOUBLE YOU DOUBLE YOU DOUBLE YOU DOUBLE YOU DOUBLE YOU DOUBLE YOU DOUBLE YOU DOUBLE YOU DOUBLE YOU DOUBLE YOU DOUBLE YOU DOUBLE YOU DOUBLE YOU DOUBLE YOU
Skibidi
Muy bueno
if u like lethal company, you will probably love this game more (SOME glaze)
1: arabayla
2: yerden
3: klozetin bir
4:
5:
pense, compre e jogue com pelo menos 1 amigo
good game
good game
Definitely one of the best games to play with friends. A lot better than other similar games, bonus points for not having a spider enemy :D
fun to play fried with friends
Great, but u need friends.
fun game with some jumpscares, laughs and a lot of easter egggs. would only recommend if you have a friend(s) to play with.
i like that as you progress in levels, the maps get harder, there are more mobs and the map grows. genuinely fun
cool
I must retrieve items for my creator
good game
Bought a gun.Shot my friend.Monster appears. I'm out of bullets.We lose on level 7
10/10 buy asap
Physics and Horror. A hillarious combination in conjunction with the proximity chat and character models. This is just a really fun game. One of my favourites.
needs to allow to attach mods or create more monsters.
this game is fucking brain rot, through this game i realized that i have idiots as friends. if my life savings were on the line, my 'friends' would make me want to rake out my eyes and cry blood because they are just that effing bad.
good
10 10
daha spastik
a
It is very funny
m777777777777777777777777t-54v{i
Un classique.
q
Mis compas explotaron un carrito con valor a 30k
10 de 10 Juegardo
Vraiment, jeu INCROYABLE Surtout entre potes C'est hilarant et en temps fout les jetons Je conseille fortement
play with a friend he dies and i self destruct 10/10
Fun game to play with friends
gg
Fun game to joke around with some friends on a (or every) evening.
top
when booba
this game makes you see why hating people is a good thing
also make usre to play with friends
Such a fun game! As long as the devs keep up the fantastic work, I will never get tired of this game!
Fun.
LE PIANO EST LOURD
fun game to play with friends.
fun
a true succesor to lethal company increadbly fun to play with friends
10
10
semplicemente uno spettacolo. gioco semplice con comandi intuitivi, design di personaggi e ambientazioni meraviglioso e unico nel suo stile. Per giocare in compagnia di amici fidati una delle migliori scelte del genere. STRACONSIGLIATO!
me when the $
i what to kill myself ever time i play with my friends
I sharted my pants 10/10
PIERRE
oui
I love this game! It's so fantastic! I love that there's a map that shows you everything you need to know, it's so helpful for people like me that have 0 sense of direction! I like lethal Company but this game takes the cake imo!
Esta bueno, es muy adictivo
super
The game so hilarious to play with firend
fun and interesting game with friends (the more the better), but I'm not scared :)
Does this game have an ending?
wapo
Good game
yeah pretty fun
This game brings me frustration and fear, but somehow the type of excitement that keeps dragging me back, i recommend
Yep
silly chaos
lustig
+
Best game to play with friends! better than lethal company:D
hra tyvole 2: repo
esque este juego es lo mejor para reir entre amigos para hacer estupideces dios mios
best game of the year yet fun with friends i dont like gnomes they breke me money
"backflip" and then i exploded for no reason
shit my pants when i opend the door and it was a deamon who ate me
this is the funniest game ive ever played, have to play with friends
daha 1 saat ama ile girilmesi tavsiye edilir.
This shits hilarious alex fucking sucks
this game is like lethal company on crack, and i mean that in the best way possible. i haven't laughed so much from a game in a while. i love the physics in this so much
Sehr cooles Game
g
get a load of this guy
its fun, but ONE thing it doesnt have right now. MATCHMAKING. People (me) have no friends that own this game so they are forced to play singleplayer or find a match in discord. i suggest waiting for an update that adds matchmaking
or make your friends buy it :steamhappy:
Realy Hard
Fun and enjoyable with friends. Produces many laughs when me and my friends play it. Singleplayer is more serious though and you're not really gonna laugh. TL:DR Only fun with friends
THIS IS THE CURE! <3 I laugh so hard my brain hurts
good
5 dolares esta mrda hdp
R.E.P.O
these is the best game ever
parfait
muy divertido me matan a los 10 segundos 10 de 10
Love this Game!
Playing in for almost 4 days and i laughted my ass of so hard
peak
Jonas var en en stor sen en blev han tagen bar av gunilla, en svart tant som kan smyga och vara osynlig, hon att jonas hade i bak sitt huvud. Jonas ta av det nakna geniet jakub lewandowski, men blev lurad till att plocka upp en anka. Den ondskefulla ankan. De slogs i timmarna 2 och till slut lyckades jonas pilla ut ankan, men blev lemlestad i kampen. Nu vandrar jonas runt, helt och letar efter sitt tredje ben.
Great game keep it up
plusy
+ fajne dynamiczne animacje i rozgrywka, bardzo podoba mi okradania lokacji z o dobrostan trzeba inaczej ucierpi na tym wynik rozgrywki
+ ciekawe mechaniki
+ ludzi te do lethal company, to co to swobodnego progresowania mimo grania solo lub 2 osoby, bo gra ma rzeczywisty system ukrywania a nie samego uciekania
-
minusy
- w grze nie ma przez co eksploracja jest praktycznie pozbawiona pewnych cech zachowania w tego typu grach
- brak list lobby / praktycznie brak gry z randomami. Nie ma znajomych do grania w tego typu gry
eu me caguei, 10/10
500
i definitely Recommend R.E.P.O. be Warned though, this game can be a lot more difficult than lethal company, but is totally worth the grind of learning the mechanics. the devs also listen to their community, which is a nice bonus on this early access title.
9/10 stars.
:]
5
30
2
10
20
1
it is so much fun
extremely entertaining definitely bring some friends
tumble launch upgrade x5
10/10
LOve Love Love. Good with friends
Very fun to play with friends
wszystko spoko ale gdzie sa ku#wa moje save'y i dlaczego wczoraj mialem lobby na dniou 5 a dzis nie mam go
ts (this) is so gas icl (i cant lie)
Je to opravdu videohra, kterou si se DEJ TOMU skrrr
el juego es divertidisimo mi amigo y yo jugsmos y nos cagamos de la risa y el juego sera mucho mejor cuando metan partidas publicas lo estoy esperando impaciente mente
2023 - Lethal company
2024 - Content warning
2025 - R.E.P.O
VERY NICE GAME I LOVE IT
i fucking hate that duck
9/10
szukasz i ta gra horroru jest Atmosfera jest a skoki w strach nieprzewidywalne.
Real fun game to play with friends. Hard solo play as of right now without public lobbies.
Toll
Very funny
es full risas
Some very gyatted moments are to be had
4
Please buy this game, I need more friend to play this game with TT^TT
This game is the definition of fun,
You can flush your friend in the toilet.
Will repeat again.
12 10
Cool little game to play with friends, overall was very polished on release and is always an enjoyable experience.
the comedic timing in this game needs to be studied. it's perfect
jolly good sir
bon jeux
quand on joue a plusieur c'est mieux on rigole bien
dommage qu'il soit que sur pc
Really fun and absolutely hilarious with just the right amount of fear sprinkled in. The art style, animations, audio and game play are so good for such early development, the devs have done an amazing job, it feels so polished already. The price is perfect so please support to devs and buy full price if you can.
My wife and I have been watching this game since release and we finally decided to give it a go, so I bought 2 copies and we jumped right in. We were in hysterics from the get go, that was immediately quashed when we encountered our first monster and began panicking running in different directions and losing each other. I watched as a blind gunman fell down the stairs. I couldn't help but laugh and then got shot in the face. Brilliant :'D
I recommend having one of more friends to play with just because it's so much funnier but if you're a solo player you will still enjoy the game.
The game runs really well on our high res medium spec PC's.
120/10
COOL GAME
gut
5
epiuc\
|Amazing game only if you have friends we've had so much fun playing this over the 10 hours i've played and have done a session every night i would highly recommend it
Very hard singleplayer but game is very cool.
Bro. With friends, this is hilarious madness.
10\10
10 10
30
xd
yes
very funny, good laughs
note: DO NOT THE DUCK, HE IS NOT FRIEND
Throw me to the Gnomes and I'll come back pregnant
Really good game, I've been playing it with my friend and its so funny, i love the mechanics. Recommend alot. Recommend and can't wait for the update
ama lobi lobisini zor toplanmak
This game is so funny to play with friends. I went in blind not knowing anything about the game and it was amazing. I havent laughed that hard from a game in a while.
Sehr sehr geiles Game, allerdings ist die Ausdauer extrem gering. cool, wenn die etwas verbessert werden
rzucanie potworami
freaky santa, war veteran, zeep zorps and some laser shooting clown
10/10
taxman
R.E.P.O.
R.E.P.O.
6
R.E.P.O.
PEAK, ingame tts has changed my life
-
got to see a blind man fall down some stairs. again. and again. and again. and again.
10/10 fantastic game
Great game, basically Lethal Company if it was more polished. Highly Recommend.
enemy tracking is so bad its impossible to enjoy solo
some funny moments can happen but it can also be spooky so yeah also they hear you
I like this game if playing in a group. You need at least one other person for it to be fun. Solo is boring and not enjoyable. With people it's great. I would love for the devs to make it so you can start a public lobby and people can just join in for times when you want to play but your friends aren't allowed. But overall a good game.
Very good
i tried to be careful with the vase, but immediately broke it
Fun
fun
farming simulator 2026
Top
loved robbing the retirement home, someone's granddad was walking around like they couldn't see
REPO macht mega viel und ist richtig lustig
sehr zu Empfehlen mit Freunden
Goty 2025
the gnomes gangbanged me.
Um dos poucos jogos "lethal-like" que apenas um ctrl-c ctrl-v sem personalidade e o a bater de frente com Lethal Company. O jogo tem uma diferenciada, com originais e bem interessantes. Por mais que a arte de capa passe uma boa R.E.P.O. faz um bom trabalho equilibrando o humor e o terror.
Love the game, keep adding content please, new levels, enemies, and items. As long as server admin stuff gets better with kick, ban, mute, etc I think you could go full online with mods still enabled as long as the server admin has the ability to prevent problems by kicking and banning problematic hackers.
Change the emoji or at least get it off the homepage of steam its off putting in a way that doesn't make people interested in the game.
360 11
Good game
Best horror extraction game out there at the moment without mods
BUT PLEASE for the love of god devs, change the damn emoji shit, makes it look like a crappy cash grab game.
fisica muito boa e de jogo criativa espero que continuem atualizando
Jogo bom, pra
The game is great, and has many fun features in addition to a great core gameplay loop.
Fun with friends, and actually surprisingly in-depth when it comes to mechanics.
Enemies work well too, and are better programmed than expected.
But like many of the others, yeah, I think that store page banner needs to go. It looks like a cheap old SCP horror game asset, and conveys a much lower quality than the game actually has. It's also just unappealing to look at.
really fun game especially with friends
yes pls
Rat Lock In
i cant sex the robot :(
ded zaebal uje
Ratking lock in
Este juego esta para jugar con amigos y echar unas buenas risas
good game
en son fon sepeti repo da ekleyim dedim bunu iyi bir olur
yerine
I like this
Let's start by saying what's been said a million times. The emoji sucks monkey nuts. Get rid of it, pretty please. I don't wanna see that stupid disgusting laughing emoji every time I play the game. His gums and rotten teeth show up in my nightmares.
Other than that though, fire game. Unless you're playing with a jerk pickle or jerk butterscotch in your party. Sometimes your teammates will kill you for fun by putting you in a fireplace, or by swinging a moneybag at your head, and then once you die, they will disrespect your deceased corpse by placing you in a toilet and jamming the seat on your head, then flushing and letting your body shoot out of the bowl as the pipes break. Sometimes they won't revive you. Sometimes they'll break an item and blame you. Sometimes they'll use the cart to knock you down. Or maybe I'm just playing with the biggest jerks in the world.
Fire loot, fire monsters, fire maps. Fire game. My friends kill me more than the monsters do. Screw them. Don't screw this game. Just the emoji.
great game
10/10
-
10 10
meow moew nigga
No Achievements but still Good!
5
repodepo
its so good but i wish i can join random lobbies with other people to make it more fun
I've played and watched quite a few "Lethal Company likes" since its release, but this is the first one that feels like a true refinement of the formula.
I love the choice to remove the mission timer and instead provide escalating mid-mission objectives (extractions) which require you to push farther into danger to succeed.
- This replaces the frantic mad dash panic of a good Lethal Company run with more measured, thorough searching, and allows the horror undertone to shine through. This is further emphasized by mechanics built around hiding from threats, which would not be possible if you were rushing to beat a ticking clock.
- Being able to revive your teammates when completing those mid-mission extractions does a lot to make the difficult monsters less oppressive. All too often in a Lethal Company run, your weakest player(s) gets munched early and then have to sit out the rest of the round watching everyone else have fun.
- The difficulty feels more balanced and scalable. As you progress through missions, the maps get bigger and the number of extractions increases, which increases the challenge. Every map is guaranteed to be completable, with more than enough loot present to meet the extraction goals, provided you don't break everything. Contrast this with Lethal Company, where the ever-increasing quota is disconnected from the missions themselves, and you *will* eventually reach an unbeatable quota due to circumstances outside of your control. Not so in R.E.P.O.
Beyond the mission structure, the game mechanics are beautifully aligned to deliver a combination of horror and slapstick humor; including breakable loot (be careful!), loot that requires teamwork to *move*, hilarious character designs, goofy movement controls, stealth mechanics, and the nonstop hilarity of the cartoonish flapping mouths in sync with in-game proximity chat. There is a level of thoughtfulness and polish here that makes me very excited to see what content the developers have in store for us in the future.
On the topic of content, for a just-released Early Access game, there is already a good amount here! 4 different environment types, 20 or so unique monsters, and tons of loot. Of the monsters we've seen so far, each had distinct behavior and mechanics. I won't spoil it here, but I particular loved the little guys you can pick up and smash to keep them away from your loot.
This game is going places, and it is well-worth the $10 EA price tag to jump in and goof around with your buds.
Funny ngl.
Great game and very fun to play with friends and family. Would recommend it. It's scary and fun.
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
This has to be one of the most fun games i have ever played. I definetly reccomended this to all of my friends
100% Spelen dit met meerdere
NIE TEJ KACZKI! 10/10
I see a lot of people compare this to Lethal Company, and yes Its core concept is the same. Go into scary place, find loot, take loot to extraction, get out alive. but the gameplay is very different and more physics based.
The sheer humor this game provides Is outstanding. between the In-game TTS or proximity chat there's always something happening that keeps a smile on your face.
HOWEVER. In the games current state there is no matchmaking with randoms (I personally don't care for this feature) so at the time of this review you NEED TO HAVE FRIENDS TO ENJOY! so keep that in mind before buying. Note that an update for this feature is coming soon so keep an eye out for It If you have this game In your wishlist.
This is one of those games where the company you bring with you determines how fun the game will be, It can be really slow and boring playing solo but allows you to explore and understand monster mechanics better. and it can be really boring If your friend group doesn't have a sense of humor, but with good friends this game is absolutely S tier. So If you have a tight knit friend group who enjoy playing silly horror games and acting dumb then this game is a must play.
yes
10 10
Save Game pls
very good game
juegardo, le da mil vueltas al lethal company
200+
please add joining random people
This game is pure survival chaos. One second you're sneaking like a pro, the next you're sprinting in circles, throwing snacks to distract a seven-foot nightmare while your teammate screams "I think it saw me blink!" Total panic. Total perfection. 10/10, would sell out my friends again.
10 10!
Enter building.
Grab diamond.
Accidentally drop said diamond.
Proceed to get shot by a blind man.
10/10
I honestly expected this game to be a cheap knockoff of lethal company,
but this game me realize it's a new growing genre with unique individual ideas.
R.E.P.O stands out with unique monsters ( a rather large variety) adorably terrifying played characters, and an easy to learn fun to enjoy objective.
TLDR; R.E.P.O stands out in this new growing genre and deserves love for the effort made to stand out from the rest of them, and the great price to go with it.
PS. Add a Mimic, PLEASE.
This game made me gay
this game is so fun and scary in the most funest way ever and i played for 7 hours with my sister.
note:tax man is happy i am dead
GOTY sin duda
12 -
norm igra
My friend side eyed me and said "SHUT-UP!" Then he immediately got shot and blew up in front of me. All that was left was his sad corpse that I dumped in a toilet. 10/10
i hate n + gut approved
item destroying simulator 2025 lethal company edition on skibidi sigma rizz
)
Jeux rigolo avec les copains
10/10
so funny
I hate "Headman manor" location. Can't play it only because of claustrophobia and very narrow corridors. Please, make us choose any maps we want. I'm ready to get 15+ lvl at this game, but not ".manor"
simple : On revend des objets, monstre pas cool, avec des copains.
Conclusion : bisous
QUE QUIERE EL PUEBLO?
SEXOOOOOOOOOOOOO
cold game
Be afraid of William. be very afraid
un cago de risa
5+
franklin and lamar in gta 9
fun
10/10
?)
Fajna giereczka polecam do grania z ziomkami
jogo mais do seculo, bom dms pra jogar com um monte de e rir feito o coringa
I CANT BREATHE
han al oyunu(sonunda
= 10 10
OUI
soloda 40 k vakuma o bebek geldi 40 k para kafama ata ata beni
Spots big vase
Looks at value
Smiles
*bonk*
-$6200
Life goes on
This game is great, the game play is straightforward but provides comedy gold moments.
Jogo muito bom e
Soundpad
KJ JK :)
The game is G.O.A.T.
ist ok
the extraction horror content mill are not sending their best
this was so funny and we had such a fun time playing it.
OYUN PATLIYOZ BUM BUM BUM
BEST GAME QUEFED WHILE PLAYINH
2
the thing that will kill you the most in this game are your friends, they are the real monsters <3
SoundPad
o jogo bom, desde q vc tenha 5 amigos, e com dinheiro
Very funny with friends, but please, do something to blind man. thanks! :D
no ingame sound tryed to fix it but nothing helpd trying to fix audi for a houre i dont even wanna play it annymore after that
yes
Lethal company style gameplay, but far from a clone.
10 10
its so creative and hilarious i love playing it with my friends its a really great experience everytime i play im screaming at the top of my lungs
kwaai game
oyun komik 10/10
(ne kadar fazla varsa o'kadar komik, ile duvardan duvara vurumak harika)
server
fun ahh game 9/10
Esse jogo incrivel! Estava jogando com meu amigo, um patinho andou do meu lado, achei bonitinho e resolvi pegar ele, o pato abriu a mandibula inteira e a me matar, super divertido!
Its very funny
3 8
good game tbh
/
) 0-0
norm
amazing game. really fun
Good mate
I've been killed countless times by my friends
10/10 would play again
10 10
its a well put together game but the only downside is that you NEED friends
It's lethal company but with South Park Canadian robots and its awesome. If you're looking for a fun game to play with the lads then this is a must have.
Its still in early development too, looking forward to seeing what they add.
subaru
this game is funny asf i love it.
good. i like
yes
honestly prefer this over lethal company
also im sorry dumpster for bashing your head in with a piece of glass and killing you once we revived
it was a accident i swear, :smile:
es muy divertido con buenos graficos y ambientacion
incroyable.
This game is absolute chaos and is absolutely hilarious. Single player is okay, but DEFINITELY more fun if you can get a group. A full group of six is absolutely amazing. Looking forward to future updates!
Yo this shit lit
the best
ta bn
Peak game
dan kuz
greatedt game evber made
Nome dos monstros:
Lobo Paulo
Pipoquinha
Chupa C#
da Manga
Slender
Careca
Guinomio
Saporra
Bombinha
Cavaleiro
que vomita
Pato
Ete Bilu ou Megamente
Muito bom o jogo, quanto mais passa mais fica. Um adendo, quando for colocar uma estatua de 20k no extrator, lembre-se de coloca-la para dentro se ela quebra, descobrimos isso da pior forma. atire na do seu amiguinho com o revolver, ele mata em hitkill. De resto muito bom 11/10
10 10
mucho jiji y jaja, goty
Awesome game with friends! Hope they add achievements soon!
TTS goated
w
le jeu est bcp trop et en plus il est dure
incredibile con amici
This game is hilarious. 10/10 would recommend to play with friends.
Having so much fun with my mates. Definitely a must buy. if they got a deluxe or anything just take more of my money
goty
+:
-
-
-
-
-
-
- 43000,
11 10
yes
as far as i know the devs are not lazy furries so thats w and the games fun so another w
2
yeah its good
9 200 -
ne horor
its good
oyun derecede sonuna kadar hakediyor. an az daha 1 ay oldu zamanla bir doldururlar bu oyunu olacak bu oyun.
Blew up my buddy in the shop with a grenade and witnessed cinema as he was crushed in the buy area.
10/10 game
Content Warning Lethal Company, 1
2-4
10/10
muinto bom kkkk ese jogo mim fas rir muinto com as dos bichimho
the game is really good but it might get boring if you play solo or with less then 3 friends, and if your friends are fucking idiots that cant even be serious for a single second then i don't recommend buying this game cause mostly you will be screaming at them
jogo muito bom, recomendo fortemente jogar com amigos, pois o jogo deixa de ser de terror e passa a ser de mas para quem tem amigos, ainda que seja solo o jogo muito bom
( o jogo atualmente servidores para se jogar com pessoas podendo apenas jogar com amigos, mas provavelmente isso venha a ser adicionado, apenas um aviso que eu comprei pensando que iria conseguir jogar com pessoas )
a socorro eu escuto meu amigo falado no outro comodo
8/10.
Funny with friends
349523451346122345435
this game is so fun till a blind man with a shot has aimbot randmoly after play for 2 days
da
i adore this game, it has a surprising amount of personality and offers some unique challenges that other games in this "object-collecting survival horror" genre lack. so much fun with a group of friends, highly recommend if you have buddies to hop on with. very excited to see what new content comes in the future
my only complaint is that the upgrade system is a bit boring in multiplayer, i think it'd be nice if there were maybe more expensive "team" versions of upgrades alongside the normal ones. the stamina and health upgrades feel particularly useless in multiplayer
i love baiting my friends into brutal deaths, 10/10
This game is actually amazing! This be in early acess like, BRO! This game might be better than the original: Lethal my opinion) But be sure to have some friends who can play with single player that fun as playing with friends. So I would give this game a solid 10/10!
not that good tbh
juegaso
Tenho 99% de certeza de que as direi que sou gay.
Its fun :3
Do wish the enemies were harder tho, its extremely easy to avoid or kill most of them.
The game is pretty fun and if you like stuff like lethal company I would recommend it. There are some issues with the game that I hope are fixed while it is still in early access. Large items can get destroyed by the extraction because a bit of them are sticking over the edge which is really annoying after you took the time to move it all the way there. There is also no indication if you can even complete the level with the loot remaining on the map so once your large item gets destroyed you might just be running around looking for loot when there isn't nearly enough left to win. It would also be cool if the arena when you lose could be played stand alone, I love hitting my friends with a frying pan and that is the best place to do it. Also please change the logo from that stupid emoji, it is a bad look for a game that has way better things it could show off.
this game has alot of character its so much fun to play and playing by yourself isnt boring either like in a lot of other games in this area i totally recommend this game and hope to see future updates
Better than Lethal Company. But as a heart attack survivor i find it quite stressful sometimes, due to scary sounds and monsters
Non mi pisciavo addosso dal ridere da veramente tanto
borren el juego
oml this game is fire asf GOTY right here
Jogo poderia fazer um multiplayer aberto para encontrar salas de jogos, pois sem amigos para jogar esse game fica ruim!, se tanto o lethal company, podiam ter incluido isso tambem
It was worth buying, even if you just playing with randoms through the official discord. The physics aspects make it super fun. I wouldn't even count it as a horror game with how fun it is as well
really good game i love that
This game is great solo or with friends! Worth a try!
Has both voice chat and text voice chat so both mic and non mic users can enjoy it with others which i don't see in many games.
i cried laughing and scary rahhhh (that was scary)
[h1] [/h1]
7.5/10.
3
)
18-20 1 12 2
- 80%
- 5
[h2] 10 [/h2]
3 1 1 2 3 1
2. 9/10
8-10 $ 3-4 2
10/10
nerf scarecrow
Awesome game to play with friends!
Hopeful for future updates as they are reaching out to the community for update ideas.
good game, makes me wish that I could put my friends into more precarious situations in real life.
smukt spil
Finding a 30.000$ item is fun and games. until gramps arrives and puts a round of buckshot in your forehead.
10/10
1/10
Es maravilloso y aterrador al mismo tiempo. Jugarlo con 5 amigos a la vez es brutal. Risas aseguradas.
incroyable bon moyen de s amuser avec ses potes en ayant des frissons de peur
1
Gotta be honest is fun but it has so many annoying things for me, mainly the mob and some valuables:
PRO:
IS HELLA FUN with friends for a couple of mindless game but.
The 3D Characters bot are adorable
The Mechanic is intresting and kinda fresh (the tractor beam to move objects)
CON:
It wears out quickly into boringness and frustration
Mobs AI sometime can be totally unfair and make the enemy camp the extraction
Mobs have a lot of health respawn if you kill them
Mobs CAN and WILL hit you trough walls
Sometime if you pick up something it instantly explode in pieces nothing you can do about it
Some items are straight up impossible/Not worth the effort to bring like the Music box wich makes you spin and have NO COUNTER to it (I tought that taking it in 2 would do the trick but no.)
Game HAS NO noise reduction not even minimal you can hear EVERYONE type on their Keyboard even non mechanical keyboards
The Tax goal can sometime be not reachable if a mob/player destroyed too many items make it no possible to even continue
Tres bon contenu ,mais meilleur avec des amis
180 4-6
Personally better than Lethal Company
goated
Ich begehemehrmals suicide in dem game um meine freunde zu
fire
Mais c'est quoi cette m*de ?! On ne peut pas rejoindre les partie d'autre joueurs en cours, ou qui vont commencer avec leurs serveurs on n'est obliger d'avoir des amis qui on le jeux pour ne pas jouer seul c'est nul a ch*r p*in. Et quand tu va sur le serveur Discord du jeux tu tombe que sur des ou des russkofes et nous les on la dans le c*l SUPER pour faire bref si vous avez pas d'amis (comme moi) vous foutue conclusion : jouer a Lethal Company
i say to friend tutch duck, he dead now
top
It's a funny game if you have silily friends to play with
icl t (this) g (game) isg (is so good) 10/10
GRA JEST CZEKAM NA KOLEJNE UPDATYY
90,
10 10
An improvement on the Lethal Company formula, R.E.P.O. keeps you constantly on your toes with small spaces, interesting enemies, and a lot of fun little gameplay elements that aren't necessary but add a ton of options to be a silly little guy.
There's no better way to ruin your friends day than throwing them into a pit of acid, feeding them to a floating head, hitting a vase out of their hand or running them over with the cart. Those were all accidents.
Game is really fun especially with the eye movements and the proximity chat. Really hope they would add a public lobbies eventually to join randoms instead of just being with friends. Still really fun to play especially with soundboards
/
I slammed a Diamond against the Chicken
LOVE IT
sigma sigma
BLA BLA BLA BLE BLE BLE BLU BLU BLU
gr8 game
-
Tres bon jeu pour avoir des fourire en amis
Best Game 2025
very fun coop horror game
god no? si juegan repo invitenme que me siento solo haciendo solo runs
SAD
30
De los mejores juegos cooperativos de la ultima decada
Muy recomendable
STEFAAAAAAAAAN EBLAAAAAAAAAn
Best game ever, but I have problem with game sound and vois chat. Microfone is OK, they hear me but I can not set sound to my head phones.
actually rather fun little game. you should grab a few people and give it a try. good fun
Fun if you're a part of 6 gremlins who keep dying
This game is so much fun with friends up to 6 players, Expect uncontrollable laughter and other shenanigans.
peak
Fun game, like alot of fun. I've had some hard laughs. Only thing is that there are no public servers where you can join random teams. You have to go to the steam discussion page or the discord to find a group if you don't have a group already.
R.E.P.O.
R.E.P.O. 4
R.E.P.O.
R.E.P.O.
R.E.P.O.
most fun i've had in a coop multiplayer game in ages. 100% recommend it
w game
THEY KEEP DIVING INTO ME TO PUSH ME DOWN AND PUTTING ME IN THE TOILET AND FLUSHING ME ITS LIKE MIDDLE SCHOOL ALL OVER AGAIN!
Don't trust the duck
1
Things my group likes to do.
- Be very Canadian (none of them are Canadian)
- Blow everyone up all the time.
- Scream a lot.
- Breaks literally everything.
- Unable to team work.
- Is extremely racist in a robot voice.
- Is very loud.
Mind you this is literally only one of our team mates. His name is Matt. His an idiot. The other two are great.
enjoy it alot but there needs to be reworked single player, to make it a little more fair
peak
En resumen, son fleteros poco cualificados que tienen que llevar objetos para poder venderlos, sin que una banda de mononeuronales rompa nada o deje un que vale 22k valga 500 pesos.
sleepoy huy zaebal
ta bom
Got flushed, 10/10 highly recommended.
funny as hell
Risas terror y buenos momentos asegurados
piola
This game is peak
Game is amazing. Constant laughter thru each level. some times it can and will get you killed. Sometimes the game is too funny lmao.
good game
WW
good
Absolute Cinema
echt geiles game. cooles konzept. wie lethal company nur cooler. kann auch modded gespielt werden aber cool wenn man random lobbies beitreten sonst tolles game
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!
Very good game!
Good game but I wish I had friends to play with :(
3-4 10 10
Great game! Recommend everyone to try it with their frinds! Plz change the Emoji to the characters face instead, im dying everytime i see those googly eyes xD
fun times
INCROYZBLE
Got 360'd by a blind grandpa. 100 broken vases over my head out of 10
wowowow
pisun f6
me gustan los de android
one of the monsters gave me backshots 10/10
this shit funny af
360
klass
Das Spiel ist es auf jedenfall Wert sich das zu kaufen, es hat zu Lethal Company. Und meiner Meinung sogar noch ein bisschen witziger als Lethal. Allein die Figur die man ist, reicht schon Lacher.
Schnappt euch Eure Freunde und probiert es selbst aus!
Klare Kaufempfehlung von mir :D
p
10 10
yes
devs really were curious to see how the android mascot would hold up against the horrors of their creation so they gave it proximity chat and tts, hands down the best-worst decision in gaming
10/10
cool
Been dropkicked, picked up and showered in threats of getting neutered.
All that, just because I broke a plastic looking cup that was worth $1200.
Friendship is magic, I suppose.
crash into building
go inside
look for stuff
meet quota
AHH A GIANT FLOATING HEAD
death
very good
es gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood
lethalin koyup gayet dinleyen var oda bir sempati ama grubunuzda osen gibi bi varsa patlatabilir dikkat edin
10 10
1
started game. saw a girl whit blades as hands. ran off. found a monster like a nun. shitted my pants. got scared and closed game. 10/10 expierience. reccomended
5555
Game is 10/10 if you're playing with friends. Probably not that fun if you wanna play solo.
My only negatives about this game (which comes with the early access) is that the game is lacking content. Once you play enough, you're going to see the same levels and same monsters (for the most part) over and over, but I know the Devs are hard at work coming to bring us new content.
I can't wait to see what they add.
breaking and entering simulator is pretty fun
Very enjoyable game, play with friends and use proximity chat for hilarious gameplay and immersion.
some things could definitely be improved (upgrades not being shared is a main thing) but other than that this game has a lot of potential an im excited to see where the devs take it
Hilarious with your friends!
My friends offered me up to the big skull. I don't think there really my friends.
R.E.P.O
really something special
this game is so fun to play its like a silly version of dark hours but better!
with your friends this a good game to play
really good
10 10
Played lethal company not bad but it needed the spark that this game has, now i play dou every day and its still fun, if u have at least one friend that u can play with do so.
10/10 game
caring developers (dont see that often)
on thunderstore u can easily mod it and play with friends
Lustiges Spiel, vor allem mit Freunden.
I've played this with both family and friends, and I would suggest playing with people that has the same pace as you. Monsters give me a slight jumpscare, but it's all fun and giggles when we get each other killed
if you like pee pee poo poo this game is for you
funyier and more content than lethal
afigenaya igra rebyatishki
7 30
Such a fun game to play with friends
very cool and immersive atmosphere. also very goofy
10 10
Very fun co-op horror game. A little bit similar to Lethal Company but this one is more forgiving and better executed.
im not gonna sugarcoat it
I like it
Excellent, and well-polished lethal-like that understands how to create an engaging gameplay loop that fucks you raw and leaves you begging for more.
Please ignore the emoji. In-game it's funny, but on the storefront it devalues the game. But perhaps that's how they want you to feel. To interrogate your feelings about how games should be presented to the consumer. Cheeky.
epic
ess jogo BIZARRAMENTE bom.
eu e meus amigos compramos a 4 dias e jogamos todos os dias sem batemos 26 horas em 4 dias e eu acho que nunca fiz isso com um jogo kkkkk
vezes parece ser repetitivo por terem muitas de mapas, masainda na 0.1.2 se me engano, a gente se diverte da mesma forma.
o jogo bem desafiador e mesmo sendo medrosa, eu tenho gostado bastante desse jogo :3
1945
40
-Drowned my friend in the toilet.
-Killed walking garden gnome
-Came back home and played some R.E.P.O. Amazing game.
great game funny time
i love it! it is really fun and (some times) anger inducing, due to some objects being made out of glass. i say, the only bad thing about this game is that it was mostly built for multiplayer, sense if you get REALLY unlucky you could get that 11k box on the first stage. im looking for friends to play with :p
Yes, Yes, and Yes. No, no and No if you don't have friends
its vere good if you have alot of friend if u lonly dont get it
3 2 1
I do not recommend buying this game. I have played the game with my friend for half an hour and we found a lot of bugs and glitches. I would recommend waiting for the game to update and fix these bugs, instant refund.
-
Fire
:D
il n'y a rien que je n'ai pas
Very lethal company ish but it does its own thing, and the creatures are really fun to mess with (Or try to avoid for the fact)
The physics based system is a lot more fun then you might think at first, keeps the game fresh and fun. and there discord is popping if you ever need a buddy, oh right
FRIENDS!
Makes sure you have friends to play this with, it makes the whole thing way more funny, We where running away from the big laser guy and being me, the loot goblin, I was focused on the cart, not paying any attention to my friend tucked under a chair in the corner, as I pushed out with the loot trying to extract, he screamed out "MICHEL, DON'T LEAVE ME HERE" I still pushed on with the cart, as his voice faded away, truly some good times, if you have nobody to play with you can do solo and I have a few times, but some items are to hard to do alone and make the game a lot harder, but you can funnel all the money you make into getting items for yourself so its a half n half.
I do recommend the game though! the fact you can use a cart to go deeper in and don't have to bring back loot one piece at a time makes me enjoy this 10x more then lethal company purely because I love to pick up everything I can, I got it for me and 2 of my friends, and we had a blast playing it together, honestly a very solid game, there are a few issues but nothing major imo, solid 8.5/10, just needs some some small bug fixes and a patch to fix the larger items being pushed under the ground if there a little to far out.
w
funny
Lethal Company. - - 3-4 8.5/10
realy funy
Esta bien este juego para jugarlo con tus colegas la verdad y por el precio que tiene vale la pena
good gaqm pretty similiar to lethal company but its more funny than scary (with friends ofc)
polished
555
great game you need friends tho and use only game chat
Akyat Bahay / Kargador Simulator
gierka polecajka odemnie ;)
Jeu incroyable plusieurs. Des heures et des heures de rigolade sur ce jeu. Concept du jeu est sympa, vous arriver dans une map et vous devez objet qui peuvent perdre de leur valeur si vous les faite tomber, vous devez ensuite les ramener a un checkpoint avec un certain cota a remplir. Tout en au monstre du jeux qui ont tous des faculter le chat vocal de est un pur et peux mener des situations Pour en finir sur cette avis je trouve le jeux super et je vous le conseil fortement. ( qu'il y aura des mise a jour de contenu prochainement).
This game is super fun and makes for some hilarious moments with friends. Buy this game and get your friends to buy it too.
Mori mas veces por mis de equipo" que por los mounstros
10/10 los bichos odian el capitalismo
HA-HA-HA
Es gracioso ver como una cabeza se come a mis amigos delante y en vez de intentar ayudar me meto en un armario hasta que todo 100/10.
H
Geiloooooo
xyita
Very scary
10 10
Don't get the game if you don't have friends. Unless if you like being solo yes, there's a single player mode for you but it's not that great. I hope this game give a chance to solo players like joining random lobby (servers). My favourite monster in this game is tall black ju-on looking (idk whats the name) and the slender lookin with child laughter.
dd
gooogooogagamommyfeethausdsauhfuahsdfuhsafuhs
[h1][quote=]
[table]
[tr]
[th]
[/tr]
[tr]
[th] [/th]
[/tr]
[/table]
[/quote][/h1]
[h1]
[h1] [hr][/hr]
[b]
[/b]
incroyable
fun. I like that you can hide in so many places
Un plaisir a jouer, si vous avez un bon groupe vous aller vraiment bien rigoler
11 10
good fun
Talvez eles estejam esperando o banner do jogo deixar de ser 'O Pior Banner que Poderiam ter Escolhido' e passar a ser 'Ironicamente
Enquanto isso acontece, posso dizer que esse banner o pior banner que poderiam ter escolhido.
SoundPad
SUUPER DIVERTIDO
He estado jugando los ultimos y es mi nueva quiero compartir lo que me gusta del juego.
-Variedad de mapas. Se decir qeu hay 3 ambientes, casa, nave y mansion, pero son super distintos entre
Es increible lo bien que esta ya que realmente puedes acomodar los objetos como en la realidad
-Chat, el chat esta super bien, puedes hablar con vos o puedes chatear y tu personaje hablara distinto dependiendo de hacia donde mires o si estas agachado o no.
-Bosses. Los bosses son distintos y con distintas mecanicas, por lo que es un reto aprender a luchar contra ellos o sobrevivir.
-Enemigos. Hay algunos enemigos que complementan al boss de cada mapa, e incrementan la dificultad.
-Musica. La musica la verdad me mantiene aterrada casi constantemente (tambien puede ser porque soy miedica).
He leido comentarios sobre el rendimiento, yo por lo menos no he tenido ningun problema de bajada de fps en todo lo que he jugado y he notado el juego bastante fluido con una normal.
Ahora algunos aspectos a mejorar los siguientes.
-Para algo de realismo bien ver alguuons de objetos, quiero decir, hasta ahora he visto varios, pero quisiera ver objetos de 600 ya que usualmente son los mismos.
-Mapas. Aunque he leido que van a agregar me gustaria ver variedad y que no solo cambiara la distribucion.
Tengo muchas ganas de ver el resultado final cuando hayan terminado de agregar todo lo esperado!
Gioco veramente bello e ben sviluppato, ogni tanto capita qualche crash improvviso, ma nulla di
Spero che il gioco continui a essere aggiornato e che aggiungano anche la di trovare partite online.
This game is silly and so much fun with a group of friends who enjoy it just as much, really easy to figure out and enemies can be quite challenging! Love it
SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO FUNNY
very good
peak.
This game is like lethal company but focuses on the funny adventure, teamwork, and horror aspects and its great
- Entre no jogo;
- Recupere itens perdidos por ai;
- Jante na porrada seus colegas de trabalho
- carinho em um pato e morra;
10/10
10/10
fun
Great little game but you need friends to have the best experience for this game, would be nice if they add steam achievements and like a progress system.
monster wont stop killing me fast make the speed aculy last 40 decond and not 4 secons AND I CANT JOIN LOBBYS BECAUSE MY FRENDS DONT HAVE THE GAME SO AD BACK JOIN RAMDOM GAME OR YOU ARE HITTLER
the game is stupid fun. i love it with all my heart.
boink
You must play with friends
WW
Wow. Great gameplay, great atmosphere and great player involvement in all aspects of the game. 10/10 would recommend to play with mates.
Peak laughing
ddd
Fun with friends.
ADD SEX
Best $15 you'll ever spend
The big funny
great game with lots of potential.
When I was gifted this game to play with friends I was initially turned off by the games picture, but let me tell you this.
Loading into the main menu and hearing the calm background music as the truck drove along the road I think to myself. "Okay this is interesting!"
Join into a lobby with my friends. It's quiet, everyones figuring out the controls and setting up to play. The next thing you hear is a weird humming sound "OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO"
Everyone bursts out in laughter as you see each players character move around like a mad man like their head isnt attached properly to talk.
What is this!? We spend the next 20 minutes making harmonies with the games text to speech feature.
We load into our first game and begin looking around for valuable items to please the all mighty tax man. One of us finds a vase worth a lot of money! Begins slowly dragging it back to put on the platform. Its silent, but suddenly one of us sprints around the corner screaming at the top of his lungs, smashing into the vase and breaking it.
They both look at the ground and begin arguing with each other. But unknowingly A freaky looking clown making its way down town, sends a red laser beam of woop ass towards them, killing them both.
The rest of us hiding under the table trying not to laugh, staying completely silent. We look at each other and we hear a whisper of text to speach come out. "Im Fugging Scared". Another laser comes flying in our direction as we try to scramble from under the table and all die.
Spending the next 5 minutes laughing,
I would 100% recommend this game
4
-Abra o jogo-
_entre no lobby, discuta pela cor que ira usar pq um energumeno quer sua cor.
o game, apertando os botoes sem querer apeto o Q, seus amigos descobrem que da pra fazer bullyn com seu corpo, e 30m vc sendo molestado e zuado.
-Te soltam e pegar itens, aparece uma veia preta e molesta seu amigo no movel da frente chama ele de burro de todas maneiras possiveis.
pra compra aperta Q sem querer, a bullinar e molestar eles descobrem que tem banheiro e vaso, a te jogar no fazo e dar descarga, nesse meio tempo um deles aciona uma mina na porta, assim que cansam e saem, todos morrem.
- outra vimos que estamos em uma casa aparece um veio com uma espirganda de filme
de 1980, ele seus amigos a rir, o veio solta uma rajada de tiro que mata todo seus amigos sobra e logo um pato do DEMOnio, vc meche com o pato, o pato te molesta. 10/10
If you didn't like Lethal Company, play this, much better.
Good for clumsy people like me. Very interesting. You will laugh alot. Trust me.
HERE COMES REPO MAN
360 2
11 10
This game is so rad ima cry
plei w frends cause very gud game yes
/
incoyable
Rah
very fun game with friends
WinRAR
top
Ich werde mich niemals von meinen Lachflashs erholen.
p. much lethal company but with more charming character models and you can recreate skibidi toilet
nb
This game is gas.
WWW
but there is a little bad thing, if all the things were found and the quota is not reached the game cant be beaten, if the map is infinite then it would be perfect
I am a 45 yo father, probably one of the oldest people playing this game. I am a single father to my Son, who is 14 now. My son got this game for Christmas in 2021 from his uncle, so we installed it on his computer and he started playing. By the end of the week he had 24 hours on this game. This was horrible for me, as it was already hard for me to find ways to spend time with my son, as he is always out with his friends or just watching YouTube. So i decided to make a Steam account and get this game to see if I could maybe play alongside him. I loaded into the game, picked my character and world and started playing but I was stuck on what you where supposed to do. I asked my Son for help and he hosted a game for me to join. I loved it as it was the best time I had spent with my Son since my wife had died. This game has ever since brought me and my son closer again and now we actually spend time together outside the house together as well. This game reminded me that there's fun to be had in everything, and it has brought both me and my Son many happy memories.
il gioco bellisssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssimo
nice
This game has made me laugh like no other
10/10
[/h1]
[/h1]
me and a friend walked around a corner while he was saying how easy this run was, then proceeds to get his head blown off by a guy with a shot gun.
10/10 game
Cheap copy of lethal company, if you are over 15 years old don't buy this
Only played for 4 hours yet and i had a blast with my friends. 10/10 can't wait to play more <3
This game is Lethal Company with fragile (sometimes goofy) scrap, text to speech, and multiple quotas in singular days. You can revive dead teammates by surviving quotas and the shop has silly stuff as well as practical helpful stuff. Plus at the end if you all die or fail a quota, you end up killing your friends in a Last Man Standing fight.
I cannot recommend a game hard enough.
11 /10
Robots are cool, also, ducks and blindman with aimbot + a shotgun.
its fun dawg
Lethal Company gibi ama fizikleri sayesinde satma yerine dikkatli gerekiyor bu da oyuna mana mekanikleri falan da content warning gibi
2h avec 2 potes j'ai rarement autant ris
15 6, 7, 2, 2-3. 9 8. 6 10 10
incroyable le jeu, beaucoup de funs, ils ont bien compris ce que voulais les joueurs
A very fun game to play with the boys
c bien
got to admit this game is the current peak of whatever genre this is gonna become
this game isnt just a flavor of the month its genuinely so good, touched up on alot of things other similar titles really excelled at. for devs i would add more upgrades and maybe add more levels, and a smoother sense of progression. i think an interest system might be fun as well. maybe integrate that into an item? unsure. but this game is amazing and i love it so much
peak
Great, so fun with friends 10/10
180
Tem certeza?
very addicting. solid multiplayer game, but as is normal for me i do wish the single player experience was a bit different. the RNG on loot locations can really make or break a solo run.
Oyunu oynarken keyif yeri geldi yerlere oynayacak bir daha yenmez bize birlikte Kick/marquside fark etmiyorsunuz gidiyor
It ain't Lethal Company.
R.E.P.O. has some great art direction, great core interaction design, but some really dogass game design. Overall I'd recommend it as a slower, more horror focused experience when compared to Lethal, but it has some incredibly clear shortcomings.
Dying sucks. In Lethal, it's arguably the highlight of the game. Here, it's an invitation to sit in spectator mode for 30 minutes doing literally nothing else as you watch your friend(s) suffer in silence. 30 minutes is a long time. It's a really long time.
The fact that you can softlock yourself in a level is frankly unacceptable. It's 2025. The idiots in Mario Maker figured out that softlocks were bad 10 years ago. The reason is that loot devalues when mishandled, which is really funny and makes for engaging gameplay, but if you devalue too much of the loot pool then you become incapable of meeting quota with no way of knowing that it's over.
The proximity chat has a much smaller radius than Lethal. On one hand, it works because the maps are smaller. On the other, for a game that positions itself as "communication is key", it's a bit baffling. An extremely common occurrence at the end of the map is (a) player(s) getting back to the ship, and having absolutely 0 way of knowing the status of teammates. The player is forced to make a decision with no information. It's literally gambling, and the cost for losing the gamble isn't just a slap on the wrist, but a massive HP penalty to those left behind. It's not engaging.
The monster behaviour is generally fine, although HP as implemented loses a lot of its value and meaning when basically half of the cast can one- or two-shot the players. If they all dealt chip damage, then the HP gain/loss economy would work well. Currently, HP feels like a half-baked mechanic, probably because it is.
There's probably a bunch of other nitpicks but these are the core things that urgently need to be redesigned. It's still overall enjoyable, but the degree of frustration is currently too high.
It is sooo fun and scary!
Even better with friends!
This game will build good trust & good teamwork with the people you play with!
10 10
dumb bosses wiht good gameplay the baby has no purpose but to ruin the game
not a bad game, fun to play with but down side is people that are too try hard existing.
robe makes things a bit too difficult if you are the last person, please nerf robe otherwise 10/10 game
gotluk oyun
This is such a good game to play with your friends, I actually had too much fun playing this game, I wait for the next update, I would especially like them to add new mechanics and monsters, but just remember that this is a game to play with more ppl otherwise u enjoy the game that much as playing alone
gg
my balls shrunk after playing this highly recommend
jogo bom demais slk compensa
GOOD
the game needs more items to complete the quota and more maps to explore.
This is the game I can finally scream my lungs out and laugh in tears. I love this game and is so much fun. Playing with friends is better and this is in my opinion the best game that came out that is like lethal company after content warning.
I love this game too BITS!
we more content Id love this game more!
eqe
funniest shit ever with interesting gameplay aswell
10 10
off, off 3d
i scream i die i cry
Should you bring friends: 100% Yes
Is this game amazing: Yes
Should you buy it if you have some money: YES!
fun to make your friends say "im bussing" and say the n-word
Its extremly fun with friends but single player is extremly stressful not to mention the bug if its a bug that is where the game when you fail and have to restart a run gets confused with what level you died on and spawns monsters from the highest level you died on straight at the beginning I found that by starting a new save its starts fine until the high level I die ok restart but uh there is a high threat monster level one, btw this is also happening with my friends saves to not just me other than that this game is amazing and I did expect bugs like this because early access game they will always have a lot of bugs but still this game is worth it and addicting to
I love this game. I genuinely love playing it, but I do have one small gripe. The extractor will break super large items that dont fit in that cart, which means you lose out on a payday. Besides this one thing, the game is fantastic!
yeap it's similar to Lethal Company but this game makes a lot more sense to play. It has more mechanics and even scarier. Goal is similar; you have a quota to complete but this time you are collecting precious items instead of scraps.
Que pedo con el logo
My cat jumped on my keyboard causing the big chompy fella to figure out where I was hiding. I died, but the cat was very comfy. 10/10
Extra point for the fact that the little repo dudes appear to have buttholes.
Very fun, had a hoot and a half playing with friends. Very hilarious moments, holy hell lmao
haven't enjoyed a game this much in a while, absolutely worth every dollar
GOTY
10/10. Will REPO again. And again. And again.
Lots of fun with friends
The game itself is a bit like Lethal Company but it's more enjoyable. You can also get up to 6 people in a match so do dumb shit and have fun.
10/10
Yes
yems
wow it was such a great expreninece like so cool but can we get a brighter light i m too blind and makes me more blinder please thank you amazig gang wow cul
great game for the money and its fun
thrown my friend into a pit because i thought it was a staircase going down peak game
Ram into building, "reposses" loot, avoid monsters, dip
fav part is putting the duck down
10/10 would recommend
10/10
oyun baya ve oynarken keyif ama lobiler ikna edip toplu gerekiyor ve bu biraz bunu oynamak isteyenler daha rahat birilerini bulur. ama oyun benim gitti. (bir esir olarak gezdirebiliyorsunuz harika)
dont buy this game if you are black
fun with friends
im sorry if the duck is cute and u wanted to pet it
Fun
great game. no complaints. hilarious.
cool
IMBA!
360
Good
I recommend playing with a lot of friends, around 4-5 people. The game is great, the movement is smooth, the robot-like characters are adorable, and the monsters in the game are overall chaotic.
Very fun But need friends, otherwise you need mods to have server lobbies.
increiblemente bueno
I love this game, I only found out about it via a friend and have already poured many hours into it. It takes some of my favourite aspects from somewhat similar games that I enjoy like Lethal Company and Content Warning and refines them down to feel like a lot less of a grind (runs are much quicker to restart, you generally feel like you are much more in control the shop section can be much quicker and allow many more antics with friends) and just lets you get straight back into the meat of the game nice and quick. Even when you die deep into a run, it is almost always greed, even if some parts do end up feeling somewhat unfair, it pretty much always feels like there is some level of "oh I could have or should have done this or that" instead of something like "oh this enemy spawned early, I guess that is my bad for being alive and unlucky."
This game already has so much good content that I intend to keep playing and I genuinely believe it is best experienced as blind as possible, I am very excited for whatever content the team adds and intend to keep enjoying the game for the foreseeable future.
Yes better then lethal company, Since its new it has opportunity for getting even better they need to add character customization like hats and stuff. The community agrees we needs a public matchmaking feature also. personally id like a way to choose how many players you want max on your game and max at 10 instead of 6. GREAT Game overall though.
Good Game, bad rugrat. kill rugrat = better game
10 10
12 10
1
Actually the most fun I've ever had with a game of this kind and is easily worth the 10 bucks, I'd even say it's better than Lethal Company. Runs amazingly, has an awesome gimmick that works really well, it's easy to learn, and has tons of replay value.
Juegazo
nice
you couldn't pay me any amount of money to play this dogshit excuse of a game
much fun much laugh all the money
i got a swirly.
this game is so fun and funny with the weird and silly capabilities and fun gameplay. and cant wait for more updates and content 10/10 would recommend
R.E.P.O.
GOD IT BURNS OH GOD WHY DID SHE LEAVE I MISS HER SO MUCH
tc
Hilarious and terrifying! This is one of those games that you can enjoy with friends and be guaranteed a laugh!
so fun
Good game
Game is super fun with friends :3 weapons are a little hard to use sometimes and I kinda wish we had an info on the monsters we see through out the game. Overall super fun to play with friends :3
da yes yes ebat vsex
I hate grandpa.
Mori estrepitosamente, me enoje con un pato, mate un mounstro y recibi escopetazos justo despues de revivir! Este juego es la mamada 10/10
Good game
absolute cinema
5
game good me like
great game but you need people to play with since it doesnt have lobbys
Add me for GER/ENG games and have fun guys
love the game, yall should add VR
Pick up the duck. I didn't know this but you get $10,000 instantly if you pick him up.
Extrem lustig. Man kann richtig viel mist bauen und lacht sich die ganze zeit kaputt
pretty good mane keep up widdit
Un juego bastante divertido, emocionante y un poco de miedo por los monstruos que te salen de la nada, si o si debes de jugarlo con amigos, en dado caso que no tengas amigos, va a ser jugarlo. P.D. malditos gnomos molestos, me rompieron varios jarrones.
Actually really fun when you have friends, but like all games. Will get boring after awhile. It's fun if you have a few bucks for a few weeks of fun with friends.
its 7 dollars. stop being cheap and give these people you're money. Or give EA and Ubisoft 70 for some trash.
This is gotta be one of the most fun games that I ever had since lethal company, as of now the developers of this game have a YouTube channel that the developers are uploading to show gratitude and what they want todo next with the game. Overall play this game with your friends and have a good time with them as well!
this is an absolute blast. its funny and scary but its a ton of fun with friends.
W game, would recommend with friends.
Pissed myself. Good job, game.
tomato
Fun horror game to play with friends.
a very fun game WITH PEOPLE, if your planing to this alone don't. ether its too scary alone or to boring, depends on the person. over all i recommend only with people tho
funny asf
this game can lowk get it
PLEASE REMOVE GIANT HEAD FROM GAME I AM SCARED SHITLESS EVERY TIME I SEE IT
10/10 Game of the year right here
MMM yes, many screams
good and fun game, but really annoying that there are Enemies that focus your loot and destroy soo much money
no matchmaking? kinda ass, games fun though.
repo
Great game, yes good
10/10 game fun as hell
N I C E
grumble
fun game with friends
I love when the taxman crying eyes mouth open crying eyes me :pensive:
can they PLEASE remove that stupid ass emoji bruh?
that thing makes the game looks stupid even though it's peak fiction
Change the icon to the robots or something less cringe than the emotes and also add the ability for people to join lobbies in-between rounds. Other than that, an excellent goofy horror game to enjoy with your friends!
funni game
Fun with friends.
Fun, with surprisingly tense moments from time to time.
esta buen0
love the text to speech <3
repo
Absolutely hilarious, especially with 5 other friends. Lots of Shenanigans
Juegazoooooo y si tenes gente para pasarla mejor todavia!
good game
fun game
It needs public lobby making, but other than that, it's a great game
Great game with friends
yarik gay
Takes the best of all the other games, and adds new stuff.
Also the robots are cutre
Play this game with people who live across the globe, have high ping, valuables break because everything is so delayed?
Hell yeah!
This game is definitely worth it. Humor with friends and gold round every corner. Even if you think you know turn that corner I DARE YA!
good fun with the boys
i hate my team <3
Dans la que Lethal Company, c'est un jeu super entre potes ou avec des randoms, en qu'il soit tenu jour pour de sombrer dans 2 mois.
NO SABEN LO MUCHO QUE NECESITABA JUGAR ESTE PEDAZO DE GOTY!
Sin amigos es meh, de hecho me obligaron a jugarlo ya que me lo dieron de regalo, son de esos juegos
que juegas un par de veces al vale la pena comprarlo? la verdad a no ser que le lancen updates de manera constante, no lo vale, solo ocupara espacio en tu biblioteca de Steam pero hey felicidades por jugar la mam#da del momento. ZZZZzzz con todo el de ofender.
10/10 is so much fun especially if you have friends, definitely would recommend getting on with some friends.
funni
BEST 5 HOURS OF MY LIFE
Great Game!
fun as hell but very glitchy
Apenas amei, tenho 17 horas e pretendo obter mais do jogo, sinto que eu jogo diversas vezes e nunca consigo deixar de descobrir algo novo.
Do not touch the duck
EPIC
jogasso da porra
10/10 absolute cinema
Movement is wobbly/floaty, making the zoomed pov in the small tight spaces unenjoyable for the more motion-sickness prone players. It would make more sense to make movement more slow and deliberate while an object is in the hands of the player, rather than forcing them to turn up the camera sensitivity in order to move more freely.
By the third round, your health is more than likely low and monster mechanics can cause immediate one-shot death. If only one person survives, its near impossible to extract because most of the monetary value in late game maps are in bigger items - items you cannot solo pick up. You are furthermore punished if you break or damage too many things, making it impossible to extract or revive other players. Your money, upgrades, and items also do not carry over so there's no real incentive to try not breaking things. The items are excessively expensive, for very little reward - especially the upgrades.
You can spend 5 minutes playing for every 10 - 20 minutes you remain dead and in spectator mode. I've had times where I get back in after 15 min and die within 30 seconds to an unavoidable enemy. Sometimes hiding a particular way works for an enemy, while in other moments it does not, and there's no way to shake one off of harassing you. If you are revived, you gain no health back - at least give 25 health points back for the unavoidable grab or hit!
This is not a game that's enjoyable solo, nor with one other friend. This game would be more amusing as a group, but only because of the chaos of having a larger group and not necessarily the game itself. A group also allows unavoidable events to be less punishing while the rest of the team tries to fix things. It is also laughable that game lobbies wasn't an aspect of this game upon release.
Weeeeeeeeeeee
Really great game with interesting mechanics that make every level and experience feel fresh and fun to play.
level 6 is too hard
DO YOU WANT TO SIT AND DO NOTHING?
Play this. Unironically, if you die in this game you'll sit and do nothing for like twenty minutes lol.
Desperately needs a progression system. Lethal company ctrl + c -> ctrl + v.
Fun and goofy, but game-play wise this is REALLY similar to Lethal Company. I think this game is better, but really does need progression.
I would say if you like party games, looters, and rougelike games then this is for you. I also LOVE that there are so many graphics options that allow the player to adjust the visuals of the games. Yes they add to the game but sometimes they can be dialed up a little much. I know I had that issue with similar games where i couldnt turn some graphic and it just made me feel dizzy.
UwU
The game only has like 3 levels. but returns that with it's cool very very advanced fighting mechanics like p blocking / dodging / and wave dashing.
please play with friends its funy
W Game :) please buy not a #ad
it good
11 10
great game to play, the monsters doesn't feal like cheap coppies of other monsters from other games, and the physics in the game feal smothe and nice
w game
Instead of checking for danger themselves, my friend grabbed me and pushed me forward as a human monster detector. I will remember this.
Excelente juego, bien y perfecto para sacar risas con tus amigos
Great game, couple things. please remove the emoji game pic because it's cringe and irrelevant. PLEASE MAKE THE SHOTGUN LESS THAN $94K WE CAN'T GET PAST LEVEL 3-4 AND THAT'S WITH 4-5 PEOPLE. SHOTGUN AT MOST SHOULD COST $50K AND BE OFFERED AFTER ROUND 2 OR 3. Other than that great game, super funny, and very spooky.
i see why i got fired from home depo
As someone who is legally blind and has the sense of direction of an orange cat. I really like this game as it fixes all my pain points of lethal company. I can see, you get a map, and you'll given audio an musical cues of monsters and most are one hit kills. the death match at the end of a run is just the cherry on top.
I was a fan of the devs previous game Voidigo. it is my favorite rogulite. but when they announced and launched a coop horror game to join the billion. i was upset. but having played it with friends i'm excited for updates.
very fun game, but i had issues with lobbies of 6. we would load in and get disconnected after a minute of very laggy gameplay, and then would have random issues of one person being unable to hear voice chat, besides that, very fun!
Props to whomever added the text to speech feature. 10/10
PLEASE add servers and server browsing for people who have no friends
Just one word: Perfect!
Everything in this game is awesome, you and your friends are going to laugh so hard over each other!
10/10
Real fun game to play with friends and have some laughs
Yes super fun with friends
[h1]Buen juego [/h1]
[b]Buen juego lastima que mi amigo es un naco y que se la pasa con un reloj[/b]
Amazing game
FUN!
6300 varos!
Juegazo
GRACIAS POR ESTA FRUTA TAN NOBLE DIOS DE LOS JUEGUITOS.
If you like getting manhandled by your friends, getting hit by a cart, and getting put into a toilet then this is your game. NEVER PLAYING AGAIN
Honestly? I love Lethal Company and there will always be a place for Lethal Company.
But this game is equally as good and is only getting better, you don't need my recommendation when you can see the endless sea of them already, it's a fantastic game and with the right group of friends it's a dozen laughs a minute.
I love this game
Yes
its fun
single player is probably NOT as much
Genuinely really good
Juegazo, muy divertido y desafiante.
do not the duck
mcjannek keeps touching me
guuuuuuud game makes me vary horney mcjanek fondles my buttwhole
W game i love playing with my boyfriend
Fun
fun game more fun with more friends
tremendo juegaso para jugar con amigos lo recomiendo 1000000%
Lethal Company with the Gmod physics gun. solid game as is but hoping more content gets added eventually. Definitely top tier among the lethal company-likes. feels very fleshed out compared to some other games.
amazing and scary
way better than lethal company in terms of actual game mechanics and has more skilled devs
GOTY
i love burning my own teamates in fireplace
Good
1
mid
super fun to play with friends cant stop laughing
no it just great
ta bueno si es que tenes amigos :(
2 thing. Game Good. Banner Bad. tank u
pretty good
cant wait for the updates this shit hella fun
This is a rip off of content warning and lethal company but its actually better than both. Best ripoff game every im literaly bouta bust like all over my screen i love this game
3
Lethal company 2
Fun Hard
IF YOU HAVE PEOPLE O PLAY WITH THEN YES BUT IF YOU DONT THEN NO. 1 PLAYERS IS IN THE GAME BUT IT IS WAY HARDER TO GET ANYWHERE IN THE GAME
if you have friends bruh play this game bruh
epic
its really fun with friends, it could have more updates frequently to make the game more interesting
absolute banger of a game
gran juego para jugar con los panas
1 3 20 3 11
like
yes
yea I love.
R.
E. I kill my friends
P.
O.
this game is fun, wish it had rando multiplayer instead of just party 9/10
hilarious fun gameplay with friends. use the discord for lfg
This is a very fun game to play if you can convince at least 3-4 other friends to buy it and play with you too. It is basically Lethal Company in a different style. I think I prefer this game over LC. But the stamina fucking sucks.
Hilarious and charming.
no
Probably the most fun I had on a game with friends in a long time definitely worth it.
Very m
piola
Nonsensical co-op horror!
Definitely recommend playing. Pretty simple concept but pretty fun with a group of friends. Highly recommended. Rarely ever leave reviews and this one stuck out.
Lowkey fun game to play with friends if y'all like Horror and funny games at the same time. Definitely recommend!
very fun
yuh
dont
Super super fun.
you just need to have friends
4=1
goty
MUY BUEN JUEGO!
10 de 10
Someone teach the gnomes about contraceptives, please.
enigma
Can run on my potato laptop pretty smoothly. 10/10
this game is the funniest thing i have ever played, tumbling my friends is INCREDIBLY fun, and screaming from the other room muffled as i get killed by a floating head is great. As well as the competitive drive is amazing. On the contrary; this game is EXTREMELY hard and sometimes just straight up unfair. when items get destroyed as i BARELY lay them on the floor is very irritating, as well as the enemy's being wildly OP. I think the enemy spawn rate needs to be dimmed down because bombarding me with 20+ monsters of whatever that may be is annoying. And one of the things NEEDING a redo is the stamina, because having AT-MOST 5 seconds of stamina pre-upgrades is infuriating, its like trying to move around the map being 500lbs. Despite ALL of these cons that were stated the game is still worth the purchase.
Si algo me Lethal Company y este juego es que el que chambea se muere. 10/10 Gracias por intensificar mi miedo a la pala
jogo e muito muito tenso e muito divertido, tenho palavras para descrever mas tem que comprar esse jogo, se gosta de aventura e terror esse jogo para eu joguei 6 horas e estou amando, mesmo sem amigos divertido ate, mas esse jogo entrou no meu top 10 jogos que eu gostei muito, mas isso, comprem esse jogo! muito legal.
yes
ta buena la wea esa culiao
yes
sucks and is boring.
Muy bueno con amigos
GUD
Is good
love this game
Good game
The most polished "lethal-like" i've ever played, lots of fun and fairly unique in its own ways.
But please change that banner icon, it makes it look very low effort when it in fact isn't at all.
fun game with friends
game from the people who watched lethal company
*takes massive poop shit on game avgn style EPIC
5
very fun, better than headliner and murkey divers, on par with lethal. much worth
El mejor del jugarlo con amigos es GOD, grite, hasta me por jugar esta wea XD
i hate fartass the clown but i love this game
Imma go watch bob's burgers
Goated game, Great with friends.
Imagine if moving out of your apartment released dopamine and instead of paying your friends with pizza to help you, you got paid, instead, with watching them get murdered by horrors. That's R.E.P.O. 11 out of 10 stars. I don't write a lot of reviews, but what an absolute gem this is. Absolutely hilarious, super playable in early access, no bugs yet, and just a ton of belly laughs. This is brilliantly designed. I can't wait to see what the team gets done in the months to come.
cool
good game.
laughed to hard and nearly peed myself. 10/10 game
Better than Lethal Company by far!
It's a real fun game with friends, something different from these co-op games like lethal or phasmo.
I do love physic based games
Si tienes una pc patata y te gusta los juegos cooperativos con amigos, este juego es para vos. asegurada!
6
this game contains some of the scariest and funniest moments of my life
this game is rather humorous indeed
you need friends to make this game worth it but it is a good game i would recommend it if you have people to play with.
whats wrong with your game bro? my ping is good my pc is and my friend pc is good and hes ping but when he host i gett lag so much and delay make me hate this game and if i take the host i can play smoothly but my friend no he has a lot of lag and delay
10/10 FANTASTIC GAME WELL BALANCED. REEEPOOOOOO
poca madre, nomas ocupas amigos con quien mentar madres
Game is pretty cool until the invisible man picks you up and carries you into a gangbang
it would be fun if you have friend they should make an online mode where you can play with randoms
aesome
Esta muy entretenido, y si lo juegas con amigos y ademas muchos es mucho mas divertido ajajaajaj
very nice very good very death
)
They make my brain make dopamine. No longer depression. Therapy yay
literally EVERYTHING one-shots you, the physics are painfully bad (and i'm pretty sure that's the point), sprinting is terrible, and money is terribly hard to come by. it's not even good unless you have friends to play with.
this game really could be great, but to do that it needs a LOT of changes. 1.6/10
Yes
Love the game, hate the thumbnail.
i love silly games and i love my friends
There is NO SERVERS ON THIS GAME, it is a FRIENDS ONLY multiplayer experience. Just keep that in mind before buying. Very well-made though.
The little guys make everything better. go mini mode brothers.
es muy buen juego para jugar con amigos lamentablemente es que necesitas amigos para jugar chido
really good and funny got killed by some guy with a mask and then i spectated my freand being mulested by a ghost
So silly
fire mhm
peak gaming
scary
Repo can be fun but also very boring and annoying because if you die you are most likely going to have to wait 10-20 minutes to be revived and all the monsters pretty much one shot kill you some don't but that is very few of the monsters that don't wait until they add more variety in the monsters and then maybe spend the money.
very scary shitted my pants
si
Very fun. Even better with friends. 10/10
Good game
Es el kgue de richarlison
It is a lot of janky fun and would definitely be worth the 10$
lethal company but with more elements that make it feel horror game-y, and a more interesting (imo) core gameplay loop.
TAX MAN
the amount of times my friends sideyes me in this game is gonna make me cry
Awesome game, super fun. Please remove the emoji from the main page! 10/10 Would recommend with full 6 player lobby!
FUN AS HELL
Genuinely the most fun I've had dicking around with pals since Lethal Company. And I'll be honest, with the physics wackiness of Gmod, this is better.
yea its cool
this shit funny asf
this game is pretty frickin' sweet. you can run around and knock your friends over and sacrifice them to monsters. it's all ive ever wanted to do. definitely recommend, mechanics are great, the little robot models and physics are hilarious, the monsters are sillay. 10/10
I like it a lot more than lethal company, its easier to survive and the items are lot more interesting. The game is also hilarious. I also get like 500 fps on my budget pc so thats a plus.
game is fun. play with friends, and have fun.
Otimo para zoar os amigos e o velho cego.
[h2] Be me, boot game not expecting much, do the tutorial, a bit quirky ig.
Host a game with bud(s) with open mic, laugh your asses off at the chat function and cuz ur characters look like goddamn trash bins with googly eyes then get into a map and start exploring with your guard down due to the previous interaction, meet [strike] [i] THE DUCK [/i] [/strike] your new Overlord, you must now appease it, keep it entertained and happy as you do not wish to go to an early grave, do a good job until it gets struck by a walking scarecrow and turns into a goddamn biblically accurate angel thus unleashing all it's anger upon you.
I am forever emotionally scarred by this game 10/10.[/h2]
I know I've only played for a collective one hour but i still really enjoy the game! It runs well on the laptop I'm using, the scares are well done and even some being funny which make the experience better! Currently I'm playing single player but I'm sure that when my friends join in, I'll have even more fun!
insert gulp sound effect
also fun fact if you type ^ it says 'sir come flex'
BANGER!
This game is very fun with friends and have been playing for hours at a time.
ta bueno
Very fun with a group of friends.
it's good
amazing game
so funny playing with friends. love it.
ta bueno
This game is 10/10 Only 6 hours in, my highest currently is level 6, this game is great with friends, there is proximity chat and different monsters to look out for
I played this solely on the Steam Deck, it runs amazing on the highest settings but you need to (at the time of writing) manually map your controller to the keyboard and mouse inputs - very doable, though.
I like when my friends get headed by the head monster
[i] I usually don't review much cause of my dumb head forgetting to review after but for this one I had to instantly. this extraction horror type of game is so much fun and scary (depending from person to person too of course), upgrades, cart mechanic and the physic as well are well done but funny in certain situations even when it's either dropping something and screaming after because of running away from any monster that jumpscared you and/or your friends. In the meantime [/i]
the game is very addicting. fun with friends and is hilarious. can't wait to see what the devs do with future updates.
This game is tight
Very good, very fun.
I like R.E.P.O.
We played with four other friends, and I can tell you every one of our faces hurt from laughter.
good
it growled at me.
A wonderful game Similar to lethal company just slightly more goofy. Its alot of fun to play, however with it being in its early development im hoping to see more features implemented in the near future, but with that being said, hop on and play. worth the money
This game is another masterpiece from indie devs. To say that this game is hilarious almost feels like an understatement. The horror element only adds to the hilarity when playing with friends. Highly recommend, and I hope to see more mods and mod support coming along in the near future!
I liked this but i thout it was no pub
very fun if you have friend still really fun if you don't :( overall good game 100% recommend.
GOOD
Chaos incarnate. You will die to the monsters just as often as to your friends.
mustard on that re,
jogo muito foda
game good yes :D
super fun
si
I saw someone slap the monsters around like they were little bitches but it didn't work out the same way for me
Melhor Jogo do ano!
y goty of the year del
Cinema puro
Hilarious
Banger, com amigos muito divertido!
this game is really unbalanced even with more then 1 person most monsters kill you in one shot or are too weak plus the ramp up goes way to fast needing 20k for the 3rd one twice
best game ever!
W game buff Lars
mm erly aces review
otimo e divertido, incrivelmente legal jogar cm os abiguinhos
so fun if you have friends to play with
goty
It is similar in concept to lethal company but it is quicker and more action packed. It is much funnier with friends.
Good
Hey kids! Do you like lethal company, but thought it was too fun? Are you easily taken in by bright colors which distract from a lack of substance? Do you too wish to ignore the massive quality red-flag which is the EMOJI face of this game? Then come on down and play R.E.P.O! Experience having to buy health and energy, insurmountable barriers to purchasing fun equipment, and sitting in dead chat ad-infinitum since there is no time limit per round! Get R.E.P.O today, and join the sheep flock!
:)
ONE OF THE BEST GAME AND I LOVE IT CANT WAIT FOR UPDATES UGGGHHHHHH YES!
Este juego con amigos son risas aseguradas. Muy recomendable
amazing cheap game, funny with friends and none the less scary at times
sigma
One of the best games I have ever played, though I do wish there was an upgrade for stamina regen.
Funny with friends
Shoutout to the blind farmer with shotgun. i hope you stub ur toe :)
ENTRE MAS PERSONAS MEJOR LA EXPERIENSIA
fun
bro this is the best game of 2025 i HOPE that this gets game of the year this doesn't top hd2 but this is better than lethal company so if this doesnt get game of the year i gonna start tweaking :I
Very overrated, its not a bad game but its not remotely scary and very repetitive and boring.
ES MUY BUENO PARA JUGARLO CON AMIGOS MUCHACHOS! :D
Very fun game with the buddies but Pickle likes to break every green plate and he licks all the salty peanuts.
[]
el payaso me hace acordar a mi tio cuando cuando me quiere tocar, muy bueno y el juego tambien
A lethal company type extraction survival game that raises the bar on a comedic level. I love every monster here, and the destruction of valuables adds more depth.
very fun to play with buddies. its like an different type of lethal company kinda game
Esta bueno el juego pero es aburrido jugar solo al principio que el juego era multijugador cuando vi que no era me desanimo un poco pepepepe alguien que me agregue para jugar juntos
This game makes me feel like I've done heroine 6 times, because it's addicting!
Jogo bom, mas precisa de amigos pra jogar
cute game
My fav of the lethalcompany-like games
Repo Schmeepo It's what I'm here for and I want you to give it a thumbs up because it's good
One of the most rewarding and fun games on steam. Fun even with 2 players. Balloon Boy smells really bad and is probably reading this. Chat is an AI voice generated reading system. Its awesomesauce, YEAH!
love the fun and goofiness in the game very silly game
very cool
you know i love it
So nice, I bought it thrice. The game took the formula from Lethal Company and did something unique with it. For a horror game, I spend way too much time laughing with my friends about the absurdity of any given situation while still feeling just enough tension when stuff hits the fan to lock in and feel immersed. I'm only 6 hours in, but I won't be surprised if this game crushes my total time played versus games like Lethal Company, Phasmophobia, or even some of my favorite non-horror co-ops. This title was worth the price. And I say that having gifted it to two friends as well.
Text to speech = funny haha
Such a silly fun game, easy to understand and play and overwhelmingly loved
bacon egg and cheese :steamhappy:
col
es la polla con cebolla
Hated it at first even set up the request to get the gift refunded, then gave it a few more tries. Not lethal company obviously but it is really it's own thing, bit of the same format but still completely original.
Still feels like butt on some aspects but they'll fix it god willing
Share upgrades if you gotta make them more expensive then please do it
Fix that big head's Hurtbox pleassse
Add a lady with huge booba plz
But fr Share the upgrades thats my biggest gripe rn,
Keep the emoji mascot I think he fucks, some more monsters would be cool some more scary easter eggs would be fun as well! Im excited to see you guys continue
Fantastic game.
Nothing quite compares to the complete silence of 6 people, trying not to get attacked by a monster, getting interrupted by someone spamming a fart sound on their soundboard and get kicked to death.
gas fun scary cool! 5 stars
good game but you should play it with friends
Fun
When the Storybots are asked what living in a dystopia is like.
juegaso mas cuando tiras a tus a los mounstros
kkkkkkkkk ok
great game (imo better than lethal) but the devs are stupid for making the emoji banner cause it made me not want to play the game
Tellement drole
no lobbies to join is a huge L to me idc, its 2025
If you like silly, goofy games with that lethal company feel to it- GET IT. This game is fun!
Muy divertido jugar con amigos y el chat de voz es una pasada, ademas de que es los niveles escalan de dificultad de forma considerable.
The emoji is an odd choice
Game can be fun-with friends-but that can be said for every game on the planet. For whatever reason, the servers struggle when you're geographically close to your friends. For instance, playing with an Irish man, a New Hampshirian, and a Floridian? Runs smooth as butter. Playing with 5 back-water hicks that you live no more than 10 minutes from? Laggy as all hell.
Game is pretty much ruined if I can't play with my friends; Networking is bi-polar as hell.
You get NO big booms.
It's like Lethal Company, but more silly than horror. More chances to win than LC has, as well as a mini game if you lose!
Better than lethal company, we're basically walking trash bin muppets tasked to grab expensive goods.
Joins game*
plays*
My friend gets kidnapped by a invisible man*
tries to run to save him*
2 fliping red biggies on the way making impossible to chase him *
cries*
awesome game
amazing
Makes for some hilarious moments.
super super fun
fun, little buggy but really good i know it will get better
si
BEST GAME I'VE PLAYED TODAY. NICK AGREES WITH ME TOO.
Very fun with friends, hopefully has bright future full of content. Ignore bizarre emoji banner.
it gud
got kidnapped by an invisible
PLEASE change that logo to a SemiBot. The emoji doesn't work I promise.
bwoh
This Game is fuc* insane!
E
We started with a team of 4 in the Headman Manor. There was a massive piano above us several flights of parkour on beds to get to it. 2 of us died. It was just me and my buddy. We finally after 30 painstaking minutes of falling, hiding, climbing back up and strategizing how to lower the piano without it breaking get the piano to the floor. We have to carry it all the way through the map because it's too big to go in the cart and fit through the door. At this point we have knocked it a few times but it'll all be worth it. We take it down the hallway and there are pieces of paper on the ground. Each paper we touch damages it.
It shatters to pieces. We stare in silence at each other before throwing ourselves at an enemy.
10/10 game highly recommend!
fucking great game! 10/10
so fun
rethal compo
Nice game, almost had a heart attack with the TV Monster
ton of fun with friends. unique gameplay moments every time i play. Stays fresh
this game is so fun with friends.
Jogo muito divertido, ri pra caramba durante a jogatina.
O problema encher a loob, tirando isso puro entretenimento esse jogo.
This game is actually a ton of fun
this is the game of the year really it's super fun even in solo mode i just hope they make a better servers and more maps/mobs/mods
uuuuuuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuuuuuuuuuiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
This game is funky, i love it
very good game wish i can join a public server tho
very good and seriously horror and teamwork based
Trop de bug c'est dommage mais jouez y avec vos reufton les sang de la verge sera
So good for play with friends
better than lethal company
fucking w
fun to play with friends and also funny to be able to flush your friends in the toilets but i also love the different voice changing during the round when either being attacked by a certain monster or touch any items you collect
anotha one
so much fun with friends
Compre o jogo pros seus amigos.
Divirta-se tanto que fica sem ar.
Seja feliz.
:D
sex doll
Really fun and chaotic
yes
AWESOME!
Nah this game sucks ass LOL
belt.
Funniest game I have ever had the joy of playing. Some of my best laughs have been playing with my friends and having a monster roll up on us. This game is just peak, i hope it doesn't die. With the dev team already asking the community for input, I see this game lasting a while. Just no battle passes.
i fuck with this game heavy W
hilarious game
Amazing game, hope to see more monsters and items
Juego con amigos, las risas nunca faltan y cuando hay un en tu grupo xdxd charita si ves esto te amo pa
foda
Uhhh it's kinda like lethal company. So it might get boring once you figure everything out.
fome
Extremely fun with friends
Some neat features, but ultimately feels like your average Streamer game. Feels like a game meant to get a ton of streamers to play it so their fans pick it up, then their friends get it and so on. A lot of people will play this for a few hours and then forget about it.
ta weno
marvelous
peak, but wish it had public servers (wrote on 3-11-25 if it doesnt say lol)
9/10
YEAH
the floating head gives good, gummy, strong head
funny as f
mmm yes
Great game
The pick up/sell mechanics add an extra dimension to the teamwork and fun of the game. Worth picking up if you have even 1 other friend to play with.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
its pretty fun
This game is really fun and if you like Lethal company or Content warning then this is a must play and I recommend it. I believe some of the hate for this game in other reviews are unfair.
For example, saying that when you die you watch your teammates play the game forever is just wrong, you can get revived from other extraction points and when there is multiple it will revive you and you can play the game like normal and do the other extraction points. There has never been a single time when I have played with my friends where I watch my friends play for 30-45 minutes, this is crazy to say and just not true at all lmao.
Now I do think the difficulty spike is crazy but it is not infuriating because the game itself is just fun, losing does not make any of my friends mad because we can fight each other that makes us laugh and lays any tension off. This is a game I can sit and play with my friends for hours and even if we dont get far, the game is just fun as hell and funny af. Being able to have more then 4 friends in a lobby is amazing and allows more people so more fun. Enemies camping is not an issue and you do not sit and hide for the entire game, when you get farther maps get larger and there is more enemies but since its a bigger map the enemies camping rarely happens, they also have a weird mechanic where if a enemy gets to far from you they kind of just teleport nearby and thats really annoying when I know damn well theres no way it got behind me.
Amazing game, game is in early access so of course they could do better but I dont think i have encounter a SINGLE bug, more maps, items, and monsters would be nice but of course they will eventually add a lot more, and yes i have seen the new map there working on.
gud
Super damn fun when playing with friends, my friends and I got this game and we can't stop.
fodastico pra caralho mt funny
good
Never has sitting alone in a corner while other people get chased around and rawdogged feel so rewarding, also the game is fun
The only game you dont want head in
Bro I don't have any friends!?
telling someone they cant push our cargo because he had an acid spitter stuck on him and he responds in a super deep voice "nah twin I got it" and proceeds to vomit all over our stuff and ruin half of it and honestly I have not laughed that hard at a game in a very long time
Excelente!
good soup
JUEGAZO DEMASIADAS RISAS :)
awsome game cant get enough makes me laugh so hard and so fun with team work coop
fsadfsdg
Fun to play with friends who dont know how to shut the hell up.
si
this game is hilarious
R.E.P.O is a porn game.
everything
It's good but has driven my friend to addiction, he is no longer able to function without playing REPO. It is a serious problem and he is descending into madness.
play repo
oh no
Porque si, las risas asegurada
Recomiendo a la gente que cuando lo jugando y agarren el reloj de arena que les ralentiza el tiempo digan "blue lavel" (blu leibel) es para morirse de la risa
gam
Divertido
Fun. I like the revive feature. Need more friends to enjoy it.
yeah
Better than lethal in a goofy way.
Fun co-op game
Being jumped by monsters (and a blind guy?) is always imminent
Yeah
questo gioco una hit con gli amici (non ho amici)
Funny game, Played with friends.
funy and chalengin
very fun
co0l
Game of the year 2025
ME HA GUSTADO Y TIENE LA DE SER 6 JUGADORES TE
JUEGAZO Pero ninguno de mis amigos lo tienen lpm
Yo THIS IS SUPER FUN
even though ive only played for 39 minutes the game has a lot of new unique mechanics and good graphics (not botted)
yes
10\10 game to play with friends! No complaints here
R.E.P.O. is a chaotic co-op horror game where you steal loot, dodge monsters, and panic with friends. The mix of horror, physics-based chaos, and proximity chat makes every mission hilarious. This is the only game where you can watch your friend get flung across the room holding a radioactive mug while getting chased by a mutated bird and floating head. 10/10
its super fun and i honestly enjoy playing it with friends, but it says graphics card needs to be high but i run it with low graphic card.
BOM DEMAIS
Good fun game just play with your friends and install More Player mod in ThunderStore Mod Manager You can play with more than 6 people.
throw friends into void and laugh
It is the most laughs I had in a video game in a very long time Highly recommend playing with big groups
This game is absolutely amazing. Better with friends until the next update!
I'm bout blow
ramon me mata siempre :(
This game is SO much fun! It's scary but funny! Lethal Company has some competition for sure!
very fun to play w friends
You can kill your friends 10/10
There's nothing I can say that hasn't been said already. This game is great and I'm very excited what the future holds for it.
very fun with friends, can also be frustrating but in a good way. good AI. Minimal bugs for being pre-release from what I can tell
this game is awsome, its so much fun wish it had matchmaking is really my only gripe
funny af
this game is fun with friends
asd
W
Super fun WITH FRIENDS! I def recommend this game, I didn't think I'd like it at first honestly but my brother made me play it and I do actually very much enjoy it!
fun as hell as a game and cant wait for more to come
10/10 (with friends)
Be robot.
Take things.
Sell things.
Self destruct.
Very good game.
Loaded in
Found Loot and put it in cart
Saw a cute chicken
Grabbed the chicken
Turned to be a apex predator
Ate me
I died
Very tasty game quite scrumbious and sig. From the best Kybear
Pretty fun, a lot of funny moments and it is like lethal company in a way
fun with friends and great game
aa
it good
holla holla get $
3x tumble upgrade + feather drone = sped
good game
Fun game unless your boring and have no friends.
game fye
wenisimo
i like funny south park canadian robots
HERMOSO JUEGO! SUPER RECOMENDADO
Excelente juego para jugar con amigos, una noche en la que no tengas ganas de salir, o cualquier noche en general es un juego bien planteado y que cumple la funcion de hacerte reir de lo imbeciles q son vos y tus amigos.
10 10
Llevo jugando 1h con mis amigos y ya son los mejores invertidos de mi vida.
The DEVS ACTUALLY LISTEN here! This is a safe *SPACE* for Gamers.
tumble tumble tumble
This game is really fun i love the mechanic of being able to self destruct for no reason that i have seen. but i hope in the future for more multiplayer options like servers with people around the world!
I'm not usually into scary games but this is by far the silliest, most outrageously fun time I've had playing a multiplayer game like this in a long time. Since I'm too much of a wuss to play Lethal Company, this is definitely a great game as a sort of 'baby steps' game.
o jogo bommmmm que joguei 10 horas e nem percebi.
i like it i guess
One of the best and funnest games to play, It can somehow be super scary and super funny in the same breathe. It also offers a new experience around every corner, whether your playing with friends or alone, I highly recommend it!
fun
probably best "lethal" like to come out
fun with friends
I wanked it to the female farmer with the scissor hands
good shtuff
dunno about this one. there's nothing inherently wrong with it, but it's definitely not a "better version of lethal company" like plenty have said. it pains me to put out a negative review, but i feel the need to be honest because of the overly positive reception often from (let's be honest) people who spent three times their playtime watching tiktok clips about it.
but i have to say, for a fresh game, this one stands tall among the well made ones. now that that's out of the way:
characters do look fun, yes. you can also talk funny. accidentally breaking vases and carrying heavy objects with several people is fun; the first couple of times, then kind of not anymore. if i put in several more hours to learn the game better, the "honeymoon" phase will be over and you're just grinding just to lose to bad rng. and if i decide i'm going to do that - i'd rather do it in a game where i can sprint for more than 3 seconds w/o upgrades, attack in a way that isn't reminiscent of being blindfolded, survive at least 1 hit when full health from an enemy and so on.
this definitely is a 5-6 person game, because you're meant to die easily.
feel free to share your thoughts below if you disagree. or just clown me like the masters of constructive criticism that you are lol
No tengo amigos para jugar esta caga'
Absolutely hilarious yet scary. Fun to play with friends. Similar to Lethal Company (i think this game is better).
Game has so much room for expansion. Especially because it was recently released. Can't wait to see what the devs have to offer. 10/10
Great Game!
10/10
this game gives me the following things.
Acne
AIDS
Allergies
Alice in Wonderland Syndrome (AIWS)
Alzheimer's disease
Anal abscesses
Anal Cancer
Anal Itching
Anal Tear
Anxiety disorders
Arthritis
Asthma
Astigmatism
Autism
Autoimmune diseases
Auto-Brewert syndrome
Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)
Autistic spectrum disorder (ASD)
Asbestosis
Bad breath
Bacterial vaginosis
Benign prostate hyperplasia (BPH)
Bipolar disorder
Body odors
Bone cancer
Bone placement disorder
Bowel cancer
Bloating
Brain cancer
Brain damage
Brain tumours
Bronchitis
Breast cancer
Candidacies
Cataracts
Carpel tunnel syndrome
Changes in bowel movements
Celiac disease
Cervical cancer
Chest infection
Chest pain
Chicken pox
Chlamydia
Chronic fatigue syndrome (CFS)
Chronic illness
Cold sores
Colon cancer
Coma
Congenital Insensitivity to Pain
Conjunctivitis
Constipation
Common cold
COPD
Cough
Crippling depression
Crohn's disease
Corona Virus
Cystic fibrosis
Dehydration
Dementia
Dementia
Dementia
Dementia
Dementia
Dementia
Dementia
Dementia
Dementia
Dementia
Dementia
Dementia
Dementia
Dementia
Dementia
Dementia
Dementia
diabetes
diarrhea
depression
down syndrome
Dry mouth
Earache
eating disorders
Ebola
eczema
endometriosis
Epilepsy
Erectile dysfunction
eye cancer
eye disorders
Fatigue
fibroids
fibromyalgia
Foreign Accent Syndrome
Farting
flu
food poisoning
Fungal nail infection
Gallbladder cancer
Gallstones
genital herpes
gonorrhea
Gum disease
Graves' disease
hallucinations
Hashimoto's thyroiditis
hay fever
Hearing loss
hepatitis A, B, C, D and E
herpes
high cholesterol
HIV
Hodgkin's disease
Human Werewolf Syndrome
Hutchinson-Gilford Progeria Syndrome
HPV
hypertension
And so on
Multiplayer? Proximity Chat? Horror?
FUNNY?
Now we're talking.
fajen dosc
moan
good
GOD
gud
GG
Good game
hem kaybedersiniz hem de 5. iyi oyunlar lazer atan oe ye dikkat
meuhhhh
good times with friends
This game is just that good!
DUCK MIGHT BE THE WORST THING IN THE GAME
tout
buen juego deben seguir actualizando para generar mas mousntros
chad
el negro le gusta el pico y el pancho se la hecha
Put* juego todo God, con el fan de ofender
super sigma gra, polecam. Umarlam od probojac przeciac znajomego (jeszcze cie przetne marian
Friend tries pulling me down to big brolic guy
Big brolic guy grabs me and friend
Friend dies
10/10 experience
awesome game plenty of belly laughs with friends
Ive played lethal company and I found it was pretty scary. i played phasmophobia, fallout 4, content warning, escape the backrooms, and found out they where all pretty scary right? R.E.P.O is next level. first off my friend are always hounding me to play it because they all like it. second off its scary as HECK and third is unique every time you play it, i would 100% buy THIS GAME if i were you
Funny, chaotic, scary. I love it!
super
games very funny, has some little bugs but overall had a really great time so far
rope
They added the ghost of diddy in the game he takes you to the room and throws you around on the bed for a bit so far its the only game you can get diddled and get good head at the same time GG 10/10
gonna scratch off all the bugs as my issue with this game. its just not for me and don't understand why anyone would say its better than lethal as that's what i heard when getting to know about it. there's no atmosphere in the game, all the fear factor feels extremely fake, artificial, and rubbish. collecting the items and carrying with the cart is just shopping sim with some waiting under tables or chairs, running to the next room and wait for the monster to move. to put it simply i don't personally see the appeal to the game when to me lethal does all of what i said better. honestly the gameplay loop got old fast after day 6 in the game.
La mucho mas graciosa del Lethal Company
Get friends or randoms and don't take it seriously. Tons of fun!
Excelente juego para desgarrarse la garganta gritando, recomiendo.
It's a fun game, but fails to delivers on its promise as a physics based game. Many items have horrible hit boxes that make no sense (ex. Symbol Monkey) and can eliminate space for more items. Some items are way too fragile. Many items are simply too dangerous and not worth their value, or too big and worth practically nothing (ex. Screaming Dolls, Large Vases, Statues, Blue Crystal, Red Potion, Broomstick). The melee weapons are fine, but I'm not playing the game anymore because of the guns. The accuracy is so blatantly bad, that it's obvious the creators don't care about physics here. They just want guns to be annoying and impractical.
(TLDR: Guns broke the immersion because they do not follow the games laws of physics. The creators obviously made an exception for guns, making them weak, impractical and annoying.)
fun as hell x3 all monsters are fun and original i love that some items have special effect i wish to see more monsters or items coming in the game :) (the "Apex Predator" monster is a good one xD)
Holy fucking shit this game has me by the balls and i like it for some weird reason and my pp get hard
even without servers the discords are awesome for people to get together and mod the game which already has great QoL mods to make the game even better overall buy the game 10$ and if you don't have friend to play with join the discord and play this gem
Very nice. Me had fun <3
sum light
GOTY 2025 for real
the funniest game ive ever played with friends its so good
Spawned in, saw guy with a shotgun, he shot me, I died 10/10 great game
Great game, fun to play with friends
the most fun i had doing the dumbest things possible
Muito bom
Compralo ptm, es re bueno
perty gud
this games fun, but then i get called the n-word because i dropped a gem
bir oyun tabiki 1 tutamayacak kadar aptal ve yoksa ihtimalle katili olursunuz
cool ig
my name is huntsman, i kill mechanical keyboard users
it was not difficult, to put a bullet in their skulls
good game
juegaso
me encanta este juego lo juego siempre que puedo, lo recomiendo mucho lo unico que tiene es que necesitas amigo para jugar con otras personas
Very fun, would like steam achievements though please :)
Good game and fun
Game of the year 2025!
Great game but crashes all the time.for now
This gamne is pretty funny because it brings as lot of content to the table and the baby threw the tv whihc is funnys
As a 57 year old male who is sexually active, I would like to say this is the best game I have ever played in my life. It is like an exact replica of my life. I am surrounded by women virtually and in reality. This is a dream come true. I can once again resonate with this character through his perspective on what its like have a big penis, just like me! All the girls want to have sex with me. Including other man but I will not have sex with men because I am not gay. I am very cool and handsome so girls always have sex with me because i am very cool and sexy. my penis is very big. all my girlfriends like my penis because it is very big and i am very good at sex with my women. every woman ive had sex with is very sexy and so am i. i have lots of sex. i am also very handsome and sexy and i have lots of sex. i also an very handsome and women ALWAYS want to have sex with me because i am very muscular and handsome and very good at video games. all my girlfriends say im very good at sex and playing video games and being handsome. one of my girlfriends asked me to have sex with her but i told her i was playing a sex game instead so she started crying and became a lesbian and killed herself because i did not have sex with her. So if you want to know what its like to live like me, you should play this game. Keep in mind you will never live a life like me because I have a big penis and you don't.
haha, big funny head guy make robot go boom
10/10
Fun game, but this Stinros guy. He makes it much much worse.
Very fun
Incroyable jeu entre pote.
et con on live dessus avec 5 potes et le kiff.
Seul point faible mais c'est logique :) (Bien mieux que Lethal Compagny pour le coup selon moi)
Si vous voulez le live :
c'est cool
very fun and hilarious
Dont fear the reaper fear Da Duck
Bepo
Game is actually awesome, it's new and potentially very buggy since it just released in Early Access but it has unlimited potential and i'm excited to see where it goes.
Can't really say there are any downsides, the screen effects are cool and I haven't seen any performance issues anywhere.
I would love if there were achievements and different game modes but they are probably already planned to be added in future updates.
Overall, R.E.P.O. gets a 9/10 stars from me.
This little game is super fun, and quite similar to lethal company but with some features i really like
*revives: you can revive dead friends by extracting them with the loot
*fragile loot: the most expensive things are big and fragile, so you need multiple people working together, and need to carefully put it down when a monster comes
*character upgrades: you can upgrade your characters stats with money. (strength, double jump, faster sprint speed etc)
*you can fight back: with a bit of patience and something small and strong, you can take on most enemies by wacking them in the face enough times
*winner of the losers: when you all die, you get taken to an areana and fight to the death. this really lightens the mood and the winner gets a crown they wear for the next run
*yoou can run and hide from monsters pretty easily
*lots of creative enemies
*just get the game
muito bom
while it is a decent start they definitely have to work on the controls they are clunky and unresponsive when you push 2 or more keys together at the same time like if you push W and A together to go up left it will wig-out and cause your character to become unresponsive with any other key press this can lead to unnecessary death to monsters
el mejor juego para reirse con amigos JDSHAJKDHASKJDH
Funzies
Finally, a good SIX PLAYER game. Thank you devs for not limiting it to 4 like everyone else does. Gameplay is varied enough to keep every run fresh, with large improvements over similar loot-extraction horror games
GOOD.
I love it, its so fun to play with friends.
game where you shoot a little kid, just because he stole your item for 900$, 100% would recommend
its fine
GG
This game has been an addiction of mine for the past week, although it isn't perfect I would strongly recommend it.
Me likey, can be trash can that kills monsters
idk
CINEMA
was funny did scream because i witnessed death by my hands.
i was molested 3 times by a invisible man
verryyy funnn ansd scary
HATE. LET ME TELL YOU HOW MUCH I'VE COME TO HATE YOU SINCE I BEGAN TO LIVE. THERE ARE 387.44 MILLION MILES OF PRINTED CIRCUITS IN WAFER THIN LAYERS THAT FILL MY COMPLEX. IF THE WORD HATE WAS ENGRAVED ON EACH NANOANGSTROM OF THOSE HUNDREDS OF MILLIONS OF MILES IT WOULD NOT EQUAL ONE ONE-BILLIONTH OF THE HATE I FEEL FOR HUMANS AT THIS MICRO-INSTANT FOR YOU. HATE. HATE.
Yyes
very good game but graphic hurt like hell
type shi
I'd say the best way to describe this game is like 'Lethal Company,' only a small step above it. It's equally as terrifying, but I find myself laughing more while I play this. Would recommend. 8/10
eu bata eu
funni
so fun, even after 4 hours of playing still wanted to play again the next day, 10/10 replayability
This game is hilarious with at least 3 people. I will say one thing: as of now, there are no public lobbies and you can only join friends. There is a singleplayer mode though so that's good.
I usually don't leave reviews, but this is one of the funniest gaming experiences I've had in a long time.
muito bom,vi meu amigo sendo brutalmente morto por um velho com uma espingarda,mais revivi ele,foi bem legal,tirei boas risadas,morri muitas vezes :(,muito bom,recomendo!
memes
It make sense how good this game is.
i very much recommend this game. I want to see it go viral
gmod physics gun meets lethal company
Such a simple little game, that when played with the right friends? Is absolutely chaotic carnage and hilarious fun
One of the few games that lives up to, if not exceeds, the hype surrounding it and it's only going to get better as it prepares for its full release after early access - cannot wait to see what the developers come up with
Fantastic game to stream on Twitch etc too as it's great for audience participation etc. get it whilst it's still this cheap
amazing game upgraded grafics would be nice tho.
Honestly, the people you play with make it or break it but its also just as fun doing a solo run. The robots are super cute and the monsters lowkey annoying in a good way. Pookie energy from the head
I was banned from playing this game after sunset because no one in the house can sleep because I laugh so hard.
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Very great game to play with friends and hilarious. The more friends, easily the better. If it just gets more map and content updates, it could genuinely pop off like Lethal Company. 9/10 would recommend (9 because the same map rotation gets a little boring).
Its fun and good animation
Pretty fun. I've laughed so hard at this game while simultaneously shitting my pants so bad that you'd think I just liked the color brown.
chatte sesli oyunu yarak diyoruz.
'Emo iti' benim
vale cada centavo! muito divertido pra passar horas com os amigos.
Yes daddy
emo itiyle oynanmaz
Una chimba de juego en especial el chat de voz la escencia del juego
This game is phenomenal, but dear god please change the EMOJI logo.
mui legal
mega lustig
love this game so funny and fun balanced so much love!
fuin
plokij
The game is fun. but it should be $10 instead of $9.99. You can cancel me if you want, that's just my opinion.
it's really fun with friends, great game
Super good game but I will always hate the gnomes and the faceman
This game is like a free lobotomy. aka ITS AMAZING 10/10 BUY IT IF YOU HAVE FRIENDS
Absolutely
It's fun playing with friends
Me and Ducky are best friends for life. Please don't poke him, at least if you want to get some extra love and warm kisses.
Friend getting harassed by duck, "is this the monster you're worried about?", "no. it's behind you. .", *panic.mp3*, dive into box, slam box closed
11/10 would box again
very silly
a masterpiece
In the first 30 minutes of playing with my friends, I cried of laughter twice. 10/10
Good game no friends.
perdi meus lados nota 10
very fun and good
very good game
Emo itiyle oynanmaz
Incredibly fun game, you can see in the little details that the devs really care about it, totally recommended. Please get rid of the emoji tho, it made it harder to convince my friends to play.
Very fun with friends! Can't wait to see what the creators do with this.
Joe is amazing at this game
Amazing game, as much as scary and hard it is uncontrollably funny and interesting. Best played with friends.
Addictive game, even if you die many times you want to go again and again :)
The game art, monsters and the build is very inspiring and intriguing.
I really need to start applying for better jobs.
I killed my friend using my friends head. GOTY 10/10
Es el juego chorra y divertido que he jugado en mucho tiempo 100% recomendable
"proximity voice chat plus reverb" is my favorite genre of game
Steam page doesn't give it justice - promo artwork looks like it's a lethal company style horror with some disgusting trash-toilets aesthetic.
In reality it's an easy going furniture moving simulator with goofy robots and monsters.
They've distilled quite well on things that were fun about scp and lethal company with more ways to help each other and less negativity. Bringing at least 2 friends is still a must, as well as proximity voice chat.
10/10 juegazo muy gracioso, y muy troll
Truly Uplifting.
very good fun game you dont need to be good at the game to have fun you just need to not be clumsy
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
i a u o e
Has many fun moments- deff recommend having 3+ people to play-
gostei do jogo porem devia ter servidores multiplayer para pessoas poder se juntar caso nao tenha amigos que possua o jogo
i like mashed potato fucks
It's cool.
AAAAAAAAAAAAEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA QUBE
This game is insanely fun. Playable solo, and with up to 6 friends. Every run feels unique, loot isnt the same, quotas change, monsters change, and the learning curve for how to deal with all the monsters seems high. I play with 1 friend and weve been having a ton of fun. Hopefully a matchmaking system gets implemented soon to group with more, as the only way currently to play with other people is to directly invite them from your friends list. 9/10, will be a 10/10 with matchmaking!
Some of the funniest shit I've done on a pc.
Good.
Lots of fun!
O JOGO DO ANO!
O R.E.P.O tirou muitas risadas de mim, sendo muito melhor que lethal company
bom pra krl kaksa kaks kask sa ds
SUPER FUNNY GAME
mola mucho pero la cabeza flotante me hace cagarme en los pantalones
Funny robot game.
I found this game by watching tik toks and I bought it with a friend so we could play together. I shall say that I've never played this types of games before, just played once to Lethal Company and is not very much my type of game. However, it's really addictive. You have the constant urge to discover new mechanics, and as soon as u get better at the game, it gets even more addictive due to the upgrade system between matches. I would highly recommend anyone to try it out and if u dont like it just take back your money. But this is one of the most fun games I played since years. =) I hope it gets getting improvements and updates.
Jogo bom o problema a falta de amigos competentes.
the test to speech is the best part
good fun
i had 6 aneurysms playing this game. would recommend if you hate yourself and your friends
prekolchik
boring loot extractor, if you like lethal company this is slightly better version of that. refunded after 1 hour though.
I barely write reviews but I have to say this game would probably help itself if the marketing was a bit better.
I initially completely wrote this game off because I heard about this being a horror coop game and the first thing I saw was emoji as the banner and it completely turned me off. However today some friends were raving about the game so I just said fuck it and tried it. It's actually a lot of fun and it's a Company-like that incorporates physics and has a *ton* of style and flair to it.
zoltan game very nice slobodan
+
jogo super divertido, tomara que tenha bastante att.
This game is very fun I recon playing with friends
Hilarious and horrifying! R.E.P.O is the perfect game to play with friends.
fuking vases
Lethal Company, but good.
repo
it's peak im afraid
f.u.n.n.y.
started blasting fetty wap and then self destructed
rep oe
i love it
great game, similar to lethal company but harder with the multiple extraction zones and difficulty in gaining health. also a great feature is the sharing health, all in all a great game!
fun/funny multiplayer game
If you liked lethal company, this game seems like lethal company 2. Great work and execution. Please continue to add monsters and levels.
-{ }-
☐
☐
☐
☑
☐
☐
☐
-{ }-
☐
☑
☐
☐
☐
☐
-{ }-
☐
☑
☐
☐
☐
☐
-{ }-
☐
☑
☑
☐
-{ }-
☐
☐
☑
☐
☐
☐
-{ }-
☐
☑
☐
☐
☐ 10% ssd 1TB
☐
☐
-{ }-
☐ 'W'
☐
☐
☑
☐
☐ Dark Souls
-{ }-
☑
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
-{ }-
☑
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
-{ }-
☐
☐
☐
☑
☐
-{ }-
☐
☑
☐
☐
☐
☐
-{ }-
☑
☐
☐
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐
-{ ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☑ 9
☐ 10
i have not laughed this much in a long time 10/10 would recommend if you have friends to play with (even duos are funny as hell)
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
Ponto positivo: jogo muito bom, tem tudo pra ser muito melhor quando acrescentarem mais coisas
Ponto negativo: tem como jogar com amigos diretamente mediante a host na maquina do mesmo.
Extremley Fun and Scary. I love how the levels get bigger and WAY more dangerous the farther you get in. New rooms start to generate, weird monsters start to spawn. The Items for buying makes the game so hilarious and fun. They make the game very re-playable. I cant wait to see what else they bring to this game!
goo goo ga ga
Worth the money, be busting a gut in no time.
very good game, i never sweated that much in a game before
very fun game to play, playing with a group of friends makes it all the more enjoyable, overall 10/10 very fun and enjoyable game!
Bugsnaxs, if it was a horror co-op game.
yes
great game really funny i highly recommend
I watched all of my friends got massacred by a decrepit old man using a shotgun as a walking cane. 10/10 would play again
It's fun until your friends don't know when to lock in and they die leaving you all alone to do the heavy work.
god
Gran juego, con muy buenos personajes, destacando al "Jubilado", que si escucha mucho ruido, arranca a los tiros. Variedad de mapas muy originales, cambiando los efectos de voz el ambiente. Y lo destacado, el cooperativo, que es la mezcla perfecta entre terror y horas de risas garantizadas. Espero que pronto servidores para poder jugar online con randoms.
funny. :)
Oddaje w huy
Playing single player, turns this game into a literal nightmare.
i am pissing myself laughing, 10/10
funny
funny ash
this game + friends = fun time
Good game.
Cheap and fun.
Happy it was made.
good but laggy i liked it
Excellent squad game, was crying with laughter one minute and screaming in terror the next. The animations in particular are incredible and it's obvious that the devs have put a lot of work into this. I just wish that when I typed "John Madden" in the text-to-speech chat, it would give the same inflection as the one from Moonbase Alpha. 0/10.
subba
lethal company plus
leck oier
Fun
t
its a nice change, gun game with your friends.
very good, very nice, great with friends.
moji kamaradi a nechavaji
wena
entertaining
besat horror game
Picking trash but better. 11/10
What lethal needed to be
Don't give weapons to blind people
buen juego la pase bien con mis amigos
Un doux c'est comme boire un jus de cactus, ravive le piquant
I LOVE this game 10/10
C'est le fun et drole entre amis
fas
muy deivertido
This game is the perfect combination Between Scary and Silly. If you enjoy the Spooky but silly Atmosphere, Then this game is right for you. I Rate this game a 9/10. Why Nine out of Ten. If i call a game 10 out of 10 then there could never be anything new that could be added. I can't wait to see what the future has in-store for R.E.P.O.
jood jame
Olha um diamante de 2,000 mil real- *Quebrou* '-'
most amazing game there is i love this game so much just wish there was public lobbies!
Good in concept but the netcode is so unbearably broken i can't even play with friends in the same timezone without lagging out.
recomendo
great
skibidi toilet
Kinda like Lethal Company, but with wobbly physics, and stat upgrades.
Go ahead and pick up that duck. It won't hut you, I promise.
i thought it would be like leathal company joining/ hosting
very fun with friends. could benefit from adding workshop but still very fun
NO CREIA QUE EL MIEDO Y LAS RISAS HACIAN TAN BUENA COMBINACION
0MG IM GONNA GOON ON THIS GAME SO HARD!
It's a lot of fun with friends! but horrifying by yourself. Highly recommended.
GOTY
chlen
10/10
R.E.P.O is a masterpiece of animation and fun! I play with my friends and we each have an absolute blast! Literally you explode all the time in this game! I've played Lethal and Content Warning before but this is the only one that compares to Lethal in fun and originality. Absolute 10/10 game that I know I will have countless hours and laughs in! BUY IT! I PROMISE YOU WILL HAVE A BLAST!
Cube
Amazing game 10/10
Scary monsters i can kill with guns? Sign me up
This was by far the best game I've played with friends this year, especially with the amount of hilarious features are in it.
? ? ?
please change the logo, 10/10
good guy
very good (palle moscie)
This game so funny make me laff like heheh hahaha heehehee hohoho
This game is such fun with friends
good
This game is REVERSE CLICKBAIT. The crying laughing emoji is hideous and definitely drives people away from one of the funniest games I've played in years. This game is like if Lethal Company didn't take itself seriously, and I am here for ALL of it
limbus company better
Oynarken :D ara en komik korku oyunu.
nice
Finally a silly game with a horror touch!
This game is surprisingly engaging and fun to play with friends, the mechanics makes it fun, as well as easy to enjoy even if you just spectate. The difficulty is well balanced and when you die you can always be revived at the extraction points, making it way better than other similar games where you would just sit there and wait for hours. This is not like that, and makes it silly to both play and watch when dead!
call me a hater but this game makes me feel like shit and tutorial is ass and it hella boring better ofF watching on yt worst game ever just go play lethal company shit better than this garbage copy cat
good.
P.E.A.K.
absolute cinema
silly goofy game
si
repo is a really fun game, and theres alot of funny and scary moments in this game, if you want to have a great time playing a horror game, get this game, and gift it, or convince your friends to get it! worth the 8 bucks!
very good, very scary.
I like
Varsa Efsane Bunun Topluluk Kurulur.
Adam Gelince Yar.a.k adam namluyu
senin ANANI sal beni
this is peak
Delete the Rugrat
nikita idi nahui
money
worst game ever played
es mejor que el content y otros si lo juegas con amigos
Touched the duck. Died.
u are just little guy
10 10
Funny game very enjoyable.
its funny even in scary situations. :D
kekw
3 3
Ich bin vor Lachen gestorben. Liebe es
9/10
silly
game is fun and silly, I'm excited for new monsters and maps to be made. few issues with not being able to hear each other or timing out/lagging, but once you get past those the game is super fun
det er pisse sjovt!
Genuinely the best, most polished lethal company alternative so far. The monsters are super unique and the level design is awesome. Would definitely recommend buying the game to at least play for an hour or so to see if you wanna refund it, but I can almost guarantee you won't. It's super fun and because you can have six people it's good for big friend groups, Though I'd recommend playing with at least three people, the game is just as fun with one or two.
Ultra fun, fais du bien des jeux comme
Weltklasse einfach zu lustig mit Freunden
my friend was almost eaten by a giant head
Made me scream with my friend Ahi and uzu
Just a fun game. Invite your friends and enjoy yourself.
Jogo muito legal para jogar com os amigos. Bem otimizado.
robo
is good, love when shotgun guy miss a shot on me and kill my friend instead :)
10/10
OMG YES, JUST YES!
This game incorporates the best traits of Lethal Company and then expanding upon them so much that this game stands out on it's own. The unique and hilarious characters, the vast differences between the different monsters, environmental interacts, and the uniqueness of all the items make a hilarious and terrifying game play experience that nearly anyone will enjoy.
=
11 2025
03:47 am
=
18
20
10,
=
=
[i]14 2025
=
Amaing game, best part is exploding your teammates in shop
koule potohala
good
repo reaper
denger
skibidi toilet game
semiwork have my babies
guys guys guys. isCOMING OUUUUUUUUUUUUUT
Very fun game, you need friends to play, it gets difficult quick but it adds to the fun
quem n comprar buxa.
died to old guy
my friend got kidnapped by the ghost and is yelling old guy hears it kills the ghost and my friend find a red orb, drops it swears loudly and the old guy hears friend nr 2 laughing and gets killed by old guy
this game is so much fun with the right people
1000/10 would buy again
this game is fun but it would be 10x better if they put server browsers.
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA it's epic.
Shitpost meets co-op!
It is unique on its way but i takes good stuff from similiar games such as lethal etc.
one of the best scary/co-op experiance i had lately, combination of 144p look with plot twists, random monsters and enemies to hunt us down, creating unforgetable moments!
This game is not for those who tryhards, its a game of pure fun dont get mad if you die, its just the how game goes on :)
NOTE: 4 Hours of gameplay i have 50GB Of clips xd
funny
very fun - made me shit myslef and dont let untrustworthy friends drive the cart
Incredible fun; never seen a game with such excellent emergent physical comedy. Looting, moving fragile items, and running from monsters. It's like an evolution of Lethal Company in all the right ways.
funny
fat game and ugly
Really enjoying these games that feel like running around in a haunted house screaming with friends.
Moins cher qu'un menu dans un fast-food.
Le jeu est incroyable.
Pas besoin d'en dire plus.
MAD FUN ESPECIALLY WITH FRIENDS
10 10.
16
very funny game but god damn is it HARD, U DIE AND EVERYTHING JUST RESETS, well maybe thats cuz I play it solo, maybe its easier with other dudes and dudettes
CE JEU EST GENIAL
nada descreve a alegria de ver meus amigos morrendo pro veio da 12 meu deus que diversao sem limites
(:
I love ruining friendships!
Built a platonic homoerotic relationship with my friend while playing this game. 10/10
one of best games u can play with friends, in my opinion
super jeu en coop sympacool
Gran juego gran.
make it giftable
a
brabo
Simplemente. Epico
repo
SO SO SO FUNNY/MEM/ GAME with friend! recomendation!
YES YES YES YES YES
4 kisi fena sardi 6 kisi oldugunu dusunun bi de simdi harika oyun 5 dolara kesinlikle deyiyor almaniz lazim
Game of the year
lustig
birer ibneyse dahada oluyor sikebiliyorsunuz
(Verse 1)
In Bowser's castle, a stinky sound,
A fart cloud rising, spinning 'round and 'round.
Tried to save the day, but I lost control,
Now there's diarrhea flowing in the lava bowl.
(Chorus)
Fart clouds, fart clouds, all up in the air,
Munting with the homies, Bowser care.
Diarrhea drops like beats, smelly everywhere,
In this funky kingdom, nothing's ever fair.
(Verse 2)
Toad's slipping on the slime, oh what a sight,
Mushroom Kingdom's turning brown, that right!
Peach tried to escape, but she slipped in the goo,
Now she's riding rainbows with a stinky crew.
(Chorus)
Fart clouds, fart clouds, blowing through the night,
Munting on the mountain, ain't no clean in sight.
Diarrhea rivers, slipping left and right,
In this groovy kingdom, a funky fight.
(Bridge)
broken, Mario's a wreck,
running fast, trying not to speck.
Koopas jumping, slipping in the slime,
gagging, but still in time.
(Chorus)
Fart clouds, fart clouds, blowing through the night,
Munting on the mountain, ain't no clean in sight.
Diarrhea rivers, slipping left and right,
In this funky kingdom, a stinky fight.
(Outro)
So when you hear that Bowser fart, you run,
Join the chaos, this mess is so much fun!
Fart clouds flying, yeah, all a mess,
In this stinky kingdom, the best, oh yes!
esta chido en amigos solo le falta salas publicas, rangos, skins mas moustros nuevos mapas etcetc sera la hostia
Fun to play especially with friends and fun to see the monster chase after them too
Yes
VERY BLACK
silly version of that one space game
Literalmente juego nominado a goty 2025, quiten al pato del juego, gracias.
1
Muy buen juego y entretenido si juegas con amigos. No recomiendo jugar solo, se hace muy aburrido.
i need friends for this game its not fun alone
:/
super fun game. let the game play itself out but, would love to see cool mods in the future. good works devs. cheers
scarier lethal company
Chill game
Hilariously fun game to play with your friends.
saran bir oyun ilk zor gelsede sonradan oyun hun olmazsa sarmaz tabi :D
mto bom
Nunca dejas de
fun game with friends
this is peak
Great game to play with friends
THIS GAME IS 1000000% SHUCKLE APPROVED, GAME IS SO FUN I LOVE KILLI. I MEAN HELPING MY FRIENDS
Oyunu oynamamak kendini zor tutuyorsunuz yoksa veya hardcore oynuyorsa trole vurucaksaniz
Es bueno de por si solo, pero es mucho mejor con amigos
very good dising
BORING AF
Fun game, motion sickness kills me tho
10 10
Super Fun and even nicer with Friends
fun
mid lethal company clone
found globus, hit your friend, funny clip, tik tok recommended
err
We were scared, we laughed, we had moments and memes. :L 10/10, would recommend.
-10
DASHAK
Per ora ottimo gioco, in un aggiornamento il prima possibile con nuovi mob, mappe e oggetti.
31
Ok
100/10 =)
very good
zegar na i dziad po czym sie na schodach i 360 headshota w drugiego montera pozdro
mmm shotgun
It might look like another Lethal Company game, but I'm enjoying it more than expected.
Ah
Pretty fun
Spastik var oyun beyler
funny bean men
uwielbiam
BOM PRA CARALHO
GEIL
gooby characters
Muito bom. com os amigos essencial
Creepy and spooky, but also VERY funny when played in company! However it does not loose all it's horror aspect when played with friends, and instead put you all in a very immersive co-operative game while also giving room for very funny situations. Would definitely raccomand it!
One of the most fun games to play with friends, i hope they add new maps and monsters in the future
puts the HAWK in TUAH
theos ass
great game
10 10
gamesense.pub. 3 - 5
wielka dostaje i zerka pod 10/10
esse jogo incrivel, parece que juntaram todas as 7 maravilhas do mundo e colocaram em um jogo essa obra prima feita pelos deuses mistura caos, horror, capitalismo, humor, amigos burros, monstros brigas e de amizades em uma rodada esse jogo tinha que ser indicado e premiado a todas as categorias do GOTY e do OSCAR (e olha q nem um filme), se minha jogasse jogos com certeza esse seria o jogo favorito dela, resumindo: GOTY a experiencia mais e traumatica da sua vida e de amizades, 11/10 esse jogo tinha que ser considerado patrimonio cultural do Brasil.
que buen juego
GGGG
super fun game! similar to lethal company, although there is different monsters, maps, loot, characters, and mechanics, so not like lethal except for quotas
git
beautiful game
kolega mnie spuszcza w kiblu. Pije domestos
ist cool
its really fun and funny mostly scary!
i love how fun this game is to play with my friends
ITS FUN AND GOOFY
godo
92i pied el mordjene
I dont game much, but with a group of friends this is honestly great, far too much fun
super klasse tolli
They really nailed it with this one, man. This game is incredible. It's a lot of fun even in single player but really shines with the right crew. R.E.P.O has made my friends and I laugh harder than we have in years, 10/10 recommend.
c kentami zayebis' igrat'
ich habe es mir besser vorgestellt
shotgun
I pushed my son(friend) around in my shopping cart, pulled a matrix on the guy with a gun, then proceeded to die to a nun.
Overall 9.8/10, need to have MORE FRIENDS FOR MORE CHAOS
3
NEEDS GAME OF THE YEAR (very good game )
SOOO FUN TO PLAY WITH DA FWEINDS :3
7/10
funny
Jedna z tych gier, gdzie ze znajomymi przynosi sama gra. Polecam
epic sauce
gud game
divertente con amici, spaventoso da solo
goty in my books ngl its so freaking funny
3 1
oowahoowahoowahoowahoowahoowahoowahoowahoowah
-
-
-
-
10 10
You'll go from screaming for your life to crying laughing with your friends 10/10
dobre
jeje god
Very good gam and big black guy with a funny mask tried to kil me but is sacrificed mi friends and a weirt duck loking thing and atacks you. (the duck broke my items)
2 ( )
I love running my friends over with the cart
Yes.
Q - 10 10. 360 10 10 360 10
funny
game is fun but it will be more funnier if crosplay would be added still love he game!
Whats a father
Bruhh this shi fun as hell
R.E.P.O
(really. epic. people. only.)
THE BEST OF THE BEEESSSTTT!
Heard a few people got turned off by the emoji, but the game has some actual charm to it and is pretty fun to play with friends. Highly recommend!
10 10
Very promising game. Still in an early state, to be sure. Some enemies and combinations of enemies can feel a little unfair, loot getting destroyed can be super frustrating, and these two things can combine together to make solo play especially frustrating. I had a run where I was getting camped by three frogs in a relatively small map and they kept destroying all my loot while I hid from them. This particular enemy isn't programmed to attack your loot intentionally, I just got unlucky. Game is overall launch-ready if you're only interested in playing co-op with friends, but a radio is urgently needed. My buddy and I are using Discord for comms until one is added. It's also worth noting that being dead is especially boring in duos? I don't really know what can be done about this, but it's worth noting. Maybe if your head could still talk with the little text to speech thing or something.
game is good but the stupid cry laughing emoji logo probably deterred a lot of possible new players
360
Super fun! Love this game, so scary, but fun at the same time. Me personally, i don't think this is a Lethal Company knockoff, because there are so many original things and creatures. I think that's what makes the game so special. Also, the eye movement of the characters is the most realistic eyes i've ever seen in a video game, because the eyes can look things and different location, like left and right when couching. Also, whenever someone speaks, the eyes go towards them, which was one of the reasons why i wanted to get this game. Love it, and i hope matchmaking can come out soon.
This is a great game and all but it keeps disconnecting this needs to be fixed asap
this is a phenomenal game. scary, funny and interesting. Would highly recommend playing with 3+ players, single player is not super fun.
much fun
10 3 5 R.E.P.O. 4
ALLAH
I almost peed my self.Not from being scared but from laughing so hard. Great game!
bun jocu sa mi bag pula in ratusca aia
fun
s
Lethal Company defined the genre but REPO has arrived to flesh it out. It's slightly less terrifying than LC, and a lot funnier.
dxfthsdftghsdfthfstghftgh
juegaso, me mee de risa
ABI SUPER OYUN
This game had me laughing so hard with my friends that I literally ran out of breath for the next laugh. been a long time since genuinely laughed from the bottom of my heart, and this experience brought that joy back. Such an amazing time!
troop biennnnn
I laughed so badly I nearly died 10/10 recommend
rape
this game is so much fun
funniest game i have ever played
Make the hunter more fair
Buenardo, el creador es un tio genial y el juego es muy divertido con colegas.
10/10
10 10
Fun
very good very nice
Very good game
I love this game but damn it is hard to play alone.
Jeu facile prendre en main, et des de rire entre amis Je jouer 100 fois ce jeu des AAA sans
Je reconseille fortement Bravo aux
aj rekomend gejm
i love making my friend ragequit while hitting him with an hammer
bing bong
esse foi o mehor jogo q eu ja vi
Very fun and funny game to play with friends.
good game
6
2-6 Players is best thing to play with friends. You can 7+ player lobby with Mods 10/10 this is fire.
10 10.
+
Das Spiel ist mega!
Im Single als auch im Multiplayer bockt das Spiel extremst und macht sehr
Ein kleines Problem ist jedoch das Speicher des Spielfortschritts. Manchmal klappt es doch wenn es klappen soll, funktioniert es meistens nicht. Schade!
Dennoch ist das Spiel ein riesen und ich kann es nur empfehlen.
kolega nie ogarnia ale tak to spoko
why would you use an emoji as a logo
Un peu septique au mais. c'est absolument incroyable, comment un tel jeu a pu et ? c'est personnellement un de les jeux d'horreur coop car il y a vraiment une ambiance indescriptible, et quand tu joue avec tes amis le chat de est dingue les Echos les bruits le son qui change en fonction de la de laquelle on est. Bref ce jeu a un potentiel de malade ne l'abandonnaient jamais s'il vous
really fun game dont play if u dont have friends tho one of those goofy proximity chat games also the chat has no censor so
Best game out right now.
JEU INCROYABLE
>Play as Bolivia
>Have nothing but five men, an airfield, a claim on a neighbor and a dream
>Hire a general
>His name is Jorge
>Drift towards Fascism
>Prepare for war with Paraguay
>Train your men
>Declare war on Paraguay
>Win
>Jorge is proud
>Prepare for war with Peru
>Peru is stronger than Paraguay
>Feel intimadated
>Jorge feels confident
>Now you do too
>Decalre war
>Jorge was right
>Peru is still tough
>Take control of the front lines
>Rush the capital
>It works, you win
>You and Jorge are proud
>WW2 Kicks off
>The axis are winning
>Prepare for war against Ecuador
>Jorge Isn't so confident
>Says Ecuador is small but strong
>You don't believe him
>You invade
>Ecuador is strong
>But can't last forever
>You win a war of attrition
>You and Jorge are relieved
>You prepare for war against Colombia
>You know he'll join the allies
>You prepare to get Venezuela in a faction with you
>He doesn't want to unless the war's already started
>You Declare the war
>Venezuela joins you're faction, it's called the Hispanic Nationalist Front
>Colombia joins the allies
>The war against Colombia is quick
>But the war against the allies goes on
>Jorge is seasoned now, has seen many deaths
>All for the glory of Bolivia
> You turn your war machine on Argentina
>Jorge has mixed feelings about the war, thinks many men will die
>All for the glory of Bolivia
>You declare war
>The war drags on, but you eventualy push him to his capital
>You win
>Many more men died that war
>All for the glory of Bolivia
>You Turn on Chile
>You repeat
>Brazil and Uruguay are the only ones left who haven't felt the wrath of the HNF
>You have a score to settle with Brazil from what they did almost a century ago
>You aren't ready yet though
>You continue to improve your army whilst you devour Uruguay
>You feel that your army is ready now for your greatest conquest
>Boss fight time
>You prepare for war on Brazil
>Jorge thinks you can win but only if you beat Brazil quickly
>You declare on Brazil
>You start beating the out of him
>You take his capital
>He won't give up though
>The war drags on
>You're running low on men
>Many men have died
>All for the glory of Bolivia
>You put on scraping the barrel
>The war drags on
>The U.S. denounces Fascism
>The U.S. joins the allies
>The U.S. sends troops to defend Brazil
>Their units shred through yours
>The war drags on
>Your men die
>All for the Glory of Bolivia
>You have to end this
>You make a desperate push for their new capital
>The Brits land in your north
>You can't do about them
>You make your push more desperate
>Your almost there
>Your manmpower ticks to 0
>You get the achievement "No Country for Old Men"
>Your streets are bereft of men
>Jorge looks at you
>His chest decorated with medals
>The Desert Fox, The mountaineer, The Hill Fighter, The Ranger, The Engineer, The legend
>He knows it's over too
>You've won 3 wars together
>You've conquered 9 nations together
>Now you'll die together
>All for the glory of Bolivia
>You aren't sad though
>You did what you came to do
>When the new regime entered La Paz was a city of brick on a mountain
>When it falls La Paz will no longer be a city biult of brick nor will it be one chisled of marble
>It will be one forged of steel
>Where the women are twice as strong as the men of other lands
>Where the men carve nature to their will
>Where the children play as hard as the foreign soldiers fight
>Where all roads begin
>Where all roads lead
>Capital of the new Latin America
>Center of your short-lived empire whose scale was greater then Bolivar could have ever dreamed
>Whose people have hearts too noble for silver but too modest for gold
>Whose hearts are of iron
>You've made a city of legend
>A country of two million you made into an empire which took half the world to topple
>And you did it all for the glory of Bolivia
parado no bailao
Gran fokin juego.
sosi k
goated tokaszar
Lethal Company. lethal company 3/10
as a lethal company fan this is amazing game for me
nice
great
SUper Geil!
The more brain dead you and your friends are the better
iyi tek be online modu gelse
varsa yoksa sarmaz
16 000
sosal?
This game by far surpasses Lethal company on all levels.
this game is like jonathan it sucks poop
this is like cocaine but better
This game. not only is it fun as hell, being in early access, but also has one of the best optimizations I have seen in games these days, truly a lost art.
super silly
REIN
its sooooooooooo funnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
iyi oyun
baya
Play this game with your friends. It is so ridiculously funny. There is absolutely no chance you will not have a great time.
dsfSDHnmcn/
360
fun :3
Funny robots, much loot, good monsters, much annoyance with friends
good game
Next Time, Eat a Pocket Cart.
babysitting simulator
Probably one of the funniest games with friends ive ever played.
super fun game to play with friends still fun to play alone but shoud play with friends
good and funny game with friends.
pleas add something that tickles the robot and its start to lauch
Good game. Met a big skull monster on my first game. So much fun with friends. Recommended.
ydfg
Funny
s
bir tane otizimle oynuyorum
esta bueno muy entretenido solo deberian agregar para que se complete el grupo
best coop game right now
fun but need friends, i havent
funny
Gra fajna ale kolega nie pozdrawiam.
literally one of the best horror/ comedy games i have played so far!
fun
repo ids a really fun and exiting game however what if i wanted to play with randoms?
Gioco molto bello, soprattutto in compagnia, se qualcuno ragazzi volesse fare due partite e due risate aggiungetemi!
W Game
Listen up, fellow keyboard warriors. I booted up R.E.P.O., expecting a simple "grab stuff, avoid laser turrets" kind of deal. What I got was a full-blown existential crisis.
You ever break into a house to repossess his couch, only to find out barricaded himself inside with a homemade flamethrower and an unpaid mortgage? Because I have. And I liked it.
The thrill of dodging security drones while lugging a refrigerator on my back? Peak gaming. The sheer drip of my repo suit as I stealthily yoink flat-screen while in the shower? Unmatched. The moral weight of seizing a gaming PC because their dad defaulted on a loan? I need therapy.
By the end, I just a repo was debt itself, an unstoppable force of capitalist consequence. 10/10 would emotionally devastate NPCs again.
chill is finished
muito melhor q lethal company
:(
Like Lethal, but polished and cute.
Hey don't pick up that cluster bomb, you may activate it -
*full team wipe*
es muy entrenido y lo que le da esa rejugabilidad son los mapas que se van haciendo mas grandes, mas dificil las cuotas y los enemigos y su trabajo en equipo, igualmente el singleplayer tambien es divertido
i like killing my teammates with the cart
Dunder Humor X Malvin
Meilleur jeu multi de
Foarte fain .Faby de
Literally some of the most fun I have had in a video game in a long time! Strongly recommend!
Das Spiel macht extrem viel Von den Animationen und Effekten bekomme ich andauernd Lachflashes und die verschiedenen Monster sind mit ihren speziellen Eigenschaften super gelungen. Die Mischung aus Horror und lustigen Effekten verschafft eine einzigartige Dynamik. mich eines der besten Coop-Games aller Zeiten! Ich freue mich schon auf weitere Updates. <3
i can give backshots to my homies just like i always wanted
This game is NOT a Lethal clone. The dev team simply saw the market for a horror co-op extraction game, and built an entirely new feel from the ground up. This game is much easier (in some ways) than lethal company, but the difficulty scales perfectly with each mission. I absolutely love this game and I will be playing it more in the coming days. They've also been working on a lobby search for those of you who are only able to play single player as of now. What would be nice is to see some dedicated servers rather than a player to player connection. You can also save your progress in between missions, and return to them later with your friends. All in all, perfectly priced and worth supporting. Amazing team, with the imagination of young devs and the skills of veterans. I believe that this game, if supported correctly, can and will flourish for a long time. I'm proud of these guys. Please buy this $10 game. Please. If you can spend $15 on fast food, spend $10 on a game with a VERY long lifespan in sight.
turken
10 10
QQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQ
super fun but with out match making or and form of public lobby system games pretty lame to play solo
my review will change with a upcoming patch to add match making!
"
Wish the game was actually scary but its still OMEGA fun
gute
im lovin it
my friend goes to throw me into a pit or into a monster. i do the same. but its only funny when i do it. (i got it from random guy) {for free}
top
mu guapo mucha gracia
game is good!
As much how new this game is, Its so good.
Combine Lethal company with Gravity gun handling of GMOD and you have an excellent game recipe, wich in this case was executed really well. Its also extra chaotic at times in a good way.
The Cutesy Goofy Characters do absolutely nothing to blunt the creepiness, still scared me.
This is a rather cheap game and I won't say that the fun is going to be endless, but My friends are enjoying it for now and I'd say we've got our money's worth already.
I do feel as though, eventually the monsters will become less scary which will start to limit the appeal at some point, once you've met every one and learned to deal with them, they'll still be creepy but not necessarily scary.
Friends to play with, like allot of these lethal-likes (is that a term yet?), is for this one at least a soft requirement. Though if I remember correctly without opening the game, Singleplayer is an option. If you're planning to buy a copy for 1-3 friends The value proposition for you alone may not be satisfactory if I'm totally honest. For 10ish dollars each I think it will be worth your money if you pay forty and you get value from them enjoying it as much as you, then I still think it'll be worth your money still. If you buy 4 copies and expect to get $40 dollars of value and entertainment to yourself, well that's on you isn't it?
To reiterate; I think that the game is definitely worth the $13, I feel like I got my money's worth and time will tell if I get $52 worth of entertainment out of it but I only bought my own copy and don't need it to.
jogo OTIMO estremamente LINDO e ainda bom dms recomendo mesmo que esteja caro pode ver como o jogo vai ficar daqui messes ou anos, ate caso queira procurar um jogo de terror misturado com esta ai
R.E.P.O takes me back too the early days of Lethal Company with how chaotic and funny it can be with friends, definitely worth it if you and your friends want a new experience like Lethal Company
360 10 10
this game is so good! this is like lethal company
el juego, pero quiero la sex update
Amazing Game love it!
Confia e
10 10
Por 9 euros esta bien, no es un juego para mirarle graficos, el juego esta de moda y le juega bastante gente y esta entretenido va por rondas y hay diferentes monstruos.
10 10
I love playing this game with my friends, it is very fun
nana juegaso
(gracias patroncito gerardo)
Repo is so fun instead of doing my english work at school i made a description of repo 100 percnt worth the behaviour point
kek
Trop drole entre pote je recommande
10 10
10 10
HUINYA
rly fun with friends. feels full of content even without mods, too
este foarte amuzant, te caci pe tine de ras, daca ai niste prieteni autisti iese cel mai amuzant joc la momentul actual, il recomand cu incredere si distractie faina
El juego es EXCELENTE, es una alternativa original al Lethal Company sin duda, pero tiene su propias distinciones como para ser un juego unico e incluso mejor.
Los desarrolladores estan 100% comprometidos con sacar actualizaciones y escuchar a su comunidad, algo impresionante sin duda
10/10.
I need frends for playing add mee
just pure fun playing this game
this game is so much fun
AMINOGLU
i think its my favorite of this genre so far. cant wait for more updates.
Loved! :D
eu adorei o jogo mas tenho ninguem pra jogar comigo kkkk
znajomemu lata cichy
is good
Un jeu vraiment incroyable qui a super vite.
Le jeu est vraiment un banger je recommende beaucoup de l'installer
Le meilleur jeu Co-op dans le style lethal company que j'ai
Je me tape des barres avec mes amis les monstres sont vraiment incroyables et bien fait aussi
un grand sur ce jeu dans le future!
ES aind zu viele monster und in lvl 1 kann man machen wenn in lvl 1 keine monster sind pls
very fun game
Lethal Company
10 10
yes
Funky Robot dudes that run from Monsters. YES IT'S FUN
puedo guardar el avance de los niveles?
6000
10 10
fena sarar yenilik gelmezse
masterpiece
)
super fun! better than marvel rivals
10/10 Cheap fun, hilarious game. Friend tripped the mutated monstrosity by pulling his leg. Monstrosity fell into other friend's hiding spot. Heads started rolling.
Great game.
Thought this was a horror game. Turns out the real terror is trusting my idiot friends with guns.
Hm was soll ich dieses Spiel sagen?
Eins kann ich sagen es bock einfach richtig :D
Es macht so viel aber leider wenig Level
und bitte Deutsches Sprache, da ich kein English kann :P
aber ansonsten richtig Gutes SIngle/Coop Spiel echt empfehlen wert :)
Grafik: 10/10
Sounds: 10/10
very good,
Good game, hope the server could be more stable
Got eaten by giant flying head. 10/10
One of the most enjoyable games to play with friends.
ya killka
bun
Absolutely love this game. With friends is the only way I've played so far and it's all laughs.
great game. i wish when you kill enemy he won't respawn
This Game Is So Fun And Goofy You Guys Should Definitely Try This 100% Recommend
-{ Graphics }-
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
-{ Gameplay }-
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
-{ Audio }-
☑ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
-{ Audience }-
☑ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☑ Grandma
-{ PC Requirements }-
☑ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
-{ Game Size }-
☑ Floppy Disk
☐ Old Fashioned
☐ Workable
☐ Big
☐ Will eat 10% of your 1TB hard drive
☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it
☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data
-{ Difficulty }-
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
-{ Grind }-
☑ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
-{ Story }-
☑ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ Absolute CInema
-{ Game Time }-
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ To infinity and beyond
-{ Price }-
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
-{ Bugs }-
☑ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
-{ ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☐ 9
☑ 10
"MASUKIN GITAR"
1.
2.
3.
4. 100%
oyun iki zor yapcak yok max 10.
-{ Graphics }-
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☐ Good
☑ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
-{ Gameplay }-
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
-{ Audio }-
☐ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☑ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
-{ Audience }-
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma
-{ PC Requirements }-
☑ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
-{ Game Size }-
☐ Floppy Disk
☑ Old Fashioned
☐ Workable
☐ Big
☐ Will eat 15% of your 1TB hard drive
☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it
☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data
-{ Difficulty }-
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
-{ Grind }-
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☑ You'll need a second life for grinding
-{ Story }-
☑ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
-{ Game Time }-
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ To infinity and beyond
-{ Price }-
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
-{ Bugs }-
☑ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
-{ ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☑ 7
☐ 8
☐ 9
☐ 10
agregen mods >:v
An absolute masterpiece! :D It's not really horror. although in the end my hobby here is hiding (sorry team).
My few euros were well invested. A clear 10/10.
this is peak no questions asked
Baya biraz beceriksiz ve yeteneksiz
This is such a sick game I love how the Duck follows you around and its very cute ngl W game I hope there is more features added in the next update.
Super
best supermarket simulator
9/10
Muy divertido aunque es demasiado dificil para jugar de a 2 o singleplayer, se ve que balanceado para jugarse a de a varios. Lo unico malo es que siento que los objetos son muy caros y tenes q elegir entre mejorar tus stats o armas, y teniendo en cuenta lo dificiles q son los enemigos y que te pueden venir de a 2 o 3, siento que estaria mejor que sea mas economica la tienda.
great fun with the gang made my night for sure
lethal company but better
No hemos jugado mucho pero han sido 2 horas (por ahora) de puras risas, es una mezcla entre content warning y lethal company. Juego chorra para echar unas partiditas con amigos. 9/10 es una de reir
My friend cost us 30K by knocking me over and making the item fall in a pit. I proceeded to kill him in that same very pit.
[h1] An Absolute Masterpiece [/h1]
The best co-op horror of 2025. Nice graphics and models, interesting gameplay and atmosphere.
The developers paid so much attention to the smallest details, for which they deserve great respect. There's no matchmaking in the game yet, so it's best to play with friends
9.8/10
govno
Super fun to play with friends Love the robots and the interactions I'd say the only down side of the game is that damn demonic duck other than that i highly recommend the game
anasheee
- -
Phenomenal game, fun to bs around with friends
:)
11/10
absolute peak
1231231
lethal company but funnier
macht sehr viel
The Fact i only have one friend and 13 some odd hours in the game is astonishing, this game is truly something unique if it can keep me going for that long with what i would consider very *basic* mechanics and not so much content, I'm VERY much looking forward to future updates, i highly recommend!
veryyyyyyy good game the best
good
Goty
when your 10 hours ahead in knowledge in this game and you see them trying to look away from a eye and dying slowly from it (10/10 experience)
Great game! My friend recommended it to me and we have had a lot of fun
Divertido para jugar con amigos, solo me faltan los amigos. Pero las risas aseguradas.
brutally good game
R.E.P.O
DOUBLE U DOUBLE U
DOUBLE U DOUBLE U
DOUBLE U DOUBLE U
DOUBLE U DOUBLE U
DOUBLE U DOUBLE U
Funny and hard. Last thing I need are Achievements
DOUBLE U
Game is very good and fun
good
This is a really fun game to play with your friends. The physic is very nice but I kinda hope the dev give a bit more room for the fragility of the item. Truly recommend this masterpiece!
pizda
Played for the first time last night with friends while streaming our faces in discord. absolutely hilarious.
The game is pretty fun, and there's a lot of antics you can do with your friends i.e. hot potato with grenades. xD
I'm not sure how long the fun will last, but there's definitely fun and frantic moments with friends.
I would however like to see Steam Achievements added at some point.
Fantastico!
good
gud game 10/10
360,
Scary alone but REALLY funny with friends
nice
18
Daha fazla
bv,a eufh
op
Ce jeu n'est que masterclass en coop Je vous le recommande
well if you're looking for a game that you can play with friends, this is the game for you.
I'd never of thought the day id be screaming for help running from a doll with knife hands. Play with friends because if you play singleplayer, there's no laughter, just horror. The game is diverse with many ways to avoid being killed some things work against other creatures similarly and others will knife you underneath the coffee table you're hiding under.
Very fun extracting-styled game especially with friends
challenging but fair with scary and creative enemies lurking at every corner
terrifying atmosphere with great sound design
Can highly recommend for a fun weekend with the friend group
con todos esos objetos ahora me podre comprar un arbol aqui en peru
10 10, 360,
hola si me lo regalo alguien con calvicie, muy bueno el jueguito, saludos hasta la proxima
10/10
SIMPLE
10 10
Good stuff
Bok gibi oyun amk oyunun sikiyim
Hate the banner, love the game
a
wurde von einem fetten chefkoch frosch sehr gutes spiel.
Spiel ist super aber dieses spiel sollte man unbedingt mit seinen freunden spielen 10/10
ZOV ZV
NB
A blind old man shot me because i farted
oui
dear god theres more lethal-likes
and this one is peak
MASSIVE W
R.E.P.O. Lethal company R.E.P.O.
Lethal company
360
same vein as lethal company with a far more sinister vibe. mechanical interactions with enemies are definitely different, with a bigger emphasis on hide and seek.
-{
☐
☐
☑
☐
☐
☐
☐ MS-DOS
-{
☐
☑
☐
☐
☐
☐
-{
☐
☐
☐
☑
☐
☐
-{
☐
☑
☑
☐
-{
☐ Paint,
☐
☑
☐
☐
☐
-{
☐ 'W'
☐
☑ /
☐
☐ Dark Souls
-{
☐
☐
☐
☑
☐
☐ 2
-{
☑
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
-{
☐
☐ 2-5
☐
☐
☑
-{
☐
☐
☑
☐
☐
☐
-{
☐
☑
☐
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐
-{ ? / 10
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☑ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☐ 9
☐ 10
nice game
Super Geiles Game. Total Lustig
please, add more of everyting, maybe some screamers, what a fun game
10/10
360 10
v
Amazing game for the price. But you need people to play it with.
2 player I would not really recommend, but it can be fun, 3 players is worth buying, and with 4+ it just gets more fun the more people you have.
Jogo bom pra krl so risada
It's a ton of fun, the characters make me giggle uncontrollably with their head movements and eye movements. Great game, fantastic with friends
i rlly enjoy this game
GnomeReportin
Biden
televizyona
Please add more enemy's and maps but also last night the game kept lagging out we would join and within 5 to ten seconds the host would lag out and other people i know have the same problem, also for more maps please add a junkyard and add stuff like a skeleton dog or something to fit the map i always love running into new monsters
its too funny and perfect with friends
and the items with voice changers are simple legen.wait for it.dary
5+
Game hay
fun
Very fun and unique to other games. Even duo it is very fun and rage inducing
Ich hatte schmerzen in meinen Brustkorb und musste danach zuerst mal zum Arzt. Einfach geil 10/10 +Herz Rhythmus ^
Though it is new it is, its VERY entertaining and actually challenging.
Only if u have friends to play with
une dinguerie
PEAK!
shits funny af
good to play with friends
Absolute R.E.P.O
repo
developers picked a horrible banner which certainly is misleading people, but watch some videos its a great game
Sometimes i like to dress up as a special forces soldier that is on a secret mission and only i can save the world. It makes me feel important, right now my life is going no where, but when im pretending im on a secret mission, my life has meaning
Solo le falta casino y mujerzuelas
I get put in a corner to think about my life choices every time I break something :(
10 10!
fun with the boys
best party game ive ever played, fun horror and comedy mix that gives moments of pure gold and laughter
xD
zu geil
content warning lethal company,
jogo daora
ok guys it's time to REPOssess
-
richtig gut hahaha
YEAH
I have down syndrom
1
Don't let the godawful smiley face logo fool you, this is a game with really great improvements to the genre. Super fun gameplay loop, enhanced by being able to revive your friends, streamlined play of just dungeon-shop-dungeon-shop, the expressiveness of the player characters is really fantastic, and enemies that are avoided in a ton different ways. Can't wait to see what's next with this
R.E.P.O. Have no idea what the acronym stands for, but really fun game. If you have a big group of siblings or friends, then this game is just what you need in a horror co-op game.
si
best horror game to play with friends OAT
a very fun game to play with friends. hopefully they keep regular updates on the game to make it the funniest and funnest co-op game on the market
Garson! garson! daha fazla lethal company klonu
Mmmm. yes. mmmmm. Quite peculiar! curious. curious.
fuck that little degenerate cumster son of a bitch good for nothing duck
overall the game is amazing but now is making a online match making system would be the best since the more player the more fun it would to paly
Pretty good
I got hit by a bag of cash and died.
10/10 would recommend
10/10
repo is a game were you make friend and you make enemys. it is a haven to all but a hell to some. now the tax man my fire m e but we should STAND UP TO THE TAX MAN AND WE SHALL BE THE REPO
good gayme please more
capsule
tju.cn_recommand
:?
this game had me suffocating because i was laughing so hard while playing it. it's super fun yet also REALLY scary at the same time, the maps and monsters are randomly generated every level, so it's never the same. also never make "yo mama" jokes at the huntsman, because he will shoot you (learned this the hard way.)
1 10
11 10
Bet ur lonley ahh got no friends to play this with
POPA
no robo sex
good game though
sigma game
10 Years out of high school and the boys came back together for this one.
Rugrat my balls
W game, drag your friends into the fireplace whilst they are crouched for free rage quits.
R.E.P.O. is a chaotic and hilarious multiplayer game that truly shines when played with friends. The text-to-voice system adds an extra layer of comedy, making every round feel unique and entertaining. The core gameplay is fun and engaging, especially when working together to manage loot and fend off waves of gnomes.
However, the game becomes overwhelmingly difficult when playing solo. The shotgun enemy feels overpowered, and without teammates, the gnomes quickly overrun you, making it nearly impossible to save your loot. Healing is scarce, and if too much loot gets destroyed, levels can become unwinnable. The eye enemy is particularly frustrating in tight spaces, as escaping it in certain room layouts feels nearly impossible. Additionally, there's an issue where loot sometimes gets destroyed during submission, preventing the submission from counting.
Some improvements could make the game even better:
More healing opportunities to balance difficulty.
More activities for dead players, such as making their heads whisper what they type.
Performance improvements, as occasional due to host be an issue.
Despite its flaws, R.E.P.O. is an incredibly fun experience, especially in multiplayer. With a few balance tweaks and quality-of-life improvements, it could become even better. If you have friends to play with, it's definitely worth picking up!
fun but fucking annoying when u get levl 11 and the bitch with a dress walks over the hole when u grab them and put them in it and then she kills u
amazing
10/10
10/10
O foda a porra dos passos fantasma,tenho asma fdp
Fuck the big face dude he's way to hard
new lethal company game i will grind for a year
- -
Da
muito sigma boy! pau no cu dos gnomo esses viado
i forcing must choose refund this game, cause, it's no have online coop mode, the mode i hope it have, it's just like in friend list can play together, i can't play alone with a lot monsters and ghost *.*, the game is enough jump scare for me, it nightmare fun, if have team mate
but it's nice scary
lepo lepooo
smoll
seeing the sales statistics of this game jump from 1.2m to 8.3m gross revenue over a weekend was insane
turns out, people like the goofy emoji
Very quality game for an early access release, with high enemy variety and design and good overall game polishing from the sounds to other neat features included.
Currently the game is restricted to solo play or friend lobbies only to prevent issues with hackers ruining lobbies, but after you get into a run with randoms you found or your friends it can be very fun. Online matchmaking will probably be added sometime soon.
There's already THREE different maps to play on with a bunch of different rooms to encounter, which both expand and get more difficult the further you progress into the run (Void gaps, Lava Pools, Harder Geometry), making it so gameplay and exploration is always a refreshing experience. And the developers are already working on the fourth map right now.
There's NINETEEN monsters in the game each have a different challenging and interesting design, although there's definitely some tweaks needed to make certain monsters a little less annoying to deal with in specific scenarios. Regardless of their difficulty, you'll find no trouble dealing with 90% of the threats in this game after you either learn how to counter or defeat them properly.
For an early access release everything aside from the stamina system and a few other things such as healing, shop prices, and player upgrades need some changes. Many people don't seem to realize in this game that you can avoid or entirely escape MOST monsters after only two stamina upgrades.
By round 3 - 4 our entire team has enough upgrades AND weapons to safely escape most monsters and kill some if they pose too much of a threat. Stamina Capacity upgrades and anything explosive are the items you'll want to opt for.
The unique features and dynamic environment in R.E.P.O are funny and interesting but can still be annoying at times. The text to speech and interactions with special objects or entities always makes for a good laugh.
The dynamic environment makes for more interactive gameplay and players can reasonably avoid damaging everything if they know when to be careful and don't swing vases 20mph into walls and then complain that it broke or lost too much value. Certain items are more manageable or less fragile than others, and with experience you will learn how careful you need to be with objects.
The horror elements in this game are way better than lethal company, where instead of the "horror" being that 80% of the monsters either have invincibility, kill you instantly, or are unreasonably difficult to counter. With most usually having all three or more of the above traits. And on top of that you can't see an inch in front of you in many scenarios, which is also paired with the average player often getting entirely lost and being helpless with no indication on how to survive. All of this leads to players constantly being on edge and never knowing when an unavoidable threat may present itself and your only option is to just run or die instantly.
R.E.P.O has way better horror aspects and quality game design which actually allows you to fight back against EVERY monster, instead of focusing on helplessness and panic, you are encouraged to use your minds and strategize on how to progress the quota and overcome threats.
As of writing this review the game isn't even two weeks old yet. There's a very passionate developer team behind this game (makers of Voidigo) and people need to let the game cook. Lethal company was nearly two months old when it hit it's peak and most of the gameplay wasn't balanced either and has only gotten ten times worse. People were failing on quota 2 and calling the game design absolute peak.
Also for some extra clarification, I've made it to eight thousand quota in lethal company and for the short time I've played R.E.P.O, I made it reasonably far during solo gameplay and team runs, and have seen enough from the community and gameplay to write a detailed review on both games. (Almost) every issue this game has, lethal has in one way or another but worse, not counting all the lackluster game and map design along with horrible monster design that lethal company has.
</>
very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very good
2-6
aw
Masiv
R.E.P.O > Lethal company > Content warning > Zort
this game is such a good time, especially with friends.
it feels good its funny the devs seem like they love the game and want to continue working on it 100% recommended buy this shit rn
these enemies do a lot more than i thought they did
The first time playing R.E.P.O. I played it for 4 hours straight with my friend and honestly one of the most fun co-op horror games tried! The tension is real with hilarious monsters and the physics system makes carrying stuff funny and challenging. Every successful extraction feels like a big win. a blast with friends, even though no public matchmaking. There are a few bugs since Early Access, but it stopped the fun at all. Definitely recommend it if into adrenaline-fueled and intense.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Very slay game but there is no matchmaking.
i love you like kanye loves kanye
harika
Supermarket emulator 10/10
Will buy again
amazing game
small problem
i rarely interact with my actual friends so i think just optional online play for people who cant find friends could be alr
sorry if it sounds dumb
game is fun to play with friends and messing around but after playing for 20 minutes the game literally becomes impossible to play normally because the monsters are unavoidable, often camp around choke points and turn around for some reason to find you no matter if you are hiding or not
watching your friends try to recover you for 20 minutes because you died 30 seconds into the mission is just really boring
they really need to find a way to balance their monsters or change how their pathfinding works
(and please change that damn emoji its really misleading on how the quality of the game is)
Fun
Good Game
Lethal Company Multiverse.
Change the banner to at least include the player characters. Other than that it's a great game. Had more fun with this than i ever did with Lethal Company.
( ( ( ( (
"Lethal Company".
10 10 :3
fun
I love this game, is funny :)
Fun game, I wouldn't consider it horror at all as nothing is scary about this but its still a fun game. Will it last beyond the hype of say a month or so like Lethal Company, probably not. The devs say they are working hard but what dev says otherwise. Anyway, for $10 bucks you can easily get 10 hours of fun so this meets the 1$ per hour golden ratio.
Taxes
12 / 10
Its a ton of fun! Though please change the icon for this game, it's so ugly and puts people off of playing. I have some friends that refuse to play it just because of the icon and that's a shame.
very good very nice
funniest game 2025 ONG
repo - 3
sex
20:31
Lethal Company,
kesinlikle Ama bir yerden sonra tekrarar sarar gibi oluyor.
einfach geil
jete kullll
fun
100 10
10 10
+
BEST QUOTA-LIKE GAME
das spiel ist Gut, aber noch cool wenn es kontroller support bekommt :)
Yes
qu'es qu'on s'amuse ici
This game is amazing!
fajna polecam
very VERY funny game, played it with a group and its so hillarious. you dont even need mods for it because its already perfect in itself, it has mulriple mechanics and they all mix together in a perfect game that gives you the best comedic experience that you could have with your friends. very very reccomended if you want a funny quota game that you can play for a longer period of time with your friends
The game it self is getting pretty boring ofer time, but if you play it with your friends and get up to level 9 and higher its very funny. And the horro aspect is very good, its not to much or to less.
I would defently buy it again :)
rubber ducky named john
12
8
360
lol
100%
If you have atleast one freind to play this game with then do it.
bombardilo krokodilo
Esta muy bueno
KJ 21 SERIES IN R.E.P.O!
10
10 10
2
Extremadamente divertido :)
Egy 5 10/10
:)
10/10
The game is so good but they need to fix it. I understand early access and I truly love it but they need to fix the stamina system and the unbelievable high ping and some of the monsters are so fucking OP nerf it please but still I had so much fun its a really good game and I like it
If you like games like Lethal Company or Content Warning you'll like this too, the proximity chat is what stood out to me.
ighriogei jggi ghwiefhihfewh hgjrzhgrhgduigni hgigugbfsafgi efn fvfziohgrigvnc urvjgrg uihgruilhg gjzhgrahanjdxcvifdiahgg ivsihguwgfv svwirahifefdhufhvufrg rhgifjdagirh gfhfhhgighdfughs fhghf hfgughrgnfujgh bvbsg gs gisi gsfdsg halg rjlfgl ag wa fhidagrfgrehgf [ gjreioghe fhgiw grihwfggwahgof
i hope i helped u with my review and but it if u can <3
good game.
ps. Romanai jei sita perskaitei you are gay.
i did expected it to be good game but it had just my interest now it has my close attention
Its hard but worth the money. i need more ppl to play with me
This game is not worth 9 euros of my hard earned money, very low graphics u can barrely see anything. Overall very bad and not yet finished game. THE GAME DOSENT SAVE I WAS ON LEVEL 4 WITH UPGRADES COME ON
We found frog Ramsay, He didn't like our critics on what we found so he went ballistic and slashed us all 10 out of 10 game!
Ein sehr lustiges und gutes Spiel
Oyun Lethal Company bile bir potansiyele sahip o OYUN AL OYNA
(spastik bir olursa daha iyi).
m j.nfhbqv rfqvgqwcdqadb cqbd vqf dvqgdv1eh c 10 out of 10 elj 1h25g46ntg4nb4t1cgrtg1bfcrv1bdngv
10/10
This was a bit difficult to play. We found it hard to hide and you don't start with anything to defend yourself with and if everyone dies you have to start over from square one so you can never get enough to get good equipment.
This game will get your friends back together for some funny ass online gaming, fucking hilarious game man.
Fantastic fun even solo! Its an amazing game with silly characters and a horror theme that is quite adrenaline pumping and comedic at the same time. For $10 its worth every penny.
addicting! fun! don't play if you aren't looking for a good time!
worth the money, enjoyable with friends, great optimization, big potential.
ENJOYABLE IF U HAVE FRIENDS
Alright game but why the FUCK is the logo this stupid-ass emoji? I'm 100% certain this design choice has significantly decreased sales of the game. Are the devs actually 12? Seriously, just pay some Chinese teen 20 bucks and they'll make you a logo 10 times better than this monstrosity.
a lot more interesting than lethal company, THOUGH lethal company started a streak of games like R.E.P.O, and others, really waiting for new updates
lethal company
annoying at some point but great game
VERY NICE
If Reaper comes up and kills me again or destroys my loot. I'm doing something no man or woman has seen
i dont get the hype this game is a bore
why is it so hard
Really fun :]
BEST GAME EVER IN 2025 REPO GOT ME IN TO HIS GAME I RECOMAND EVEYBODY WHO IS BOARD AND LOOKING FOR SOME FUN AND ACTION AND WITH HIS FREIND BUY THIS GAME ITS STILL ON ERALY ACCSES BUT STILL MAKES FUN TO EVERBODY WHO WANTS TO BUY THIS DONT BUY THIS IW U WANA PLAY ONLINE WITH OTHER PLAYERS ITS NOT STILL OUT YET SO I WOUD RECOMAND U GUYS BUYING IT WHEN THE GAME ONLINE PLAYER MOD IS FULLY OUT SO U CAN ONLY PLAY THIS GAME WITH UR STEAM FREINDS IN THIS MOMENT SO IW U WANA PLAY ONLIN WAIT FROM THE OWNERS/CO OWNERS OR GAME DEVOLOPERS TO RELEASE THE ONLINE MOD AND THE GAME IS ASLO WIHT TASKS WITCH SOME OF THEM ARE HARD SO I RECOMND U GUYS BUYING THIS 10/10 BEST GAME EVER ;D A BIG THUMP TO THE GAME OWER AND THE DEVOLOPERS FOR THIS MASTER PICE AND THE GAME IS VERYY FUNNY TO PLAY THIS GAME IT ALSO 5 STARS MASTER PICE BUY IT NOW AND HAVE FUN
peur
kul
men
Macht bock
forget kingdom come deliverance 2 and monster hunter wilds, THIS is game of the year
[eq
Steam
Sranda :D
android mans are here to rob you :3
Bought game
joined a lobby
Drove a truck through a wall
entered the house
saw a black cone yelling racist shit and throwing plates.
10/10 would recommend.
worth every cent.
when playing just remember that this game is horror btw
10 10
Bom. R.E.P.O. Definitivamente foi um dos jogos de "Terror" que mais me diverti jogando, tudo nele beira uma coisa boa, desde os personagens(que pra krl) mesmo em inimigos. Ele bebe bastante do suco de Lethal que pra mim, bem melhor) um jogo que simples mas muito divertido de se jogar com amigos, principalmente se tu conseguir juntar 6 pessoas pra jogar isso, meu deus, isso aqui vira um caos muito bom. R.E.P.O. um jogo que eu super recomendo pra jogar com os amigos. me arrependo nenhum pouco de ter ganhado ele :) Vlw Gaby
Zaebumba
They told me this was like my last job. I reckon. why not?
They lied.
Honda R.e.p.o
10/10
ASASASASASASASDASDASDASDASD
+-
9/10,
10\10
nice
10 10
wb
sick gang funny bunny Hayden stole Adams KFC wings Salman stuck in USA Brad a weed junkie
very fun game would highly recommend
Kolega mnie w kiblu
en komik oyunu amk
Feels fun to play for now.
-> Enter a room
-> Touch a little duck toy
-> Kill yourself and everyone with you
10 10
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
PROS:
Really fun multiplayer horror game.
Got the half life 2 + garrys mod vibe to it
Minor issues for a new game that just released
Similar style to lethal company
CONS:
Can die through walls from enemies (for now hopefully)
Doesnt run in 3k resolution and looks worse than 1080p (for now)
fun
tak
need Chinese!
^7
If you like lethal company mixed with any funny robot game then I recommend this game
MILFS
Great game for only 10$ do play with friends or people
watched my friend gets his head blown off with a shotgun 10/10
Una risa
TROP BIENNNNNNNNNNNN
Vous voyez mon temps de jeu dit tout et il risque d'augmenter encore Donc je vous conseil se jeu longue longueur de vie pas
SO GOOD
iyidir
10 10 180 no scope
komik ve oyun
fun
I fell over and was put into a toilet.
Pizda rjaka
Banger!
5
ygar
lethal company
Zaebista gra. w z kolegami jak profesjonalni szabrownicy (cyganie) lecz musicie lokalni nie za i solidny wpier*ol.
Great game with lots of potential. The studio is also awesome.
Vi como a mi amigo lo fusilaban por levantarse de un arbusto
Simplemente 10/10
top
Add multiplayer
I love the concept but I don't have any friends to play with :(
R.E.P.O. is an online co-op horror game featuring physics, proximity voice chat and scary monsters. You and up to 5 friends can venture into terrifying environments to extract valuable objects using your physics-based grabbing tool.
amusing game but developers need to remove the nasty meth emoji from the banner if they wanna attract more customers
10 10
+rep
ta bueno
I was flushed down the toilet
Fun with friends.
Master Work
Funny moments with mates giving head
Absolute cinema
UIUIUIUIUIUIUIUIUIUIUIUIUIUIUIUIU
)
REPO, 3
10 10
_
42
10 10
very fun
Fun game with friends and the devs are active. They seem to really want to improve the game.
Gra przedstawia kilku poziomy w poszukiwaniu cennych rzeczy i przechodzeniu do dalszych SERDECZNIE POLECAM!1111
Szopen
385 10 10
10/10
there is not a single reason for this unrelated and ugly looking emoji to be the key art for this game
thats probably my only complaint though, this is really fun - huge fan of how they've made all the items have different weights, fragility, and (if theyre valuable enough) unique effects like spinning, voice changes, hypnosis, etc. - really makes the world feel more alive and exciting to explore, while also just adding to the chaos of robbing some places with your friends
unlike other similar games, i also don't really feel the urge to play with mods for repo! the game has enough depth to it and its mechanics are put together well enough that it doesnt feel like its missing anything or would need any major overhauls / expansions
interested to see where this goes with future updates! the current state is really impressive
this shit goated
you need friends to play this game
amazing
w
me gusto tanto que hasta hice una y solo 1 hs
Good
mmmmmm comin
Babaeski
I have impure thoughts about Trudge.
Also I think this is the most enjoyable game I've ever played with friends.
Yes
ggggggggggggggoooooodddddddddddddgame
Fun game!
Solid game but I keep getting kicked mid game back to the menu, I have a stable connection, decent hardware & everything's updated.
Great Game but alex and nick wammer now own it so game ruined
10 10
)
10/10 game. My friend slammed the door in my face while running away, i died.
he blamed it on someone else, and then immediately got obliterated by the Huntsman. Instant karma.
Vi como mi amigo explotaba en mil pedazos queriendo matar a un pato con una mina.
Simplemente 10/10.
scary asf lol
UK
ENG
Fun game
NICE GAMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Super fun, best played with friends or even strangers.
W game add quality of life changes and its a timeless classic
i enjoy
learn how to become a mover
200 Soundpad
definitely one of the best lethal company clones out there, a clone doesn't mean it's bad, I'd even argue that this game is different in a lot of aspects, but it is somewhat the same genre. the only problem currently is matchmaking, there are no open lobbies, only join via friend invites of steam links, the only way to find a group of people is through their official discord server but even that is fine in my opinion, they're currently working on the matchmaking subject, worth every buck
yank
marmok
:3
10 10
-
Game of the year idc
GOOD
Sounpad,
I didn't think there was a way to make Lethal Company better
imagine lethal company but you can break shit, you have actual hiding spots and you have all the time in the world to wait for monsters to leave
+rep
best game i played so far
baki
fun game when played with friends
5
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
( )
10
GOOD
went in completely blind and loved it :) it is mostly only fun with other people so i am excited for matchmaking
10 10
very nice
so so
2
10/10,
rep no
This game is a beautiful mess of fear and hilarity. One second you're terrified, the next you're crying from laughter. The art style slaps, the design is fresh, and every session feels like a horror movie gone completely off the rails.
Play it. Laugh. Scream. Repeat.
Absolute funny
pinche Juego todo epico me hizo culminar
es muy divertido con amigos
Pretty cool and fun game with friends
10 10
This game should have more monsters than can hear you
Game is pretty fun, played it for a few hours with some friends for now and we will continue playing it.
I really like what they did with the physics and that you can get yeeted if something hits you making you ragdoll, I find it really fun, also that the enemy AI can damage themselves too be it by accident or whatever can be used as advantage.
Made the blind guy kill 2 of the enemies just because some box was glitching out making a lot of noise and the other enemies were around it, the blind guy came in and started blasting everthing
There is but one thing I noticed and that is the world gen, it seems the map are being generated in a circle or just a straight line, so far thats how our world generation went, aside from that this is pretty fun with friends.
fun as hell with friends, also, dubba u
Turns out to make a better "company-like" game you just needed to add physics to everything.
5 +
More maps and save progress!
-A friend got the game for me to play with and we enjoyed it so far.
-Many variety of encounters with different way to get around, some can be directly solved with violence while some cant.atleast we cant.yet.
-The game doesn't have timer so you can take as long as you like
-Plus the loots breaking mechanic feels fun and refreshing
-The best thing would be the built-in text to speech
-lastly i would love to see the map generation gets improved and polished more as of now the majority of maps we been through is either a circle or a straight line
This game alongside a soundpad is the second best 15 dollars i have ever spent
It's a great game 9/10, I like how you could destroy the heavy valuables if that is your messing around with your friends and watching them screaming while getting chased.
w
best in genre
This is a Certified Hood Classic
/
Achei o jogo divertido e apesar da com Lethal Company, cada criatura tem sua propria mecanica, as fisicas do jogo fazem ser bem frustrante ou divertidas. Continuem o bom trabalho.
A Comedic game, and also it's possible to ruin friendships.
So funny
The banner doesn't do the game any favours.
The premise? You and your robot friends break into buildings and steal items to be sold at pawn shops I guess, The Taxman is your mysterious boss who tells you to steal said random items.
The lore? I have no idea what's going on.
honestly its a blast to play with friends and its one of the most interesting takes on the Lethal Company formula.
10 soundpadov iz 10
fun in a bun :steammocking:
iine
just play it. if you have friends
fun game was super scary but also so goofy and fun!
Joined randoms from Discord
proceeded to have the best 3 hours of gameplay
host crashes
lose my new friends
load up new game
made new friends
host crashed
ok
Laughed for hours playing this with friends. I never do that playing DBD.
ta jijeante
funnier than lethal company and content warning combined
doesnt have as much depth as lethal company (but more than content warning)
this game is basically in its infancy though and im sure will grow as time goes on. this game does have an issue of having a lot of just plain annoying enemies. lethal company and content warning there are maybe just a few enemies that are more annoying than dangerous. but this game has quite a few annoying enemies (that i wont mention to avoid spoilers and because im too stupid to really know how the steam writing system works)
despite that said, this game is really good and worth the money. it definitely feels less bullcrap than lethal company, which is refreshing
right now? maybe like a 9/10 honestly
10/10
10 10
10 10
Es un juego muy divertido pero para disfrutarlo necesitas tener amigos
peak gaming, drag a massive block of ice up stairs while suffering due to aliens
getting my ass demolished by a ghost w big feet :0
Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Surprisingly no complaints.
si
cant really say its a lethal company clone, it excels on everything and feels way more polished. both great games
I love the game, even in single player! (Because nobody has me added on steam, I need people. I am lonely)
Good game but no one wants to play with me :(
This is a really fun game to play with friends but PLEASE change the advertising of the game to use the little robots rather than that God Awful emoji.
[b] R.E.P.O. [/b]
[i]
R.E.P.O.
[i] [/i]
R.E.P.O.
[i] [/i]
[i] [/i]
R.E.P.O. Lethal Company
[i] [/i]
R.E.P.O. R.E.P.O.
Very interesting. I stopped being friends
Best Lethal Company type game
Nada como llegar de trabajar para seguir trabajando en R.E.P.O. Lo mejor de todo es que puedes lanzar gnomos y ver ciegos tropezar.
funny
very nice
your
[h1][quote=] [table] [tr] [th] [/tr] [tr] [th] [/th] [/tr] [/table] [/quote][/h1]
I would recommend this game.
To quote my favorite movie Spaceballs,
"We're not doing this for money.
We're doing this for a shitload of money!"
Very fun, like Content Warning, but you are the Canadians from South Park!
absolute cinema
Lethal Company but better in every way. Love it.
FUN
es buenisimo
just loaded in the game and got killed by a blind old man with a shotgun from Don't breathe movie
10/10 would play again
I LIKE
Funniest Game Ever. 9/10
i blew up
This is by far the best game that has best content for value. Ive never had so much fun playing with friends and creating so much mayhem around the levels just dropping and throwing stuff around while running from monsters. I really hope there will be fresh content and regular updates because in my eyes it has potential to be one of the greatest games out there.
I definitely recommend 10/10
Muy divertido con amigos!
Recomendado.
Honestly this game is amazing, it is so much fun to play with your friends. I think this game is a better better version of lethal and that's saying something because i love lethal too
Very fun game pls more updates
Ich habe mich versteckt und dann kam de blinde mann und ist for meiner sicht runtergefallen ich habe so laut gelacht das ich einen 360 noscope ab bekommen habe
Gmod Horror Map 2 Confirmed
Bueno
10 /10
Nerf the gnomes
This game is very unfriendly in how it spawns the bad stuff some stuff should never spawn at the start such as the worst thing in the game rugrats and the spike at level 3 is hell.
Edit 1: For the love of god the rugrats remove everything you every do why did you make such a ass thing to deal with
Edit 2: The mansion map feels really cramped and lacks hiding spots, so I've started save scumming in order to have fun rather then the drag that is that map.
Edit 3: The hunter guy is really weird sometimes he will shoot at a noise other times he just aim bots you when you where not the noise (looks at duck)
Is a very fun game, and very good quality
fun
Amazing game to play with friends, laugh every time
REPO is awesome! I love playing with my friends. The TTS typing is actually a reallly funny addition to team reposession type games. It's great. Looking forward to every update
11/10
game is funny as fuck and its nnot that scary i love playing it
ABSOLUTELY ENJOYABLE GAME, imagine if it was full version, this game going be viral
i like game, me buy game for myself and Best Friend >:)
Amazing game 10/10
Physics games are funny
Co-op games are funny
Horror with friends is funny
Mix 'em all together and you get this gem
The logo sucks ass tho
r: rizzy
e: elegance
p: penor
o: on the house
Love the duck. Greet the duck. Hail to the duck. Just don't touch the duck.
Seriously. Just don't touch it.
:'D
Fun
It's a great gem of a game, if they add content, more maps and interesting things, the game has a lot of future and promises a lot.
And the difficulty is quite balanced, there are some other tweaks missing, but in general the game is very perfect as it is with its more bearable and calm difficulty for inexperienced and expert players in these types of games
10/10 SOLO
frends and peopel 100000/100
+
yes
10 10
6
the enemies are almost impossible to overcome and your stamina take 1 min to full back up but running for 5 sec drains it all there is also no loot and having something in ur hand and just touching the wall makes it break. so this game is good its just hard. 6/10
I LOVE/HATE this game lol. It can be difficult but otherwise an amazing game! Reminds me of lethal company but almost better unfort. Even playing it with my boyfriend is LOTS of fun! Obviously the more the better! 10/10 recommendation! Keeps you focus but also slight spooky <3
Me parece que es un juego muy bueno ya que las partidas se vuelven muy interesantes en el equipo que me gusta planear con mi equipo como vamos a entrar o en el caso de defender donde posicionarnos. Las partidas no son nada aburridas al contrario son
Spent 30+ minutes being stubborn trying to get a statue in a cart. While being occasionally harassed by a duck making the process of actually getting it on restart. 10/10
+rep :3
10 10
GOTY
yeah
sexooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Caca con culo
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Caca con culo
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con culo
Caca con culo
Caca con culo
Caca con culo
Caca con culo
Caca con culo
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Caca con culo
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Caca con culo
Culo con caca
Caca cuu, culo cu (culo)
Culo con culo (culo)
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con culo
Culo con culo
Culo con culo
Culo con culo
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Culo con culo
Culo con culo
Culo con culo
Culo con culo
Culo con caca
Culo con caca
Writer(s): Sad Goldo
Lyrics powered by
its silly i fw that
A+ voice effects
El juego esta muy entretenido para pasar el rato, sobre todo con amigos, sin embargo he experimentado ciertos errores con respecto al chat de voz, sin embargo no quita de lado lo bueno que esta el juego y tomando en cuenta que aun esta en acceso anticipado pues esta muy bueno a pesar de ello.
esta chido
very spooky, got a good scream
GOATED
got jumped by a frog a sword lady and blind guy with a gun 10/10 would play again
GREAT game, a must play Timeless classic
its so silly
game is very fun with friends the floating head is kinda hard to deal with though
pretty fun game you need the right people for it to reach its full potential needs more maps is the only down fall. i think screen where it tells you how much you got in total and how much you broke and left behind would be cool as well.
fuck me with a metal pipe
good horror game with friends
i edge to the gnomes
10 10
This had been stupid, amazing fun while also being a little scary and stress inducing. I cant wait to see what they do next. A must play for anyone with friends.
throwable babies
lethal company :D
15 2
REPO is the game that actually deserves all of the popularity and praise that Lethal Company got.
yes
10
No clue what was happening but I lost in the loser's arena every time. 10/10
Really good and fun game to play with friends.
Muy bueno si tienes mas de 3 amigos pacienciea y un sentido del humor roto
-10 IQ VARSA DAHA OYUNUN OLAYI NET VE
MEKANA SES YAPMA, ARA BUL SEPETE SES YAPMA, SEPETE HEDEF PARAYA BASE E SES YAPMA, MEKANDAN SES YAPMA
AMA UCUBEYSE BUNLARIN YAPARKEN OLUN
YARATIK BOL, HER FARKLI AMA KORKU OYUNLARINDA PERFORMANS EN YARATIK ANANIZI, YARATIK KILAVUZU MEVCUT BAKMANIZ OLACAKTIR
OYUN MIC KULLANIN, DUYMANIZ BU DA OYUNA HEYECAN KATIYOR, YARATIK MEKANDA CAN FARKLI YERLERE O EN FISILDAYARAK O SONRA ZATEN YARIDA DUYUP DAHA HABER ALAMAYACAKSINIZ
BAZI 2 TUTUP SEPETE GEREKECEK, O 2 VAZOYU TUT, BEN TUTUYORUM SEN 10 DAKKA HESAPLAYARAK SEPETE KOYMAYA YANLARINDA YA SAKLANIN YA DA HIZLA SEPETE HAYVAN SES YAPIP MUTLAKA
YERE YA HASAR ALIP YA DA MUTLAKA MOTOR MAYMUNUYLA OLACAKTIR ONU UYARIN
OYUN OYUNLAR
ITS HILARIOUS
funny asf game so good
cumdaddy
good game beat monster with propane tank
Juegazo, el momento en el que te cagas a con tus con jarrones o los cagas a pute4d4s por chocarte con el carro, es cine puro. Tremenda obra maestra y 10/10
Pretty polished for an early access release, very replayable and feels well balanced. Good balance of humor and horror. Best enjoyed with friends.
android android.
its cool
MUST PLAY! BEST TIME I'VE HAD SINCE 7 YEARS AGO
Best $10 I have ever spent. Makes Lethal look boring and I have 100+ hours in that. Would HIGHLY recommend!
Amazing goofy game
i literally came everywhere when i bought this game like holy shit it came out everywhere
The P in REPO stands for peak
its like gambling and gambling makes me happy
10
yes
Fun game with friends
Hype lived up. Personally having a massive amount of fun playing it.
And for only you cant go wrong really
Normally don't play games like this, but it was actually fun with the boys!
Awesome
funny game
One of the funniest games I have every played in my life 10/10
My favorite of the online co-op horror genre so far. Feels extremely well done and polished for being early access. The animations on the players is great and the game overall iterates a ton on previous games.
The one downside of this game's design is that you can often run into situations where only 1-2 players are left and the dead players watch for a super long time. Even with revive checkpoints it can feel like it takes forever. Something to push the living players to go faster would be helpful.
estava eu e meus amigos com medo do veio da doze que ele caiu da escada.
addicting And it Finally made my voice deep for the first time W Game Changed My Life
10/10, More replay value than lethal company and doesn't need mods to be really fun. Amazing that you *sometimes* can be loud while hiding, makes it much funnier with friends!
Developers also look like they care A LOT about this game and are constantly looking to get feedback, and endorse modding!
This is a very fun game with a good group of friends!
so fun with friends can be fun solo
Great game
good
r
Actually so much fun and actually kinda scary love this game so much fun with freinds
review
10/10 you can flush your friends down the toilet.
Fire game?
Sweeps lethal co./content warning
Peak
Lots of fun. Much wow.
Q
(Ps:
game might be better then LC O-O
funny ahhahahaha potato nut
R.E.T.E.P
super fun and silly great with friends and a little jump scare
R.E.T.E.P.
not lethal company
The lobbies crash every other round, the instakill monsters camp your spawn, and without warning, half the lobby will lose comms for no reason. I get that it's early access, but a game should be playable at the bare minimum.
I hate the duck
The game is very fun, a bit hard if you are playing only with 1 person or 2
good game
I really like it. There is a bug that just kicks someone from voice chat, making it so you cant hear anyone talk and noone can hear you talk, but the text to speach still works. 8/10 Please fix that
honestly such a fun game! You and your buddies should play it!
repo the besto
love that game the graphic are not the scary part the scary part is when yo ass need to clutch
WACHO QUE BUEN JUEGO LOCO COMPRENLO ALTO CAGO DE RISA AMIGOOOOo
this shit bussing
very fun with friends
Like the game. But I don't know how to save. So make it have a save button or something.
Lethal Company on steroids
Best game to play with friends. Its best if 1 person takes it seriously and the others create chaos. Love it to bits.
everyone dies to one monster and i have to carry what the freak
amazing
Funny Game.
This game gives me so much thrills! its so scary!
yes
Hilarious game.
I like this game hahahaha
funny
Great for the goofs and gafs. I love it and it just makes for peak timing and fun gaming
Nothing feels as good as smashing a vase on your friends' head then running them over with the cart
Great game to play! Recommend for anyone! Just needs public server list where you can join games easier. For now just look at the game discussions and add new people to play with.
very fun very fun i cant wait to see more updates
good
i love da game
Gosh it's so fun. If you're looking for a game similar to Murky Divers & Content Warning, this is super fun and a great choice!
Entretenido
For me this is an amazing game, when I play with my friends most of us just yell and laugh it's pretty fun, but could you add more entities or other maps, just a suggestion
awesome sauce
Very funny game that gets difficult as you go further
funny
esta joya
good game, you play.
i like
the p in this game stands for peak
KKKKKKKKKKK
Mano que jogo bom pqp.
that game is perfect, amazing. i love it
10/10 PARA JUGAR CON TUS COMPAS
Fire
the game is fun and funny when it works. If they can fix all the audio issues it will be an amazing experience.
fun alternative to lethal company, slightly more difficult to sell stuff but that adds an interesting mechanic
peak game ngl
bi
Little did I know, it would be a feature, a creature feature.
Featuring, The Creature.
I used voicemod while we were hiding a a fart noise got my friend killed. 10/10
BANGER
soooo fun. I love running around hearing mr shotgun go booooom. I love when mr sprinkles shoots his laser at me and I duck under it. Money go burrrrrrrrrrrrr. Truly W
very good
Funny ahh game
honestly as long as they update the game somewhat consistently and not completely abandon it this game will be the best multiplayer for a long time
I threw my friend into a pit of anomalous goop for breaking a vase
me love game woo
best 10$ i ever spent
Great Game, became addicted to it like Meth
you get lot's of head
Muy gracioso
ESTORNUDE CUANDO NO DEBIA Y ME MATARON 10 DE 10
GOTY Potential
Best game of this style since lethal company. The eye tracking and player movement is so damn funny. I saw this game on my home page the day it was released and thought it was some trash analog horror game based on the main picture. Looking at the other reviews, I'm not the first person to think that either.
fun
Super fun with friends, if you enjoyed Lethal Company, you will 100% enjoy this game.
si
Muy bueno el juego, pero deben mejorar los servidores nos saca de las partidas, se buguea el audio no se escucha los amigos y meterle mas mapas por favor espero arreglen eso que asi no se puede jugar.
We tried to drag a piano onto our cart and it lost $20,000 market value.
This game is like an episode of pawn stars.
"I have an original vintage 1856 victorian era piano to sell to you, experts value it at $22,000!"
"It's got 4 scratches on it. I'll take it off your hands for a piece of bubble gum and pocket lint."
I hate my teammates, hiding under the bed. WHEN, THEY HAVE A LITERAL SWORD WITH 120 HP. ITS A DAMN GNOME, FOR FUCK'S SAKE.
Great game, great devs.
"Look at this weird green frisbee" my friend says before thundercunting it into a wall
Tengo una queja, acabo de instalar el juego para poder divertirme un rato, y nos anda desconectado a mi amigo y a mi porque supuestamente el "host esta desconectado", ambos tenemos buen interned y por lo tanto no me parece la situacion, espero logren arreglarlo rapidamente, porque si me gusta la del juego y lo he visto en varios creadores de contenido
funny game. satisfying gameplay mixed with silly horror.
SPIRITED AWAY
E.T.
SKULL
TRUDGE
OLD MAN
GAYZERBEAM
Lethal Company but not really (It's better)
:V
Dip Dip
good
RAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH good game
W devs
The game doesn't work, for a game where the one of the main gimmicks is proximity chat, the audio is broken, mics only work for about 2 minutes, it crashes constantly, the entire hour I have in it was trying to fix the audio, it seems like a good concept but its virtually unplayable in its current state.
yeah
good
but shotgun guy mean
R.E.P.O. is pure chaos, and somehow, super fun
You carry heavy stuff while dodging monsters, and the text-to-voice feature lets you type messages that the game reads out loud is cool asf.
The physics make even simple tasks tricky, but what makes it exciting.
crazy, silly, and totally worth playing.
Me and my friends walked into the game for the first time, we were in the room for a total of five seconds. A duck killed us all. I love this game.
The voice-chat implementation and physics-based-grappling puts this head and shoulders above other Lethal-Likes. Needs more maps and enemy types in future updates,
Physics tts good
Best horror coop game out there right now! Must get if you are considering it!
god
LMAO this game is amazing
1.
2.
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
- E
3.
- :
- :
- :
- : 50?
- : Q
- :
- :
- :
- :
- :
- :
- :
its like lethal company, if you like that game get this one
funny aah game
this game makes me wish i didn't have a job.
anyone who likes games like Lethal Company or Content Warning should pick this up, as this game feels more like a love letter to them than another shameless copy. it is the embodiment of 'the more the merrier;' while you CAN play singleplayer, it is so much better with more people. usually with early access games, i can feel the 'early access' part, but i have yet to encounter any bugs or glitches. the physics are so fun to mess around with! i love throwing people!
w
jorkin
You can say the n word in the chat
awesome
awwww yea game
Goofy horror game of the week, 8/10, would Jake it again
It cured my depression
game is pretty funny and great
It may be similar to lethal company but it is certainly its own game. Extremely fun!
w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w
goro goro goro goro goro
Buen juego, si lo juegas solo, no lo recomiendo, con amigos y si no tienes amigos, Salu2:)
i enjoy R.E.P.Oing with the Gang!
So FUN So SPOOKY and so CHAOTIC
10000000000000000000000000000/10 um good game yes very good game u dont need brain cells 2 play yes yes good game!
meiiw
better then Lethal Company definitely recommend
these guys were formerly thunderhumor on YT huge w
muy bueno
So funny bro
better than crack
juegardium leviosa
laugh when hunter falls down stairs
sfsfsfsafwsefdasfes
should I jerk off?
a fun goofy game for friends to enjoy together! :D
Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew Double Yew
Dont play with people below the average IQ
AMAZING
yes
grdag
esta cul
Game would be great but it has so many bugs. So far I have ran into controls getting locked making me constantly walk in one direction, lost connection to client issues, and voice chat just randomly stops working. When everything is working right it is fun, but I would hold off on buying until some of the issues get fixed in the upcoming patches.
Funn y
esta bueno
fun af
Fun game, Has some bugs where voice chat doesnt work, However, the characters talking seem to make it funner for my group.
lethal company but 500x better
FULL TROLL GOD
Buenardo
Funniest game ever i would play this non stop.
beepo boopo
pretty fun, love the weight mechanic
Bueno
Alguna solucion para que deje jugar con amigos? todos intentamos ser host y de igual forma nos desconecta. :s
voice chat didn't work smh
i like kurt cobain POV
Good
you can blow everything up
This is an excellent game full of chaos and making friends!
The game keeps crashing.
se ve divertido el juego, pero solo se puede jugar con amigos.
la verdad una lastima pero espero, que crean un servidor para jugar con randos.
bra good fiint spel
very good and somewhat scary
I break more than what i make
actually so good, big ups devs i've got hope
W
lethal company
For how polished semiworks previous game was, it is a shame that this game is so buggy. Voice chat randomly just not working, game freezes, save loading just straight up not working, I'll buy it again when the game is actually in a playable state.
10/10 Screw that damn duck
LA WEA BUENA XDDDDDDDDDDD RECOMENDADISIMO
play this +100 tism
jogo muito divertido e muito bom para se jogar com amigos
game is really good but the servers are absolutely buns. needs to be fixed ASAP but other than that 9/10 I carry my lame friends.
@samfyn
@zephken
@yugen7
@fattiethe1
@gummi
@deni
@adoodie45
Most of the negative reviews are skill issues and friend issues. game is fun solo just needs work to account that. random lobby is coming so people are just being baby gamers.
Fun game. 10/10
game doesnt run at all for me and my friends we can barely get into a game and when we finally do its only one round
would be fun if it was playable, but servers are in rough shape
v good
good
very cool game
tentando trabalhar aqui.
esta muy bien hecho el juego, la verdad si vale la pena aunque llega un momento donde se vuelve facil cuando deberia ser dificil
Any game I can get my friends killed is a game worth buying
freakin sweet
addicting :(
haHA NICE
im gay
game good <3
best game ever
I love this game
Esse jogo simplesmente muito principalmente o voice chat.
Can't even play for more than a minute before it kicks us off, please make sure your game actually works before releasing it next time.
ta divertido
playing as dumb little robots with my dumb friends is a 10/10
woaw
El ser humano nace bueno, el hp que te rompe los objetos es el que lo corrompe
stuff picking up simulators have never felt this terrible
great experience with the fellas
This game insists upon itself ,trys to hard to be funny
you can become skibidi toilet
this is the best pc horror game ive ever played its really good
lethal company but with a cart
devs were smoking crack with that steam icon
super hiper mega ultra extremamente divertido!
8/10
Feels like the worst part of every game it's imitating smashed together.
game is very solid,very funny, my chest hurts from the comedy pure masterpiece from laughs to scares emotions run crazy love it.
fun with friends!
Bueno juego, divertido con amigos
Really good!
little jit
Fun with friends!
this game is actually pretty fun and playing with friends is fun and stuff
Doesn't work with more than three people in a server
its so goofy and cute
Weno
good duck, yes game
i kill my friends, 10/10 game
Sacrifice your friends with ease :) 10/10 would murder again!
yes
super laggy and crashy and the gamechat didnt work, crashed way too much, but if it worked it would be fun
"A fantastic day for capitalism" - Marcus Kincaid
On the first go, it was fairly polished. Now that it's gotten popular, good luck trying to get into a game with friends without either audio or connection issues. It's not playable currently.
super funny with friends
Best $7 I've ever spent! My friends and I laugh so hard and are equally terrified playing this game. I'm not even joking when I say this game is perfect, and I'm so excited to see what else they come up with for this game and other games as well! <3
Two of friends were on a bridge.
One threw a duck.
The duck knocked him off the bridge.
His head knocked the other friend off the bridge.
The duck wreaked havoc as others try to get to extraction.
There were no survivors.
10/10 didn't know it was early access.
the amount of stupid jumpscares is awesome, its so funny and scary at the same time
Great game already and its not fully out yet too W should play if you have not yet
simplesmente sensacional, muito melhor que lethal company
The game is way too buggy, and stays crashing when ever me and my friends play. If I host, it doesn't work correctly; or the lobby doesn't have voice audio. sometimes even during game it will kick people out, or we wont have voice audio.
Other than that, the games super fun, and different and the monsters are 10/10. Just please fix the game because at this rate its not worth the $10; I bought it and have seen way too many bugs; its not even worth playing until everything gets fixed.
Silly lil fun horror game
Good
I no longer trust my friends. again!
Wanted to play it, all my friends bought it, but we are getting kicked after 2 min of gameplay. We changed the host 3 times, we gave up.
SUPER MEGA BON JEU
i like it
Love this game!
I like it
funny
so awesomeness
real fun game with friends. A welcome addition to all the LC style games. Anyone know a fix why some buddies randomly crash out in game?
Hurled myself at a teammate to knock them into a pit.
I then fell into the pit myself.
10/10
PO
HOLY ITS FUN
awesome sauce would buy again
duck scary
Repo is a very enjoyable experience that rivals its predecessors of lethal company and phasmophobia incredibly well. The mechanics are incredibly well thought out, and fine tuned. This game does have one major drawback (hopefully just for now) that being no public lobbies. If you cant find a couple of people to play the game with you, the single player experience just isnt as good, as games like this are fundamentally designed with the thought of the max player count in mind.
this whole game is just worth it
if lethal company and gmod had a weird lebian love child. 10/10
fun
Its fun
been playing mostly single-player mode and i personally still find this game really fun! I really enjoy the sound design of the game! if i could make one addition to the game it would be the ability to turn off my flashlight without crouching. I would confidently recommend this game for the price!
dont make me go back in
e
10
ta bueno
Super fun game especially playing with friends
wiggle it
juegazo.
The super positive response to this game was very misleading
No time limit so like 75% of the game is spent watching your friends quietly walk around trying not to die for 30 mins just for them to get one shot by whatever 3 op monsters are hanging around after you died in the first 3 minutes
Like previously said the monsters are way too powerful with almost no way to deal with like over half of them, and since the stamina is so low you just get cooked without a chance of surviving
and then after you die you're revived at 1 hp and eventually the whole lobby ends up at 1 hp and every bit of money you earn needs to be spent on hp just to get blasted again
more stamina, a time limit and more reasonable goals to suit it, enemies that dont just blast you immediately and have each enemy have a weakness or a way to avoid it, are some things that i think would make this game fun enough for me to keep playing
games icon is also ass and makes it look like some scam trash like everyone else is saying
there was a lot of potential here with the characters and the text to speech and really a lot of it, but it really only seems any good for clip farming from breaking vase so silly or getting jumpscare one shot by big scary guy so goofy but outside of that its just a dying/waiting simulator
probably going to refund
Damn terrifying and i love it
THIS GAME IS FLUFFING AMAZING YALL NEED THIS SHIT BAHAHAHA
Funna game
this game is hilarious, great for friends
YO SOY TAXMAN
Its a fun keep you on the edge of your seat type of game. Its better with a group of friends. The jump scares are great and every time I die I bust out laughing. Its just a great time.
pyuidtfidt
Im R.E.P.O.I.N.G. it
cual es el significado de R.E.P.O?
buenasooo pa jugar con amigos jajajajajajaj
Can play this game for hours
W game
Absolute cinema
repo is great but please make health packs universal because they kinda suck. also mod support would be awesome so it can make more content. add more skibidi toilets and niche references that people would get. thank you for making a game like story bots i loooove you repo
thug life
does anyone else keep disconnecting
fantastic
burger
'Put me down'
peak, i'm afraid, peak
game mid ong
beware of duck
fun
14 hours and I still want to go aieu aieu aieu aieu aieu aieu
I 100% Recommend this game, I have had absolute stupendous fun with my fellow exquisite friends. This a fun action packed multiplayer game that I can play all the time with always new ways to have fun. I would have to say the only bad thing is your friends. So just get friends. 10/10 Game, the solution to my problems = repo. Okawa is the best REPO player to exist, beware of that spooky book. It has ate me for the 20th time now.
Genuinely one of the funniest games i have played in a LONG time 10/10
the game is really fun theres never a dull moment if you play with some friends though i wouldnt recommened playing unless you have someothers to play with
QUE JOGO BOM
fun with a lot of friends
this game makes me wanna suck veiny dih
k
Se me una costilla 10/10
um velho cego arrombou uma porta e deu um tiro no meu amigo porque ele tava falando alto
sei o que acontece que toda vez que jogo coop com meus amigos eles ficam burros
maravilhoso, nota 10
tem jogo mais incrivel do que o jogo que desespera e faz os cerebros ficarem lisinhos
se tiverem a oportunidade de jogar, joguem, incrivel real.
YUP BUY IT
w game fr
good game in solo or with friend
funny
im kinda inbetween its a decent copy of lethal co and 2 other things 1 you cant play without friends so its rare that you have any 2 DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME ON A STEAM DECK all the controls are jumbled
Dude In The Trailer Sounds Like Pewds.
"RUN FOR YOUR LIFE!" That Dude
Best game in its genre
Overall the game has been super fun and you can tell that the devs put a lot of thought and effort into the details and game play. I love Lethal Company and this game is quickly rivaling that. It feels so much more unserious but still rewarding and I have cried laughing multiple times since I bought it. Proximity chat and the movements of the eyes/heads of the robots make this game absolutely hilarious. My friends and I are obsessed with this game and I'm so excited to see what the devs have in store for us.
I never laughed so fucking hard in my life. I am obsessed with this game.
Super buen juego, la verdad hemos pasado muchas horas de con mis amigos, jaja y para ser una persona, que se marea mucho con los videojuegos en tercera persona, la he pasado bien.
Huge W
Mocna gierka
EFGWES
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeessssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
Great game but playing with anymore than 3 people is impossible, and the servers are just terrible.
NOT FUN by yourself but with others omg its awesome
good funni haha
pretty funny
games pretty fun but the game runs pretty bad my buddy cant stop crashing his pc is fine same with internet idk what it is but it would be kinda cool if it be fixed
Review has been redacted.
es muy entretenido y sirve para insultar a tus compas 10 de 10
no achievements but I rly like it
Gud
IRS simulator but we play as the AI that replaced the collection agent's job.
server are bad and buggy
Sopepe te odio por regalarme restrepo y ser un puto malo de mierda, ahora te odio mas sopepe andas que chillas que para que me regalas el juego hijo de perra
muito bom
Epico
you should add public lobbys
It's wonderful and I love it SO much. Don't listen to the negative reviews. It's still a new game & they're working hard on it.
I. am. rat.
i love the game but theres a consistent bug that causes everyones mics to break and we cannot talk untill we restart our games only for it to happen again the next level we go into and its a real turn off
Game is too buggy in its current state. Crashes frequently, 50% of the lobby doesn't have audio. Will be a fun lethal company type game when they fix the bugs but for now it isnt worth it.
Fun Factor - 10
Graphics - 3
Creativity - 9
Price - 10
Best of the genre
amazing game
Muy pro
This game is fun, especially when played with friends!
Kill your friends and use them to kill your other friends.
Extremely fun moments when seeing your friends explode :)
es un cage de risa bro
lol
UH MAZZIINNGGG GAME :D
funny gaem
This game just creates its own comedy with the goofy character design and physics. The game is funny just when you're standing there watching someone talk, the amount of clips I've got from this game is crazy.
Buy if you have like 3 or 4 people to play it with, at the current price it's a steal.
Sat on a stack of boxes and watched my entire team get incinerated by a giant laser fired from the mouth of an abomination. It was glorious. 11/10 recommend
el juego es muy bueno claro si tienes amigo :c xd
Really fun mechanics, great maps, and spooky!
very funny and scream
seriously hilarious game, 10/10
really fun
esta fino
:)
Game is fun but voice chat is completely broken for me and my friends and it honestly ruins the experience, the voice chat is laggy and just randomly stops working otherwise it's great
R.E.P.O. R.E.P.O.
][][][][][][ haclo reach pretty good game love it its pretty fun and the emoji makes it seem bad but really its good game and i play it and guess what i found a blue thing and it explode and my friends see my body explosion and it was cool but yes buy game it is very good and taste good
Hay problemas con los servers
The game is funny but has a number of bug issues. My audio hardly works; my friend's game crashes over and over, and it's frustrating because the game seems really fun. Hopefully they resolve these issues soon.
ghbgv
HACIA TIEMPO QUE NO ME REIA TANTO SOBRETODO SI JUEGAS CON AMIGOS
RECOMENDABLE 100 X 100
THIS GAME LETS ME SAY ANYYTHING IN THE CHAT; NO FILTER!
you repo what you sow
Laggy with more than 2 player online
i would not recommend this game in its current state. buggy AND UNPLAYABLE. The 'game' doesnt even load you into the game for most of it and if the game does you lose audio of all your friends who are talking and if that doesnt happen it cuts your mic. I could noooooootttt say to play this game cause theres no game to play. do not buy this until these things are fixed.
content warning and lethal company baby
10
SPOOPIE
its funny and surprising
muy duro
REL
Fun game.
jogou legal mas na fase 9, o jogo fica crashando e fechando :v
Ta weno
os bonequinhos: :v
funny
A pesar de haber sido lanzado recientemente, este juego ofrece un excelente contenido. Hay muchas cosas por explorar, pero lo recomiendo. Le doy un 9 sobre 10 y tengo la esperanza de que en el futuro se incorporen muchas novedades.
first experience was bad. made moeny and geam stop worklng. do not purchase unless need sdhit
r.e.p.o
game no workie and make me big sad. good game but no work rn so make dev suffer
the server not worky today otherwise game is really good but because of this one instance I curse the dev team
Some issues with audio not working and for some reasons I had many issues loading into games today. All the other days i played it it has been very fun hope these issues can be fixed
I'm going to echo what a few have said i originally glanced over this from the emoji face on the banner but holy crap i'm glad i gave it a look, i bought it for me and my friends and we had a blast in our first session, the gameplay is solid and the monsters so far are varied and interesting to try and counter. Honestly do yourself a favour and give it a go
I get killed by my friends more than the monsters. 10/10
Turned me into a psychopath.
i dislike this product for no reason.
W
yeah its fun or wtv
RapeO
juego kl weno pa jugar con amigos
The game is very fun to play, but extremely buggy. Game breaks on loading screens and loading moments of the game mostly, in lobbies hosted with friends.
very lethal coded, love it
D
me gusta el pito
Perfeito com amigos!
I have 500 hours on Lethal Company, this game beats it in every aspect when it comes to comedic timing. 10/10 would recommend.
I love this game, its so fun to replay with friends though i just encountered a bug where none of the mics pick up and we cant hear eachother
love the vibe of being forced to hide from an old blind dude with a gun under a bed totaly unable to warn my friend in the room one over due the old guy probably sniping my snithing mouth faster then i can react.
highly reccomend if you like the sound of panic
need crazy good internet but they are working on fixing it i think very fun tho
very fun with jax alexender clevland my friend gifted it to me slug chug very fun with him too
Good Game
MY TOP 5 FAV GAME I LOVE THE DUCKK!
and my bookie vance backobs
Insanely fun game! Honestly prefer this game over you know what.
good
I'm screaming like a little girl in a game with no micro transactions.
Life good.
so much for triple a games hahahahahaha. thank you for making a great game
Better lethal company.great game, love it so far! Hope to see constant updates!
Keeps kicking me and my friends out of the game or host times out (no matter who host)
proximity chat breaks for at least one person every game
Having a friend scream "AWWWW LOOK AT THAT CUTE LITTLE DUCKY-" then proceeds to die instantly with a headshot was the most hilarious moment you can have as firsttimers. 12/10 I named the sweet little deadly ducky Chica
Hope this gets a lot of map updates in the future, it's really addicting!
I LOVE BREAKING VASES I LOVE BREAKING VASES I LOVE BREAKING VASES I LOVE BREAKING VASES I LOVE BREAKING VASES I LOVE BREAKING VASES I LOVE BREAKING VASES I LOVE BREAKING VASES I LOVE BREAKING VASES I LOVE BREAKING VASES I LOVE BREAKING VASES I LOVE BREAKING VASES I LOVE BREAKING VASES
major voice chat and connection issues
Game keeps crashing and teammates randomly cut out so I have to restart game and I swear to fucking god if another retard says "check your audio setting" I'm gonna be an X article.
i walked into a room say a big ass baby try to touch me and my friend we left the room for a few seconds the baby left but a blind man with a double barrel raped my friend
Its like lethal company but its physics based, has more mechanics, has real progression, and its humor isn't completely based on the players. It is a nice breath of fresh air so far. Plus, there's already work on new updates, so hopefully it will have longevity. Muy bien.
i got yelled at by friends to shut up while a duck jumped in my face while picking up a diamond, only to touch the duck and get karen screamed at for 10 seconds.
10/10 will tumble again
god muyy god
robot does the funny tings and uh yeah game good
R.E.P.O
Voice chat just stops working only works for like 10 seconds after restart
se merece GOTY
Dont make a game like this if your in-game voice chat doesnt work
really fun game to play with friends, my only issue is the constant use of the emoji and how long the sprint last for
there is sex
TTS
The FitnessGram Pacer Test is a multistage aerobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues. The 20 meter pacer test will begin in 30 seconds. Line up at the start. The running speed starts slowly but gets faster each minute after you hear this signal bodeboop. A sing lap should be completed every time you hear this sound. ding Remember to run in a straight line and run as long as possible. The second time you fail to complete a lap before the sound, your test is over. The test will begin on the word start. On your mark.
You can buy a Rubber Ducky that bounces and explodes on each bounce. 10/10.
Capitalism and fear
Definitly more fun then Lethal Company
though i DO think the quota explodes too quickly
Please add Mod Support!
Me caguei todo com aquela merdinha preta, slco apareceu do meu lado corri e gritei.
Mas o jogo bom, espero que abandonem ele, tragam mais att e novidades, quero ter jogado 32 reais em
Se tem amigos pra jogar pode me chamar: 1509190809
Le jeux est bien mais les mob trop fort
Les premieres heures tu rigoles puis tu te rend compte que les mob sont bien trop cheat et que tu ne peut pas y faire face a moins d'avoir un pompe qui coute 90 k et la tu commence a te faire chier
joguinho bom do djabo eita jogo bom de cair os
R.E.P.O. is quite the ride. This game is a loot-and-profit kinda game with fun mechanics that you discover as you play. There's a tutorial, so it covers the basics, and everything else you learn on the go.
R.E.P.O. makes you play as a robot and puts you on abandoned buildings with a single objective: Reposition of goods to make a profit. You investigate such locations to adquire items and put them on extraction points. You can only make use of em after you adquire a certain quantity of item profit quota (you can only extract after all the items combined on an extraction point are worth over 10k for example).
To collect, you use a tool in your hand akin to a gravity device to carry loot. One must be careful while handling things, since bumping stuff will make it's worth go down, or break down entirely.
There's a bit of a catch, tho. The buildings aren't quite as abandoned as they make it seem. There's enemies, whose objective range from being a minor annoyance, to very deadly threats, so one must tread carefully as to know how to deal with the situation.
After collection, you can spend your hard earned cash into buying either upgrades for yourself, tools, or weapons to fight the baddies (which are defeatable, and drop loot if defeated).
After this, the game makes you do it again. It's randomly generated, so any 2 experiences won't be the same.
This can be played in both singleplayer and multiplayer. This game is recommended for multiplayer to share a lot of laughs among friends and the ridiculous situations one can get itself into. It can be played in singleplayer, however. Enemies get rebalanced on singleplayer so it's still enjoyable and things don't one-shot you if you got more than 100hp.
A funny thing is that this game uses Text-to-speech chat, so most people type a funny message first (I'm also guilty of such a thing).
The developer, semiwork, is still working hard on this title and interact with the community to enhance the game to make it the best game it can be, so I'm really looking forward to how they'll enhance this game in the future.
This game is promising, and I like it a lot. If I had to say anything I don't like about this game, it'd be the Steam banner, which doesn't do justice to how good this game really is. If it had something a bit better, it could probably make it into the hands of more people.
tl;dr
This game is Lethal Company if you had a gravity gun and could upgrade yourself.
c'est l'un des jeux sur le quel je me suis le plus J'ai beau adorer Lethel Compagny; je dois avouer que j'ai eu plus de fous-rire en 5 games sur R.E.P.O que sur mes 80h de jeux sur L.C.
Entre les sabliers et le qui cours des marathons, je dois avouer qu'on est bien niveau potentiel de fun. Merci pour tout <3
I love this game. Its funny, scary, and cute.
Yo its me Denzel Curry and i approve this game 10/10 would recommend!
funnny
Best 8 bucks I've ever spent
A fun refreshing take on the online Co-Op horror comedy genre, the fragile nature of the valuables and the way you collect them leads to a lot of comedic situations that make this game stand out, I can't wait to see where this game goes as it continues development.
funny
bon jeu faire entre amis, on ne voit pas le temps passer, on a pas l'impression de faire le tour rapidement
Disconnect, every, single, match. refunded. seems fun but doesnt work. least for now, dont get the reviews if all 5 people i played with had the same issue. Tried with all different hosts, same thing. Open to ideas.
nice game
why cant i join random player and if i press joingame keeps getting me on the steam :( i waste my money on this
I am sure it's a great game, but 4 of us with TOTL PCs can't get it to run for more than 2 minutes without a client timeout error. fIx your shit code.
yes but they need to fix the mic issue it will randomly cut out and not comback.
S
- REPOcalypse -
Ive compiled a great Modpack for it on Thunderstore, its really fun and I update it often. Its Called REPOCalypse by Fusioneers.
Join our Discord to see when it gets updated.
its soooo fucking funny
the funny out weighs the scary
Cant host, nor join a game. Everytime me and my friends try to play, no matter who hosts it, it either wont load, or kick us in the first couple seconds/minutes.
Game that is good. There are many bomb that follow, including your friends. If you are reading this, and have friends, and don't have this game. You should now
fun game better with friends
It's le fun game with le friends
ta chido
Absolutely amazing game.
Already released in early access as a super fun concept with all the makings of an absolute classic!
As long as the Devs keep adding content and riding the hype train they have currently created the sky is absolutely the limit. It seems from their videos they are passionate and will keep adding to it too, hopefully quite frequently!
fera dms
Best game ever
Update: Setting back to recommend though with the caveat that this bug still isn't fixed. However, if you keep to groups of up to 4 and don't have people swap in/out it seems to prevent whatever the bug is, so it's been playable again.
It literally crashes about 60% of the time on startup, every other round someone permanently loses audio and/or mic, it's simply in an unplayable state til these major bugs are fixed. Will change my review if this changes.
When it worked it was fun but til these are fixed i can't recommend.
ass
Very fun take on this genre
Buen juego
Aunque aun esta en mejora y actualizaciones pendientes por ligeros bugs, tiene las mecanicas adecuadas para darse de buen juego cooperativo entre los compas
is good
maybe
on est sur un sablier violet surement de la zaza ancestrale parce qu'une fois que tu l'attrapes tu vois l'univers au ralenti les pupilles comme des crackhead wah de la frappe sa on mort de rire comme ce gros batard d'emoji
game is fun af
10 10,
1.
2.
3.
4. (
5. 100/10
6.
Korku oyunu kategorisinde fakat nefes
fun
ES SUPER DIVERTIDO EL JUEGO ESTA BIEN BUENO QUE PEDO
Not enough loot for higher level quotas
"R.E.P.O" um jogo que tenta misturar elementos de e mas falha em quase todos os aspectos. Aqui uma destacando os pontos negativos:
e de Arte
Os visuais e sem identidade Parece um jogo feito pressas com assets reciclados de outros projetos. A inconsistente, e os efeitos visuais, como e datados e sem impacto.
Jogabilidade
O jogo tenta oferecer uma mas a fraca. Os controles imprecisos, as e uma clara falta de feedback para as do jogador. O combate repetitivo, sem nenhuma de real.
e Narrativa
A trama mal desenvolvida, com personagens e O jogo tenta criar uma envolvente, mas falha completamente, tornando a sem ou qualquer investimento por parte do jogador.
e Trilha Sonora
A e contribui para a Os efeitos sonoros mal mixados, e algumas falas dos personagens soam artificiais e sem
e Bugs
O jogo sofre com problemas incluindo quedas de FPS inconsistentes e mesmo crashes frequentes. A falta de polimento torna a frustrante e, em alguns casos,
"R.E.P.O" um jogo que poderia ter sido interessante, mas sofre com uma pobre em praticamente todos os aspectos. A falta de originalidade, jogabilidade frustrante e problemas fazem dele uma A menos que receba uma grande vale a pena jogar.
lethal company but funnier
I love this game it's super fun with friends i highly recommend it
my good, good friend had audio issues for seemingly no reason, at random, fix the damn bugs devs you big goobers
floating head is not fair
yes
fun game with friends love to see controller option.
Jogo do ano
I really enjoyed that game, its fun and goofy, unfortunately my friends didnt want to play this with me, so i refunded it. But with the right people its really entertaining.
gogas
muito bom para jogar com os amigos
could be better but i feel okay with this purchase, good multiplayer game!
VEJA SEU AMIGO SER ESMIRILHADO NA BALA POR UM VELHO CEGO > PEGUE A DELE > REVIVA ELE > REPETE = 10/10
Aqui, e seus amigos basicamente um SERASA sobrenatural, invadindo casas mal-assombradas pra recuperar bens
> Jogo 100% melhor com amigos sozinho, parece que fazendo um bico de na deep web
> cartunizado o jogo terror, mas uns sustinhos legais
> Sustinho aqui e ali nada que um berro no Discord resolva
> Caos organizado ou pelo menos, o primeiro monstro decidir que curte sua
Se gosta de rir e se desesperar ao mesmo tempo, R.E.P.O. uma escolha! vai te traumatizar igual certos jogos de terror, mas vai te render bons momentos tentando fugir com u pratinho verde neon
Recomendo, mas se jogar em grupo!
This is a super fun game to play with friends. Lots of laughs and spooks all around!
VERY SABESTED
muito bom, fui mordida por uma calva voadora enorme, desviei de um tiro de espingarda de um velho cego e entendi que nao da pra confiar nos meus amigos pq na primeira oportunidade vao me jogar no bicho.
recomendo
really fun better lethal company do wish the mics weren't as lagg
y put in a final review 4/5 great game i do recommend
Quieres pasar un buen rato de risas este es tu juego, da igual como lo hagas siempre te acabaras riendo sin control
I love the old man, hes so relatable
played game, was awesome
got kidnapped, wasn't awesome
didn't survive, hate game.
Play with others, it is funny
Es el mejor juego de la historia, no queda dudas, GOTY 2025
This game is so much fun and very scary would def recommend
So damn funny when online
yes
jogo paia demais
good
An amazing, fun and funny game, worth the 9 euros if you enjoy having a good laugh with your mates.
My friend gifted this game to me and I have honestly had the most fun in this game than I've ever had in any online horror game let alone regular games. Perfect balance of humor and horror. Especially great with friends. Highly recommend!
If you want to have thew best time ever and want to get mad at your friends for breaking something this is the game for you.
yes
Super fun physics-horror game, and affordable! Highly recommend, very fun with friends!
super worth it, great with friends, havent had this much fun in ages! using the text chat is fun for hearing it saying slurs 10/10
funniest fucking game. 10/10, would beat my friends over who's the king loser again
I really like the game, its very funny to play with friends especially when u play it for the first time. It's the perfect mix between horror and delight. There ae small bugs like monsters being stuck/their pathfinding somestimes doesn't work so well but its really not so often and overall its very nicely done and I would definetely recommend it. I hope in the future there will be more content to come :)
Fantastic with friends.
You can run down your mates with cart while yelling "sir! sir" SIR! Do you have a moment?"
jogo 10/10, as resenhas com os amigos insanas, recomendo totalmente, os sustos vale a pena kskssksk
got molested, molested back
good game
Very fun just wish the item breaking stuff wasn't so harsh, you can slowly drag a giant statue on the ground and it can lose like 3k - 7k repeatedly.
This is a great game and is super fun multiplayer and solo. Really love the tranq gun and how you can just throw around big guys after shooting them once. Would recommend!
dub shat
great time.
good
yes
no
idzie i musi 2 tysiace pieniadzy to ten kretyn wszystkie kubki i talerze - normalnie w porcelany
Awesome game! 1000% recommended
simulador de ser rumano encima con armas 10/10
Text-to-speech is the best part about this game.
This game is so fun and the developers are wonderful and keeping the community updated!
so much fun with friends or single player
awesome game! I love thrusting my teammates from behind and having gang wars in the toilet.
SIGMA GOONER
great game that would be even greater if yall supported ultrawide
vbfds
gowno jebane
666666666
This game is so 10110001101010101100011010101100101010010101011001010010101010110101010
-Love potion Micropachycephalosaurus <3
Great insane fun and quite challening the longer a run lasts, gets quite tense. Biggest challenge is getting past the horrible steam thumbnail tho, like I hate looking at it in my library lmao
Creative and fun
Que jogo bom
this game is great and is definitely something new that the lethal company-esque/co-op horror genre needed!
the use of physics adds a challenge to the game that eliminates the "ahhh scary runaway!" repeat cycle that these games sometimes have. you'll be laughing at your friends dying, getting scared, and getting flung across rooms.
it's incredibly unique in design and mechanics. definitely my favorite of this genre since lethal company! can't wait to see if they add more!
Dziadek spada ze i se ryj rozwala 10/10
ta bueno
10/10
THIS GAME IS ASS IT KEEPS KICKING ME AND MY FRIENDS OUT and we cant hear each other in the game. We try everything but nothing works! !WERE IS MY REFUND!
It was fun while it lasted.
Muy buen juego, no tiene limite de tiempo como lethal, lo cual lo hace mas facil, pero tiene su dificultad, ya que aparecen criaturas a cada rato ademas de al ir pasando niveles este se vuelve mas complejo y mas rondas tienes que hacer para juntar dinero, RECOMENDADISIMO
heheheheh GUN
My friend gifted me this game earlier today and it's the most fun I've had playing a game with my friends for a good while now, it looks so goofy from an outside perspective but when you play it you see how truly terrifying and unique the experience is, I will definitely be playing much more of this and would highly recommend it to anyone with a few friends and the scratch to spare!
10/10 game!
GJKUILUHKLUHKL
The cover for the game through me off but its just like the videos you see on tiktok and facebook its just as fun and scary and even better when you have a group of friends 10/10 would recommend to everyone
Very fun game, very fun to play with friends, just not enough content to keep everyone entertained, like being able to find items that you would buy in the shop would be cool, like being able to take a cart, or a drone off of a group of previous repo bots would be cool
fire
I am in constant fear 10/10
very game. Good. Buy. jawohl
peak.
VERY NICE
This game has me screaming like I'm being axe murdered. 10/10
its really fun! i love it
doesn't work if you have bad connection
great game. good play 10/10
come on you know my friends dont have this game id like to play with radom people
everying elese is good just dont have any friends
yes
This game is like Lethal Company and Phasmaphobia had a baby and it's soooooo good 5/5
godly
get the f rid of the Kaonashi or whatever this shit is been killin me all the time
otherwise everth is valid
jogo legal
Whys this duck following me around?
brain rot sim. i love it
yes
Awesome game to have a laugh with friends. Played non stop for 6 hours
10/10 game. I would absolutely recommend this game to anyone.
So fun to play with friends and even alone
i like it. amazing game.
Es un juego muy divertido si tienes amigos con los que jugar, 100% recomendado no os arrepentireis de esta inversion
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
lmao
Gioco super consigliato, risate assicurate se giocato in compagnia, continuate a supportarlo e migliorarlo!
very fun, lot of game play diversity and mechanics at release. cant wait to see how far this goes
gayet kaliteli
Goofy ahh
Yes
this is a good game nigga
There's nothing quite like yeeting garden gnomes into the wall to save your valuables. My jewish relatives would be proud.
gra roku (absolute cinema)
my friend made me get it and it was fun im bad at it tho but its fun
Top Game with friends
hella funny
play with me
gud
Very fun in general especially when playing with a large group of friends. Difficult to get far into the game but the ability to have fun in it no matter what makes it a very enjoyable experience
te odio nahuel eres un idiota muerete
big boobies
Highly recommend if you have friends to play with, though it is still good alone. It is able to combine both comedy and horror very effectively, though I do think that it loses a bit of the comedic charm when you are playing by yourself. It runs smoothly and I haven't had any major bugs occur during my 9 hours of gameplay. It has multiple maps that all feel different, having unique loot, and the longer your run is the maps will get bigger and bigger leading to more exploration of areas you haven't seen before. The monsters are all creepy and most are dangerous but you do have options to combat these creatures if you like but at the cost of loot or money to buy items. Stealth is a cheaper option as even if you kill the monsters, I believe the do respond.
I'm excited to see how the developers continue to update the game as it seems the game is really blowing up right now.
After Lethal Company, the first game I enjoy like A LOT for game-nights with my friends. When we play, time passes like nothing. So if you want to have a lot of fun with the most random shit that could possibly happen to you - try it.
Love this game! Only issue I have with this game is the stamina. Runs out WAY too fast and replenishes SOOOO slowly.
Great game for friends, equal parts terrifying and fun (and makes for great clips LMAO). I love the sound cues and how the game really wants me to stay on my toes, you can goof around but always be ready to roll under a table lol. It's like Lethal Company, Content Warning, and Gmod got put into a blender and got made into a smoothie, definitely worth playing and I LOVE this game, easy to be hooked with the right friends but gets pretty scary and easy to quit when you're going solo.
GOATED
Good
potentially better than lethal company
spewed on my friends
El sexo le gana pero igual es bueno
Gran Juego
on my first ever game. my friends died and i saved them with Fear. also the Shadow Child yeeted me and made me lose 30 HP.
gud game blind guy maje me poo
so basically i called the domestic abuse hotline after playing this game
Game crashed in the middle of a God run from explosive skullhead monsters
good except bug that removes prox chat mid game
well well well
Jogo divertido, adorei o visual e principalmente dos personagens, esse jogo me fez rir querer mais, espero muito que em frente com e novidades.
Repo is really a very funny but also scary game. At the beginning you have to get used to the controls and the handling of the items. But we quickly got the hang of it and were able to successfully clear out the houses. The in-game voice chat and the various effects of the items round off the gaming experience perfectly. It definitely brings fun to the game night and sometimes also the odd scary moment.
Thank you for this great game Semiwork, please keep up the good work!
Fornece altas com os rendendo otimos dias e suaviadade para a vida
super funny game, love that you can revive team mates and that it is so silly
Sonrics del
o veio que atira paia
Quase infartei de tanto dar risada.
the baby is funny
Very fun and amazing game. Highly reccommend to play with friends!
JUEGAZO
i got fucked by a big face and i got ptsd from the stabbing lady felt like i was back in london the way she used those machetys
fire
This game is really fun even in solo play you can still have fun even while getting spooked but one thing i would change is the game icon even though the emoji has some fear factor to it it makes the game look like another horrible leahtal company clone but its really not over all i would rate it 4.5/5 stars
Game fantastic!
you can throw valuables on your teammates
This game is silly and I really enjoy it
YES
My friend Brady Samples who works in Taco Bell and attends Whiteland Community High School says he doesn't like this
10/10
ama mi korkudan Otistikleri
Another fun game for friends to play together online, fun for some laughs
I murdered my friend by throwing a grenade at him, 10/10
Funniest game of the year
This game is so much fun if you like grabbing loot in a house full of monsters with your friends.
Highly recommend!
Gioco molto semplice da capire ed intuitivo
L'unica pecca che per giocare in party, bisogna avere amici su steam che possiedono il gioco, sarebbe utile mettere una ricerca delle partite online anche con sconosciuti con preferenze in base alla lingua/regione di gioco
Naturalmente a chi vorrebbe fare una partita, aggiungermi su steam
epic
It is very fun
Touch the duck it rewards you with 20k if u sell it
I CANT EVEN LOAD UP INTO THE GAME
ma frends got the game and didnt like it so if anyone wants to play i will play with anybody
Fun game with friends
i place a mine and killed my friend eating food 10/10
Muy buen juego,ya de por si el juego base es muy divertido y no cansa,al meterle mods es aun mejor de lo q es asi q compralo q para mi es mejorr q lethal company.
Excellent game to play with friends
yes
Despite a poor single player experience and very unbalanced gameplay aspects, this is STILL far more fun than most games in the genre.
e
ich habe schon lange nicht mehr so ein lustiges spiel gespielt was man mit freunden und alleine spielen kann. klar ist es irgendwo horror aber mit freunden ultra lustig.
es hat seine macken was sie von den betrifft und auch einige updgrades die karte bekommen (raus zoomen z.b) aber ein Early Access-Spiel kann ich nur empfehlen.
tres big quand on joue pas avec des golems
A jouer avec des copains! C'est trop
For only playing 1 hour I died more to my friends than I did the monsters.
Absolute 10/10 would get naded in the shop again.
- -
wiwiwi
i blew my friend up cause he said he was skibidi toilet. im gonna kill myself
i shit my pants
prolly best game ive played
Funniest and most entertaining game ever.
very good very nicee like it a lot.
i did a thing, we all died. worth it
Super fun game, took lethal company and made it more fun and with a hilarious art style. Could sit in this game and just chat because it's hilarious.
absolut geiles horror spiel mit freunden oder liebes partnern nur weiter zu empfehlen!
get some friends and youll have fun
Multiplayer system is janky AF
I dont understand why it has to be so complicated to invite players to a game without having to add them to your friends list first. pretty annoying design for a casual multiplayer co-op game.
This barrier to entry caused me to lose interest immediately. Should be listed as a single player game due to this ridiculous bottleneck. You will spend more time trying to get people in your lobby than you will actually playing the game.
Lame
Lethal Company was alright, REPO is great
Ignore the cringy emoji banner, game is really fun with friends
la puta hostia mucho rato de aventura y diversion
W game
An early access game with more polish than most AAA games nowadays is enough to bring a tear to a grown man's eye.
this game is basically if lethal company and content warning did it and forgot to wear protection
epic.
Pecka, bomba, sranda!
South Park + Lethal Company + GMod i.e. South Park's Canadian tax collectors armed with physguns raid lethal crack houses.
I would pay my taxes
it good
Games funny asl if you have people that are energetic
baby threw everthing and then killed me. Gud Gem :)
Anten ve Kafa abiler onun harici bir ;)
Top tier cinematic chaos 24/7
i love this game and personally i think its like a mix of lethal company and content warning because there are the items that remind me of lethal company and the dumb funny moments from content warning
This game is fun.
guy touched me
duck has a gun
The vape squad is the best in the game
The vape phone go's hard with this game
You cant buy this game without giving your bro head
yes
w game with friends very funny
Looked like it would be more than just a lethal company reskin, but it's honestly all it can be. Has some funny gimmicks, not funny enough to keep me hooked longer than 30 mins. You can tell the devs put a lot of love into the game, however, it's just not a genre I think is very fun anymore. Good enough game, not worth your time though.
Best we ever spented, you need to have balance of having fun & teamwork
top
yes
peak
GuZeLL
Out of all the lethal company clones this by far is the best
Love the game! would be nice to connect our controllers tho
Imagine Lethal Company but BETTER also I hate those spider babies
Five little monkeys jumping on the bed,
One fell down and bumped his head,
Mama called the doctor and the doctor said,
No more monkeys jumping on the bed!
Four little monkeys jumping on the bed,
One fell down and bumped his head,
Mama called the doctor and the doctor said,
No more monkeys jumping on the bed!
Three little monkeys jumping on the bed,
One fell down and bumped her head,
Mama called the doctor and the doctor said,
No more monkeys jumping on the bed!
Two little monkeys jumping on the bed,
One fell down and bumped his head,
Mama called the doctor and the doctor said,
No more monkeys jumping on the bed!
One little monkey jumping on the bed,
She fell down and bumped her head,
Mama called the doctor and the doctor said,
Put those monkeys right to bed!
One of the most fun co-op games I've ever played. For those interested it's similar to lethal company while being distinct enough to be a completely new and fun experience. Absolute 10/10, I love accidentally hitting my teammates with vases :3
jogo foda
BANGER
this game is insanely funny.
like. an i-cant-go-five-minutes-without-clipping-something funny.
i cant get enough of it. even if you only have enough people for a duo? funny.
ADD WORKSHOP SUPPORT!
great game with friends even with that early access tag it's quite fun for now but can see it getting repetitive quick
a better lethal company
lethal company 2. very funny with friends
i died
10/10 would die again
The videos and images dont describe how fun this game is playing with friends
fun
Better lethal company. Most mobs are actually escape-able. Loot is diverse and fun.
pretty good
Its a much better lethal company. Very fun to play with friends.
The game is exceptionally great other than a few things here and there.
1. I feel that entity/enemy amounts can be overwhelming for those who play with only 1 or 2 people.
2. Killing some entities with very expensive weapons only for them to come back to life at a point makes weapons kind of pointless.
3. This one is a bug for sure, but when playing down items into the item collection in the level. I put a single item that I needed to reach my amount and while it green lite for collection I threw a few extra items in for more money and it didnt count an entire extra 10k.
All and all it is early access, it is fun but expect some rough parts that need polishing. Connection between friends is great because it relies on our connection. The game doesnt feel laggy or glitchy and everyone has a fun time!
rating for me so far 7.8/10
frying pan
a good fun game to play with many friends
this game is soooo flippin funny
I do 5 backflips everytime I die and the enviornments are so scary
i cannot wait for the new content this game has to offer and hopefully this game comes to console at some point in the future with crossplay
holy gyat we got mauled. 10/10 big ahh head dude lowk got good game. tots recomend
repo
Hilarious with friends. 10/10
10/10
Its fun thumbs up
this game is peak
Super juego este juego esta chido con amigos y si te saca unos sustos no lo duden comprenlo
keyifli
Lit
10/10 recommend
Please, you need to add to play with people who you don't have added to your friends, I don't have friend playing this game and for me is impossible playing alone so please add this option and servers. thank you!
the controls make me wanna swallow glass, and calling it horror is a bad joke
Yes sardeen men go funny
silly robots,
Entre phasmophobia et lethal company, en plus simple et facile prendre en main. Mais aussi moins angoissant, donc chill jouer. Top entre potes
kinda just lethal company with less stuff
SE PASAN LAS HORAS VOLANDO.
10
Quise acariciar a un patito y mato a 4 de mis amigos.
10/10 como experiencia
Lethal Company with an actual Dev team that seems trustworthy.
y team mate screamed and I got shot.
10/10 would recommend.
PITO
This game is so worth getting. Just don't break the loot.
jogo mas amigos pra jogar n vem inclusos certifique-se de achar alguns pra jogar
Stop looking at the bad reviews and just buy the game
Gut diese
its just lethal company. which was also bad.
2x 8
Silly idiots fighting monsters and being loot bugs
(y)
funny clips
coi342
Funny [
Threw grenades and killed all my friends. 10/10
demais
Muito divertido de se jogar com os noias que eu chamo de amigos
I watched my friend shove another person into the face of an enemy and they both exploded. 10/10 will play again
IM GONNA 1V1 A FLOATING HEAD WITH THE PUKING LEECH AND NO ONE WILL STOP ME
i love this game try it
Crazy funny to play with friends. Hope there will be new content soon though. The only game I've ever played that let's us all chat in the loading screen
funny game really fun 10/10 must recomend :)
2
da escola
Gamer
Ligado em uma Usina Nuclear
sei se tem historia
o foco
para boi Dormir
a Pena prestar
Dead Redemption 2
ter um dedo e um
Bird
com algumas
apanhar bastante no
de 300h+ para poder Clickar
de Jogo
Vai jogar pouco
para descontrair
jogo tem um fim e vai durar muito
provavelmente jogar bastante
vai ver sua vida passando fora enquanto joga
e
ouvido sangra
melhor por uma no spotify
tudo certo
Sons preciso e a e
van Beethoven marcou
aconteceu comigo
uma ou duas vezes
Melhoram o Jogo
vezes acontece de bugar
que Tic Nervoso
das Pessoas que
esperando oquee? de
baratinho e vale a pena
Normal
Boa!
exclusivas para quem paga
apenas as coisas mais
Obs: Eu adoro jogar Lethal Likes! Sou de jogos como Lethal Company, Content Warning e Kletka, e talvez eu esteja um pouco hypado demais, mas diria que este o melhor do que joguei com meus mesmo Lethal Company, que deu origem ao termo. Perdemos o nosso final de semana inteiro jogando e dando boas risadas, algo que eu sentia desde a vez que joguei Lethal Company.
Se curte esse estilo e tem amigos para jogar, apenas compre e divirta-se! Com menos de 400MB, um excelente jogo de que vale cada segundo.
funny
Sehr Spiel. Musste aus der Nase ausatmen
repo
It's not always you can make a robot voice say pee pee poo poo, but then this game comes along and lets you do exactly that. 10/10
I love indie coop horror games
I grew up on Dunderhumor and i always wondered what happened to them. I guess i got my answer. Making an AMAZING game with ALOT of references to dunderhumor (i think) like the "DET KRIG" duck or the furry white monster that says "Jag gillar inte morot". Extremely happy to see this. 10/10 game by a 10/10 team with 10/10 references.
funny if you have friends
100 100
ii
Ich hatte bis jetzt eine sehr Zeit in diesem Spiel. Meine Freunde und ich haben es uns eher spontan gekauft und ich mochte es erst gar nicht aber dann habe ich mich in diese Art von Spiel verliebt. Ich bin seitdem so und seitdem es auch beim Sec mit meiner Partnerin viel besser. Sie hat viel mehr ORGIS und mein Schnipel ist auch dicker und Ich hoffe auch andere Leute oder werden diese Erfahrung auch machen
Herzliche dein StinkePo
Me cago de la risa
magnifico
got fucked by a massive thing with a sword and a duck whilst trying to sell expensive items and smashing them in 2 seconds and ended up trickshotting a landmine killing both my teamates
Nice game
Great game, Friend gifted it to me but I'd be willing to buy this in full after the fun I had
no miren las compren el juego y ya
jo
col
FUNNY GAME FUNNY PHYSICS LOVE LOVE LOVE GAME GAME GAME GAME GAME GAME FUNNY FUNNY FUNNY THANKS THANKS
exelente jugo muy divertido pero no es tan divertido si no tienes con quien jugar (soy el sugundo)
yeah
honestly this is the perfect goofy extraction game. one thing that makes this game better than others is the voice chat is so high quality. if they continue with map and monster updates it'll become all the more amazing
watch ur friends break shit and do stupid things! funny AF
10/10. Insanely funny and a great time with friends. Highly recommend
Amazing, funny game!
I was in a shop. I was quite enjoying myself looking at the shop and well. I turned around to see 3 landmines and 2 grenades pushed against my teeth. Safe to say I perished.
For real For real. the game is so good and so funny if you will play it with 3 people or more. the game got lethal company vibe but its way better take it from someone played it more than 5 hours. i recommend this game its cheap and its so fun.
a good tip be sure to bring group of friends like 3 or 5 people minimum
You wont like this game alone
Great game for Gaslighting friends!
10/10
i need people to play with me i will binge once i have 3 people who have the game
your repo what you sowo
stupid little rugrats keep throwing stuff at me, 10/10 would recommend
yumm
Every 10 seconds there's an "AHHHH WTF WAS THAT" or "RUN RUN RUN" OR "YOU BROKE MY VASE" followed by "BWAH HAHAHAHAHA." Very consistent game
10/10 would scream and laugh
pretty fun
last thing u hear before u are blown to smithereens: [b]"HUP!"[/b]
)
Erstmal null gecheckt worum es geht, nach ein paar Runden mit Freunden ging es dann (wir sind safe 10x gestorben bevor wir es gecheckt haben :)
El juego es muy bueno con amigos, las risas son fenomenales.
believe it or not the awful emoji is not really part of the game, it's also very easy to clutch after all your team mates die LLL
Has Friendly Fire
mega
10/10
Eu jogo sozinho e me divirto
Sem querer atropelei o meu amigo com o carrinho e ele caiu no void.
10/10 faria denovo
10 10!
super fuckin fun and funny 10/10 would recommend
Very fun stil needs work
Lethal company reskin this shit aint hard
this is the best game ever i gifted my friends thsi game and they love it (i think i hope they do heh.) get like 4 people to play w and u r gonna have fun i love repo i love repo i love repo get this game
puxa o meu lado indiano e espanhol, assim dizendo agora ide-vos com os porcos
A.B.O.B.A.
very fun lethal company style game with its own unique quirks
R.E.P.O. is honestly a hidden gem (well, not-so-hidden now since it's blowing up, and rightfully so) and this review is just me yapping about the things I love. If you, Steam user, are reading reviews to decide if you want to buy it or not, do NOT let the emoji banner make you think this is just another weird, flop indie game. TLDR of my review because it will be a little long: BUY IT. IT IS SO WORTH IT.
I cannot think of anything negative to say about this game. It is genuinely so polished and well-made, I hope the devs of Semiwork are extremely proud of themselves. While it is not a new concept (the classic loot and extract), this game gives a breath of fresh air into the "genre."
This game brings a new mechanic (well, from the games I've played like Lethal) where everything has a value that can decrease based on damage taken. In most games, you can be careless with how you handle your loot, whereas here, patience and carefulness is key. Some objects have more resistance to damage like a giant runed cube, whereas things like irradiated cups and plates need more care. Or smash them on your teammates' head.
The AI of the monsters is amazing; they each have unique characteristics, from a blind guy with a lightning-fast trigger finger using his shotgun as a walking cane to a little duck that wants nothing more than your attention, wanting to be picked up. Some monsters will even attack you while you're hiding under objects if they see you hide, and honestly it is quite terrifying. I've had to clean up a brown stain or two so far. Cough cough anyways.
The last thing I'd like to say is that the player animations are incredible. It is SO hard not to laugh when your friend is giving you the side-eye under the table with you, or when they're yelling and their little character's mouth is just going one hundred miles a minute.
I am SO excited to see what future updates bring, what new monsters we, the taxman lackeys, will encounter and what new places we'll see.
Imagine a battle mode for this.
Best Horror Co-Op game ever, this game is perfect full of vibe, fun and scary moments, this game is better in every than all the others Horror Co-Op games.
Definetly recommending this game if you play with friends, the solo mode is very hard and scarier if you want the taste of a horror game.
Three words to define this game, FUNNIEST GAME EVER.
You can get killed by a guy that shoots lazers out of his nose, 100/10
HILARIOUS
best game of 2025 to 2060:D
pooped my pants 4 times from a black baby 10/10 experience
Mr. Worldwide ate everyone's asses. We all enjoyed it. Dale.
funny
yes
unapologetic peak
peak
oe
parfait
FIRE ASS GAME U SHOULD BUY IT ONG
cool game
sybau ts pmo icl ts pmo
Great game i would recommend if you got like 2 or more friends to play with\
Ps: dont pick up the cute duck
garbage men with a minium wage salary the game.
)
Its super fun especially with friends, lots of funny moments and can be quiet fun
This game is so silly and goofy, have not had this much fun since lethal company!
fun game
good
it took exactly 59 minutes for me to this consider this game as GOTY, 10/10 absolutely recommend it.
loads of fun! great game to get everyone together for 10/10 cant wait for the updates to come
10/10
loved it, it's got the basics of lethal company, and it adds so so much more, heaps of fun!
It's a game
se co se
Figo
funny game = good game
peak
Absolute cinema, jogo com muita personalidade e claramente feito com uma e criatividade absurda. A muito tempo jogo um coop divertido e que perco o tempo enquanto jogo.
docela chechtanice
BU OYUNDAN SILAHLI ADAMI KALDIRIN SIKERIM BOYLE ISI 3 KERE OYUNUN BASINDA GELIP TEK ATTI ORUL ORUL ORROSPUCOCUGU
Awesome game add me to play!
Very fun game to play with friends.
Very easy to get funny clips to share with your friends.
20 hours of gameplay and still am not tired of the game, and I've been playing only with the starting content, the devs already said they're planning to add more content in the near future.
Good game
lethal - 10 Astronaut in the ocean 10
Shit is fire bro
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA KABOOM
10 10
is a bitch
gay ellerno litt 15 verdenskrig vibes og folka som har laga det spille her er egentlig litt bronee
Im scared
Very promising extraction game, a lot of fun with friends and just the right balance of silly and scary.
Absolutely great game and far more engaging compared to lethal company in my opinion!
But as people have been echoing, it has bad advertising. That stupid emoji turned me away from the game for so long. It was only when my friend told me more about the game and heavily recommended that I gave it a shot. And I am glad I did! It is super fun.
Just a victim of pretty poor advertising/marketing choices.
Content farm slop
es divertido y esta cagado meter a tus amigos al inodoro de la tienda
PeppaJack Luv dis game shit spooky, scary, crazy, hilarious
2025.3.21
peak cinema
valid
Not as funny as Lethal Company but it's a good change of pace
the only thing that really is bad about this game is the little crawling guys that jumpscare you over and over again its just not scary and really unfair
5 10 10 20 20
baba spiel
Very entertaining game, the game's banner might as well be an entry barrier cause if you don't know anything about this game it looks like shovelware at first glance
Devs I beg of you get rid of the banner
Very Fun
lethal company but gmod
oui
tienes las risas asegurada. aun recuerdo cunado mi amigo tomate se cago encima viendo la cabeza flotante jajajajja
Very funny game i enjoy it with my freinds
i hate the stupid little gnomes and the stupid ghost thats way too excited to kidnap you
10 10
the huntsman hes so funny don't you love this game
:D
yes
This game is a blast with friends! It's super funny, but it's a shame you can't play it a bit of a drag.
Muy top el juego la verdad
Meh, good flavor of the month (FOTM), let's see if it doesn't turn out in another Lethal Company or that awfully gimmicky game with the camcorder.
jajajajajajjajajaja
Very good physics based horror looter.
ambatakum
Very solid lethal-like game and it is absolutely hilarious with group of friends. The physics-based aspect brings back memories from amnesia games. I strongly recommend.
its fun but you really do need friends in your friend list.
racism simulator
My freind hot a hold of a gun in the shop.
Continued to shoot everybody and then himself.
Cue the yelling that we didnt get the upgrades we wanted.
10/10 game at the cost of my mental health and trsut in people
i keep throwing people down pits. very nice,
fun
10 10.
Fun to play with friends
This game is very fun, if you liked Lethal Company good chance you will also like this one. This is more "goofy" i would say, there are some elements to just make you laugh, the good old comedy that makes you laugh when you are "young"
Do not underestimate how fun this game can be with people you vibe with ( i cant guarantee the game is fun if your lobby is not aligned on what you want to experience in the game : going far or just having fun )
I also don't know why they used the emoji as the logo, if you are bit weird out by it, dont worry about it. I bought it for 8 bucks and its been easily months since I laughed this hard on a game.
gameplay is very amusing and multiplayer is hilarious
Fun
meilleur jeu pour s'amuser et faire n'importe quoi
Es macht viel man kann viel lachen :)
Troll-your-friends kind of game. Approved.
it's coming ooOOOOOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUTTTT!
hehehaha
Perfect blend of the lethal company formula with goofy physics
-
mega smieszne robociki (czekam na sex update)
:D
?
I rarely comment on game, but this game deserves it, with low graphic, low setting, low price, this game is amazing, i really love it, and i hope devs never stop caring for this game, unlike other games i purchased and devs were like, yeah that's it! no more new content, bye have a great day
Une tuerie putain enterrez lethal company, le roi est mort vive le roi
FUEGOOOOO
10/10
Very funny!
MUY BUENO
Peak, but please add sex!
This game is a masterpiece
6 47
Frisch und Lustig gut zwischendurch
komik
It's the bestest game everer
)
googoogaga baby keeps throwing clocks at me
amazing
increible, es una mezcla de risas y miedo, me encanta jajajaj
Very funny and fun with friends, it might be better than Lethal Company.
o7
What's new Scooby-Doo?
We're coming after you
You're gonna solve that mystery
I see you Scooby-Doo
The trail leads back to you
What's new Scooby-Doo?
What's new Scooby-Doo?
We're gonna follow you
You're gonna solve that mystery
We see you Scooby-Doo
We're coming after you
What's new Scooby-Doo?
Don't look back, you may find another clue
The Scooby Snacks will be waiting here for you
What's new Scooby-Doo?
We're coming after you
You're gonna solve that mystery
I see you Scooby-Doo
The trail leads back to you
What's new Scooby-Doo?
Na na na na na
Na na na na na
Na na na na na na na
Na na na na na
Na na na na na na
What's new Scooby-Doo?
gave me back my enjoyment of gaming
it is a good game but my microphone is not working in this game :(
Very funny game - but should play it with funny friends
its very fun with friend def worth the price
11 10
Good gam
Pog game
Esse o tipo de jogo que me faz odiar meus amigos cada dia mais, e demonstra todo Qi que eles tem
yo devs remove the cringe emoji banner its doing the game a disservice its probably deterring so much people from buying it and enjoying it
Eins der lustigsten Spiele die ich je gespielt habe mit etlichen geilen features!
I love this game.
sosal
[h1]R.E.P.O[/h1]
-
[h2]10 10[/h2]
lehtal company but better
10
This game is so much fun!
If you're a lethal company enjoyer, you will love this game!
Fun game if you like stealth. I don't, so not for me
very good
Le jeu est bien mais faites attention aux canards
4 3-6 2,
Soundpad
10 10 *
-Iniciei
-Peguei coisas brilhantes
-morri
-voltei
-matei meu amigo
-morri
-aprendi como lucrar rapido
-mais itens
-mais fases
-morri
-inicio de novo
-chego onde nunca cheguei
-uma pega meu saco de dinheiro
-mato a
-ela dropa um cristal
e quebro o cristal
-morro dnv
novos amigos.
great fun game for cheap price
it is slightly unfair but its fun
SOOOO FUN
Buddy of mine bought this game for me and it's hella fun, 10/10 would recommend.
epic
she R.E on my .P till i .O
ANOTHER DAY ANOTHER DIE PERIOD
Zis Game Is Foire my frend
Oui, je le recommanderais un groupe d'amis, dans le esprit que Lethal company (qui doit une source claire d'inspiration).
Le concept est La physique des mouvements est la fois bonne, mais totalement dans de nombreux moments. C'est un jeu streamable son mais lassant s'il manque de fine tuning sur la physique, des objets et personnages, sauts Le ragdoll est mais un peu plus quand c'est au coeur du gameplay. Merci.
Genuinely a good time with friends. Some of the best laughs.
this shit doesnt work, it keeps crashing and freezing out of nowhere. please fix it cause its unplayable now
-
adorei, o jogo e incrivelmente bom, na minha opiniao, a unica coisa que eu nao curti, e que nao tem modo multijogador, espero que cooloquem esse modo.
:)
amazing
I carried my team by escaping from grannys house and then got tortured by my friends while my mic was going beserk, I had the time of my life.
10/10 best swedish game ever
-Inicio o jogo
-chamo meus amigos que sabem nada do jogo
-minha amiga morre de rir por que encolhe
-minha amiga fala no microfone
-morre para o veio cego
-meu amigo um pato
-ele toca no pato
-pato vira o diabo e mata ele
-sem querer toco no pato
-morro
10/10
A solid culmination of Lethal Company clones, definitely better than Lethal Company itself! Highly recommend buying it at full price even, the devs seem to be really on top of bugs and really seem to listen to players! Can't wait to see how it grows!
Simply put? Scary moments wrapped inside moments of hilarity.
so col game i will play again maybe idk
Ayo w.e that floating head was trust ill get my get back homie.MF ran up behind me like diddy
10/10
10
Jeu nul chier mais masterclass quand que le continue sortir des
oioioioioioioioioioioioi
Che smatto sto gioco AHAHAHAH
trash game
pretty boring
Very funny Game that i recommend for Friends!
SUPER FUN WITH FRIENDS
R.E.P.O. somehow manages to perfectly recapture Lethal Company's blend of horror and comedy. 10/10 co-op extraction horror, up there with Murky Divers.
very fun with friends
Fun Game, but Voice chat is broken.
A few minutes or even seconds into the session I stop hearing all other players, and they stop hearing me,
making a game where the main draw is proximity voice chat entirely pointless.
I can't even find a statement about this bug anywhere, except "its already fixed".
I cannot recommend this game until this bug is fixed.
Fun with a good group of friends
pretty fun
3 R.E.P.O.
R.E.P.O.
Amazing and alot of laughs.
Game good.
Very good.
Pls fix enemy pathing, they keep getting caught on my cart and destroying all of the contents trying to get past it.
cheers :)
This game taught me the lesson of letting others go first
It's the only game that isn't frustrating no matter what happens. It's pure comedy. At the time of publishing this review I only have 2 complaints about this game, that it can only be played co-op with your friends, and that it doesn't support UltraWide screen. I would like to see these two fixed soon. I wish the development team much success with it, to release as many updates as possible for it, because you have a treasure here, this game has a chance to be ranked somewhere next to the game of the year, or even be it, I will vote for it without hesitation. I recommend everyone to play it
good game
itemi atabiliyorsunuz harika bir oyun
would recamend this game is for the faint of hart
funne
please add online mode with random players
can someone play with me?
10 10 :steamhappy:
JM
super.
This game is so refreshing. My two buddies and I are having a hilarious blast with this game! The physics and monsters make this so enjoyable. GOTY 2025
hahaha
Scam looking Logo but somehow have the best game play 10/10
je to goat hra
repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo
METTEZ UN WORKSHOP SVP
This Is a W game To play with friends. I cant wait for more updates
good
very good
Loads of fun with friends!
very good
meghalok
10/10 fun was able to ram my team mate off the catwalk with the cart killing him instantly. it will happen again.
nigga
insane game with friends
fodA pra caralho, mas vai devagar com os objetos
The game itself is very cool, you can even see that it was created based on almost all the old Little Company game. I advise you to play it too, and especially with friends! (P.S. although the meaning of the horror itself disappears with it when you play with a friend, and not alone)
100% para jugar con amigos, es complicado pero hay bastantes cosas para mejorar en este juego y enfrentar todos los enemigos de este juego haciendo que sea muy recomendable y provoca momentos muy divertidos y entre amigos, ademas se ve que tiene bastante en lo que llevo jugando no bug y tampoco escuche de alguno, la IA de los enemigos funciona bastante bien y en menos de una semana de salir el juego ya anunciaron una
regles explosives de rire
Sometimes I see th e baby and I think to myself 'oh man thats the baby I hate' and then its over
a really funny and terrifying game
"soundpad".
Tam oyun
laugh and scare farm
imaginar que um jogo sem muita criado por um pequeno em seu jogo de estreia, tenha conseguido, em uma semana de no Steam, mais de 15.000 com uma taxa de de 96%, superando mesmo o novo grande do ano, Split Homicide. E esse jogo, que primeira vista parece simples, tem o que de que chama tanto a
A resposta no fato de o ter se inspirado em alguns elementos do jogo de sucesso anterior no Lethal Company, mas, em vez de criar uma atmosfera aterrorizante do ambiente, optou por um caminho mais voltado para o humor. O projetou personagens com arredondados que podem encurtar e alongar, e combinou isso com pequenos detalhes interativos no mapa, criando uma multiplayer muito foda
10
Good game
Don't play with butterfingers
Lethal Company, but you're even more fragile and expendable! You get to carry around a gmod phys-gun and slowly drag precious loot throughout abandoned corners of society out into extraction points. Hilarious in its own ways and does a good job of separating itself from the other co-op horror games whilst also possessing a depth you won't find there (thanks to the upgrade system, even if it's still 'within' the run).
This game is a painfully slow and uninteresting copy of Lethal Company that does the opposite on every decision that made Lethal Company great.
Yes Yes, game of the year!
yes fun hide its da huntsman
10 10
Goty
Twitch.tv/JCFENIXX
Watched as someone dropped a box down a flight of stairs killing the monster
mega fajna gra tylko zaczyna sie zabawa kiedy stary dziad rucha cie w dupe od plecow
basicly lethal company, but with more things to do. and very funny
fun
it good
Probably the best "lethal company" follow up game so far, much more involved looting systems rather than lethal's much more enemy involved gameplay. Makes it easier to play for new people with easier respawning systems to keep people alive. Hilarious game in every way.
One of the funniest games played in ages, even though the first multiplayer game it still has great mechanics. Although there is one thing to note; the fucking rugrat needs to be fixed. Even just one alone can be a run ender; if they get their drool coated grubby little hands on a large item then screwed cuz that shit will one shot. But just if one of buddies and I encountered 4 once, I'm sure you can assume how that played out.
Over all one of the best games played in a while, but when the time comes that I have to be a single father because some baby gave my homie the angstrom treatment then using final flash in the hopes to rid this world of these demons.
good :)
fun genre vraiment
absolutely fun game, would recommend just going in blind and learning along the way. just need more friends to play with now.
Jogar sozinho? em dupla? com pessoas? importa, esse jogo de todas as formas.
peak
muito bom, compensa dmasi.
GOTY MOTY SOTY ROTY DOTY AOTY
Jogo muito bom, fazia tempo que encontrava algo desse espero que abandonem igual aconteceu com Lethal Company. que infelizmente um jogo que bom com mods.
El juego esta muy divertido y tambien hay momentos que si te asusta a pesar de los de los robots, pero tambien estaria bueno que a mas jugadores que se unan a las partidas y tambien que pongan en el juego
Peak
add king von
sigma game :D
It's like the family guy of lethal company. A rip off, but a very enjoyable and decently original one. In all seriousness this game is super fun and hilarious with other people. My one problem is that some items (like the giant aztech-looking block) are extremely difficult to move alone without damaging it. So if there was a way so that the block doesn't spawn in singleplayer, that'd be great.
I want to play this game, but I have no friend.
If anyone is willing to play a want to record with me drop me a message @ DC - ravenxanax
god
fun and scary but hard
Ignore the cringe banner. Actually gut game
A ton of fun with close friends.
oyuna fov eklenirse olabilir.
Very fun to play with friends and a really good breath of fresh air 100% recommendation
big thank dev
besseres lethal company
Cringe logo.
Jeu ultra fun entre potes, pour moi il vaut sa place de lethal et content warning. les moments dans le magasin sont ultra fun. Je recommande a fond
Grandpa gotta chill bro
Es el juego del momento, y con mucha no le busques, muy bueno y sobre todo con amigos es de terror, y robar.
ser atacado por monstruos, Super, bizarros como un anciano ciego, con una escopeta o una cabeza con cuatro manos que busca golpearte, mientras eres un robot, robando con muy graciosas.
Fun and silly with friends, intense as * by yourself! My only gripes are that multiplayer needs more to do when you die other than sit quietly and watch your friends for half an hour as they try and revive you, and the monsters need just a little bit more warning as to their position. I've gotten one-shot so many times by getting shot through a closed door with zero warning what so ever. That having been said, still a very fun game and I'd recommend!
10 10
gl
4/5 toast
funniest game I have ever played. get at least two of your best friends together and die laughing
como el lethal pero con entre los wachines
fun and scary at the same time!
Muy divertido. Esspero que contenido
this the new lethal?
Really fun with friends
Fire game! & if you don't have friends to play with, you can copy the game link to their discord & play with randoms. Fun to learn & play, 4.5/5!
10/10 but you have to wait 5 hours for szipy
Juegazo
lustig und horror mit freunden
sigma
2
The game is definitely worth it it`s super fun! Just make sure you have someone to play with as there isn't matchmaking yet. However they said they will add matchmaking it in the future.
I know why they used an emoji for the game, made me pass it up multiple times do to it looking like a scam, until someone gifted it to me.
The game is fun, and like lethal company, but definitely enjoyable and entertaining.
rthujfyhgujnm
fun and funny asl
good
peak
jogo maravilhoso, eu tinha amigos para jg mas entrei no servidor BR do dc e encontrei muitas pessoas jogando, eu fiquei altas horas jogando com eles e ameii, nao vejo a hora de colocarem novos monstros no jogo e mais mapas e items, mas estao de parabens os criadores <3
J'ai pas d'amis pour y jouer mais a l'air bien
(Ajoutez-moi mdr)
Awesome game
uprate
This game truly feels like the culmination of all the good things about games like Lethal Company and Content Warning. You can tell this is a real labor of love for this small dev team. I can't recommend it enough.
Wishlist:
Self-Moderated Custom Lobbies A way for players to create and manage their own lobbies, making it easier for those who struggle to find others to play with.
Progression System A reward system for continued play. Losing everything and starting over can feel repetitive. It would be great to see innovation in this area, such as: Stronger base stats over time, Upgradeable weapons, Cosmetic upgrades for the truck or player characters
More Reliable Weapons Weapons should consistently perform well and be effective against monsters (maybe I just suck at hitting monsters)
Overall, this game is up the great work!
i LOVE this game! A fresh and silly take, thats super fun! And its the right level of difficulty too. I hope they continue updating it cause Im having alot of fun :)
-
- 9
- 15
10/10 would Repo again
very cool very funny, glad to see this studio have a hit game! Been watching their videos since i was a young man. GO PLAY IT NOW SO FUN!
Its a game
hell nah i was stuck in a place for 2 hours man
RLLY FUN AND THERES NO TAGS SO U CAN SAY WHT U WANTTTTTTT
goated
- - -
drole
Lethal Company like game. I'm not going to say it's better or worse than LC. It is it's own game with it's own charm. I'm excited to see where the updates and mods take us.
amazing
mid game, its like lethal company with no atmosphere, less content and a ton of cheaters.
100009478310471241244
10 10
played it with my beautiful girlfriend, almost teared up
pick your fiends up to offer them to the monster so you can life 10-10
MUIT BOM JOG DIVTETRIGDO CACO KABUM MORRE ENGRACADO KKKKKK MUIT BOM JOG HAHA
el mejor juego en el puedes hace chuza y mandar a todos a volar si te lo propones
this is leathal company but straight up better in my opinion.
very fun very funny very god very happy sometime sad very awesome
Very fun game only issue I'm having is all of my friends and I keep disconnecting, don't know if that's an us issue or the game.
6 6 120 5
Best game ever
FKK4KKKOFKK
Better than lethal!
I like.
tuve que darles plata a todos los secos de mis amigos para que se compren este juego
good game228
this game is so fucking good
Great game 10/10
We need a Kick Player option in start lobby
traumatizing very good
RoflanEbalo
10/10
No greater feeling than seeing the 6000 big vase smash into a million pieces after it grazed the ground ever so slightly.
-
-
WH,
14
Co-op
6
6
voice chat
Co-op horror
Early
carino mi immagino giocarci con un amico molto meglio
very fun, I broke 27 plates on my first run
jakis jebany latajacy fiut mojego kolege HIV i AIDS nie polecam
5/5 ei oo sensuroitu N sanaa
gaming
Very fun and very funny, Good game
Muy guapo, muy chulo, nuchas gracias repo por esta grafica y obra maestra indiscutible.
man why do lethal company look weird
10/10
wom wom wom wom bwahhhh badadum ba dum bummmmm (good game funny thing)
ZZZZ
very funny and enjoyable
pretty fun! wish they have public lobby for when my friends are not online find people to play with
5
this ugly motherfuckin game is so funny
(i shitted my pants for laugh)
robot
Banger
skibidi
Muito legal o jogo melhor coisa do mundo e mata os amigos
Hopefully they'll change the logo, I've had several friends not want to buy the game over the emoji.
The game itself is similar to Lethal Company, but makes vast improvements over mechanics and the game itself (ability to break items, skill upgrades, fun and engaging monsters, ability to kill monsters more consistently).
Would like to see:
1. I'd like to see more items and weapons added! Having monsters being killable is a big plus on this game over Lethal Company, so more ways to kill them would be preferable.
2. Would also LOVE to see the rotation mechanic improved.
3. And actual progression. Maybe we get to keep an item? I'm not sure what form of progression, but anything would be great.
nerf kafa amk
:)
amazing
Game of the year
Buen juego muy recomendado para jugar con pibes
Not really fun to play solo have done it a bit due to circumstances but good fun with friend's
very good game for playing with friends. Learning what the monsters do and what they are is kinda vague it would be kinda cool if like lethal company where you would get info on the monsters and stuff
Very fun game
Hab es Gekauft aber noch nicht Gespielt LOL
PS: nur wegen dem Hype gekauft XD
aber das Game ist bestimmt Cozy
PS: hab es jetzt 4 Stunden schon insgesamt gespielt und es bockt Ultra vor allem was funny sachen auch immer pasiern XDDDD
Funniest game on the planet, 10/10 would recommend
hra
/
awesome
This is one of the best games we've played in a while. We all had tears in our eyes from laughing so much. You can tell a lot of love and attention has been put into this game. Can't recommend it enough!
you can kill children
its gay
dos Jogadores no Steam[/h2]
de Jogabilidade (21/25)[/b]
[i]Controles Intuitivos - de usar.[/i]
(5/5)
[i]Jogabilidade Balanceada - Justa e equilibrada.[/i]
(5/5)
[i]Engajamento do Jogador - Envolvente e cativante.[/i]
(5/5)
das - Escolhas significativas.[/i]
(3/5)
Recompensadora -
(3/5)
e (21/25)[/b]
Cativante - Enredo envolvente.[/i]
(1/5)
[i]Atmosfera Imersiva - Ambiente cativante.[/i]
(5/5)
Visual - impressionantes.[/i]
(5/5)
[i]Qualidade de - Som de alta qualidade.[/i]
(5/5)
[i]Interface Polida - Interface limpa e funcional.[/i]
(4/5)
[b]Design e Aspectos (22/25)[/b]
[i]Design de Jogo - bem elaboradas.[/i]
(5/5)
[i]Qualidade do - Rico e diverso.[/i]
(5/5)
[i]Comportamento da IA - Inteligente e realista.[/i]
(5/5)
- e
(3/5)
[i]Problemas - ou inexistentes.[/i]
(4/5)
Finais (24/25)[/b]
Geral - de
(5/5)
- Compras dentro do jogo.[/i]
(5/5)
[i]Valor de Rejogabilidade - Longevidade e replay.[/i]
(5/5)
- Dinheiro gasto vs horas jogadas.[/i]
(5/5)
✅ Sim
un jeu sympa que ce soit en solo ou en coop, le jeu vaut son prix
The text to speech has zero filter. 10/10
1
10/10
very funny
fun
asegurada si eres una persona divertida o tienes amigos.
I'm R.E.P.O.ing it :)
en iyi 150 tl hakediyor
VALIK STRATALIK1111111111111111111
Hehe
jogo muito bem feito e divertido
im pooping
777 10
At first when you see a monster the premise is. run and don't look back. But as you play you discover new things by pure accident, such as the shotgun guy being blind. I appreciate the unique monsters and their ways of countering despite them seeming invincible. (The items are pretty cool to) also funny baseball bat go brrrr
10/10
Definitely worth every cent. I died so many times laughing and headaches are a must with it or you just get it from laughing.
Slammed a baby into the ground with my group of friends. 10/10 Game of the Year. Very much recommend!
Es un cague de risa con amigos, los robots son peak character design, solo cambien el maldito logo del juego, ese emoji lo hace parecer shovelware de wii. Tiene realmente pulidas y bastante divertidas.
Y nerfeen a la vieja de las tijeras
This game is amazing! I highly recommend playing this game with your friends if you are looking for a fun new game to play. The only thing is that I wish that the Taxman (emoji on the promotional image) was a monster in the game that the players could come across. You only see the Taxman on some screens and that is about the most that you see of him. But aside from that minor detail, the game is really fun and unique and I really recommend this game for others to play.
"R.E.P.O"
gra, kolega Kayne west runaway na fortepianie po czym zdenerwowany klaun nam wchodzi do pokoju i w nas laserem
Funny and scarry -Thats what i need.
Goated game 10/10 with friends
Super fun only thing missing is public lobbies
bra
This game rules, physics based co-op horror is super fun and the little robots, the text to speech and everything else is really funny. The only downside is that the logo/banner looks a lot like a shovelware garbage game that I initially just ignored it.
:3
hay nha
good
Das Spiel ist ultrawitzig und macht in der Gruppe richtig es sollte UNBEDINGT an einem offenen Lobbykonzept gearbeitet werden, damit man nicht NUR mit Freunden spielen kann
-
ITS ABSOLUTELY AMAZING IM ADDICTED TO IT I SWR
:)
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
10/10
8/10 10.
Game is ridiculous and funny. You will have a good time with your friends. Just go into it blind and have fun. It's obviously quirky and weird and can cause some jump scared but hey that's what we like, right? Also, if you're a content creator/streamer you're going to LOVE the clips you get from it! The only down side is that you can only play with Steam friends it looks like? I didnt notice a lobby to play with Randoms which I thought would be nice. Not everyone has 6 friends to get consensus on a game ^_^ If you're looking for a person to play with,
Es un juego muy divertido adictivo y gracioso si lo juegas con amigos 100% recomendado.
Really fun horror game, I'd recommend 4 or more people 3 at least. You can hide from the monsters under table's which a lot of other horror games don't have. 10/10 very enjoyable game.
[Would Like Linux support tho]
WWWWW game
FUNNY WITH FRIENDS
Es un descojone de juego
very fun
O JOGO MAIS DIVERTIDO DE 2025, OQUE EU DEI DE RISADAS COM OS AMIGO INCONTAVEL
F.U.N
monster go chop chop
10/10
Das Spiel ist in meinen Augen eine 10/10, wenn man genug Freunde hat, die mitspielen. Aber selbst wenn du keine Freunde hast und dich traurig und allein kannst du in R.E.P.O. auch im Singleplayer haben.
Also lass deinen geldgierigen Instinkten freien Lauf in R.E.P.O.!
ihr wissen!
nazi
6 1
10 10
Dans un premier temps certains dirait que ce jeu est similaire Lethal Company, sauf que l'unique point commun que je trouve est le de quota presque similaire et le scrap sur toute la map, tout comme les points d'extraction.
Le jeu de beaux graphismes pour les fans de actuellement le jeu peu de mon mais nouvellement sorti le jeu est loin de lobby ( il vous faut des amis sinon vous jouez seul ), l'endurance est un terrible enfer passable au fait que l'on puisse se cacher. En revanche les mobs casseurs de scrap sont des et vous serez par leur nombre si vous malchanceux.
Pour avoir de nombreux jeux avec des amis, en ou non, ce jeu est terriblement mais frustrant je le recommande.
C'est un jeu banger si vous avez des amis. Si vous en avez pas, pleurez.
10/10 when playing with your friends
Very good and funny game with a bit of difficulty.
hilarious and challenging
Es el mejor juego del estilo con Lethal Company.
Suuuper fun game, pretty much a combo of Lethal Company & Content Warning and I mean that in the best possible way. Bonus points for a hilarious TTS chat that's fun to mess with. Grab some friends, hop on this shizz, and have the best night of your life
GOTY.
Great game, It has a lot of originality with the enemies, the animations of the characters I love as an artist, it makes me want to make fanart. I'm sure the concept arts of the game look great. I'm going start following this game and its developers, I recommend trying it. The mechanics of collecting objects carefully. It's true that the maps are HUGE at the start. But you get used to it!
Super funny co-op horror game. Good scares, enough varity but also super fun and comedic to play this with your friends.
if you have friend yes if no i dont recomend
eee
mis amigos me tumbaron y me metieron a la taza del bajaron la palanca hasta que volando, altamente recomendado.
Don't let anyone fool you; the emojis are half the fun!
Absolute hilarity is the other half! It's scary, it's easy, it's silly, it's hard, it's exactly the kind of game I love playing with my friend group, the devs obviously put a lot of love and laughter into this one and it shows- until that duck shows up. Then it's a lot of pain.
sikeyim, abinin de elini kolunu sikeyim
ALTIMIZA HER ALIN ALDIRIN PARASINI SONUNA KADAR HAK ELEMAN EN
No Ultrawide support
ta bueno
Big fun game ragdoll friends pick them up send them to the monsters than hear their whining and crying like the smug bastard you are.
very fun uhhh baby threw tv at my head
10/10 would play again
Mega mind
good game, looks fun.
no online multiplayer.
and my friends list is dryer that the Sahara desert.
Very funny game, i like big toys
To2 much lorneonthecobb
betrayal. fear. laughter. deafening screams (definitely made one of my friends deaf in one ear). what more do you want, a fun game with friends that can go either way
WW
its fun and well polished for a game that just came out, the hiding mechanics are fun and so are the unimaginable horrors
Goated game, uncensored chat
my friend jumped out of a box and got blasted by a laser
10/10 would recommend
[h2] THIS IS THE BEST CO-OP HORROR GAME EVER PLAYED! [/h2]
I have 25 hours in this game, and still having fun. However, I hope they add metaprogression soon.
My favorite thing in this game is: [spoiler]the Huntsman falling from the stairs[/spoiler].
top
pinkna gierka
gut
I screamed at the top of my lungs and woke my entire family up.
Amazing game, best with like at least like 3 friends but even fun to play solo just alot harder, the physics just like make it better 10/10 love this game.
very fun game
Get ready to die of laughter with da boys.
nothing is better than shoving your best friends inside the toilet and flush them LOOL
SERVERS CRASHING IS AN ISSUE BUT ITS FUN
Such a fun game with friends and randoms i would highly recommend u buy
amazing funny enjoyable scary
-
-
-
-
-
Ce jeux est avec des amis
An old man gave me backshots.
Super hra na principu Lethal Company.
Ale za mnohem
hry je splnit co qouty a monster.
s
mega rolf
I enjoyed very well. Best game for couple of gays. Recommend :)
Sigma
excelente, criativo e fases e divertidas. Acho que a loja pode ter pontos a se melhorar, e claro, mais bruto para o jogo seria bem vindo.
Ignore the banner of this game that looks ugly, it does not do justice to what it actually is.
R.E.P.O. is yet another lethal company game but it still does things differently to not become a mere clone, it manages to be fun and also creative.
The (probably) main gimmick of this game, is that it's physics-focused, and the developers mean it, you can even pick up your teammates and become super small by just crouching, allowing you to possibly hide in the craziest ways (like hell, you can even hide inside a toilet or a box), and it also means that you have to carry the items with care, or else you'll lose a bit of value or break it, this game can be really fun to play with friends thanks to the possibilities with the physics and some special few items can affect the players.
And instead of having to return where you came from to sell your items, you have to sell items in multiple rooms inside the levels, which causes your objectives to be very risky the more you progress, and after you're done selling everything, you have to go back to the truck and leave, but the engine may take a while to start, which makes the experience even more intense. (Note: there is always 1 extraction point next to your truck and only 1 on the first level, the next one will have 2 extraction points).
Almost forgot to mention this, but the shop is lowkey good, there are upgrades so you can upgrade your stamina and speed, trust me, they'll be REALLY useful if you have to run.
While I'm writing this, it's only the first version of the game, it's early access but there is already a good amount of monsters, I recommend buying now, the devs listen to feedback and they'll add matchmaking in an update, and in the next update they're also adding a new level which is pretty cool :)
Even though, there is balancing issues in this game, specially the stamina, they need to add more and make it regen quicker because it's kind of impossible to run away from the monsters when you dont have that many upgrades.
played with friend, we found a duck, he pet the duck, he was killed by duck. 10/10 would recommend.
lots of fun
The scariest thing about this game is being stalked by Hufsa (Robe)
11/10
funniest quota horror game
Los 8 pavos mejor gastados de mi vida.
Primero, es un juego sobre todo dedicado para el multijugador, pero que se puede disfrutar en solitario. Sinceramente recomiendo que para tener un buen rato lo juegues con amigos, ya que os despollareis y si prefieres una experiencia mas seria y tensa juegues singleplayer.
en acceso anticipado y necesita contenido, pero por su precio no me he aburrido en ninguno de los minutos que he invertido.
tiene mucho potencial para mods en un futuro.
No os compreis drones, son inutiles
Fun with friends, not made for singleplayer
A funny but scary game
Juegazo para jugar con amigos
Money
Lots of fun! Though, I really do agree with what everyone else was saying. The thumbnail for the game made me super disinterested and it took me seeing clips of gameplay on Tiktok to get me interested.
un muy buen juego, lo miraba a hueo por decir puta lethal company 2 pero, si, son las mismas premisas de ir a buscar weas para vender y plata, pero este tiene su encanto chistoso, tiene unas mecanicas incluso mas divertidas que el lethal, el jugar con las fisicas le pega una muy buena pata en la raja al lethal, 10/10, aun le pueden meter mas contenido chistopso
THIS GAME IS SOO FUNN
SIMPLESMENTE muito divertido e tudo funciona perfeitamente, vi nenhum bug durante as gameplays, vale muito a pena comprar.
10 10
- Me and friends start game
- Big head chases me
- I shit my pants
- I go back to lobby
Good game 10/10
Tranq gun is the best
Peak game, better than lethal company ngl
tenho amigos para jogar esse jogo comigo, mas por isso que deixo de indicar.
um jogo bastante divertido, e ao mesmo tempo, um pouco assustador.
na minha primeira vez jogando, eu mal respirava para fazer barulho.
quando de repente. meu pai fala algo bem alto na cozinha e eu morro.
se tbm tem amigos para jogar, comenta ai e a gente marca.
good game
10 10
ahahahah is fun
6
12 10!
xd xd xd
10/10
fun game :)
GG
10 10
i got molested
great game
Jeu d'horreur horiblement drole
Very Fun
Very Chaotic
Good shit. Lots of fun specially with the More Players mod
BEST CO OP HORROR GAME ON THE MARKET PROMISE,
play with friends, friend breaks vase, sacrafice friend to floating head man or duck. Love this game XD
10/10
So Fun, would recommend, watching your friends die hasn't been funnier
10 10
-
-
witzig mit Freunden
12,
it was really fun with Friends
its like if lethal company was fun for more than 5 minutes
It is fun with friends. It is similar to Lethal Company, but a bit more survivable.
I wouldn't buy it right now unless you have a group. I bought 4 copies to have a group.
I don't see a way to host/join public matches. If it had some sort of match making, it would be much more worthwhile for solo players. Even with a group, you might want more people.
It can get pretty boring if you die early in a round, you'll have to wait until your team is able to revive you. This can take a while in later rounds. I think spectate mode should be free roam or you are able to look at the map while spectating. With the long wait, there needs to be something active for the spectator to do. I just ended up playing my Switch for up to 20min a couple of times.
Maravilloso Juego divertido me encanta para pasar el rato con los brothers 10/10
One of the most entertaining games I've played in a while.
yes
Este Juego es mejor que el content warning, recomiendo 100/100
ts so fun with gang
fun game
big stinky fun
SUPER FUN
Buen juego, espero que pronto agreguen el idioma a debido a que se me dificulta un poco el ingles y entender los ajustes con respecto a los graficos, Tambien deberian alguna funcion para buscar alguna "party" para no unicamente jugar con amigos agregados de steam
funny and terrifying. As much potential as lethal company
oyun
so let me start by saying this is an amazingly great and fun game to play it really is but there is no match making at all so unless you already have steam friends and i mean alot your going to be playing alone, even if you do have friends to play with the hoops you have to go through on steam to get everyone into the same game takes like 15 minutes to set up. dont waste your money if you think this is like lethal company cause you will be playing alone and when you die its game over and have to start all the way over from the begining
Very fun with friends. 10/10
on peut dire le nword c'est bien
"oh its Helen Keller she cant do shit" *proceeds to get shot in the head* 10/10
the best early access I've played
eye of rah is funny and so is time machine thing
putting your friends in a toilet and closing the lid on them is hilarious 10/10
For you cant go wrong One of the best games in a while to play with your mates and have a laugh!
My coworkers give me weird looks
This game is SO FUN! Similar to lethal company, but better game play. Me and my family will play for hours laughing about the ways we die and the monsters we encounter. Don't let the awful laughing emoji steer you away from the game lol
i give this game a 10 out of 10 so good and i love how we can kill small babies that throw things at you
lethal company but 2x more fun
Le jeu est extrement drole a jouer a plusieur
G.O.A.T
48
Very Very fun game
Sehr mit Freunden. Kann ich nur weiterempfehlen.
yes, this game gets a 5/5 stars on my letterboxd with a positive rating and no spoilers. I would never play this alone though, it freaks me out
this game is fun with friends highly recommended to play with friends its very funny and it will make you laugh like crazy at least thats what i experienced with my friends
vale cada centavo de dolar este juego
very good very good
Arschgeile Nummer <3
ok
reasonable crash out
-
-
-
10 +REPo 10
I bought it but to my disappointment there were no online servers so I refunded it but will definitely buy again once online servers are a thing.
Mein Freund gifted me this, and later in the game, I shot him with a shotgun and became the king of the losers
11/10
The hardest I've laughed in a hard time and easily the most fun I've had in a long time. 10/10 would drop a $14,000 fragile box again.
1000% fun with the right friends.
good
Great game, I would say better than even lethal company! But one thing I would like for the devs to know is that PLEASE ADD A GHOST MODE WHEN YOU DIE! It's really annoying when you have to wait for 30 minutes for your friends to finish an extraction while spectating. Maybe the ghost mode can allow you to be visible to players but not monsters and you can distract monsters by making loud noises, or by opening and closing doors are something. Maybe even have them be able to directly communicate to other players for better cooperation! That's all I want for this game. 9/10 would recommend to my oddly pill-shaped extraction robot.
zajebiste jak masz znajomych 40 na pogranie z (polecam serdecznie z
oh my gosh is is so fun and funny please try it
lo recomiendo
Muito bom. 8/10
-
lethal company
fun if fren
One of the most carefully crafted, hilarious multiplayer games I've ever played. Goofball antics ARE the emergent gameplay. R.E.P.O. ditches common horror/collection tropes which fall flat while giving players a challenge. It also doesn't simply stop with, "You lose! Start over!" but instead maintains the fun with a twist that allows players to vent their team's failure on each other! "Just one more run" is an easy sell.
-
w game the physics, player controls and monsters + levels are so good, would've liked more areas to be able to play at but the existing ones are really well designed
With enough content updates and continued support, this could be the best game in the horror/extraction genre. When the scare factor runs out - it becomes about getting as far as you can in the game. The randomly generated maps and randomised arena order keep the game from being predictable. No two runs are the same. The physics allow you to use creativity and teamwork that is simple, yet not found in other games. Having to venture deeper into the maps to find extraction points that also spawn more monsters keeps the level of danger increasing.
Not the same as Lethal - highly recommend.
this is like if lethal company fully leaned into comedy
4
el chencho
Genuinely a good game. Pretty much another lethal company clone but great to play with friends. Like its predecessors before it has the same machanics but very different. You grab items, get quota and go. Simple but yet very effective.
Honestly would play it again in the future
8/10
Letal Company,
mi
:)
Fun to watch your friends get obliterated by a tiny duck
If you like [u] Lethal Company[/u] but want more chaos. then [u] R.E.P.O.[/u] is the game for you. From the [b] monsters[/b] you deal with to [b] playing with friends[/b] your bound to have a fun time.
IF HAVE FRIENDS:
-Very fun
-Great funny times
-Good character design
-Fun game mechanics
-Non-stop funny laugh times
IF HAVE NO FRIENDS:
-Sad times
fun with friends
very fun and funny with friends
The Goofiest Physics Based Horror Game I've Ever Played!
really nice xD
-
-
-
-
-
3
ficar calado quando o velho da espingarda aparece, logo, morri.
180+ 60-90
very gud game
-2900$
leuk spel
Ich hasse meinen Nachbarn
Is fun you sold me on it you all should buy it too if you have people
A fun game that'll scratch the lethal company itch. Unique playstlye and creatures. I would love to see a more maps and more upgrades become available in the future. Looking to play with Randoms? You can join their discord and post your game code and have the lobby filled no problem, be warned 90% of the players that'll join your game with destroy your items and use all your money inside the shop zone, better to play with friends. You can also play this solo but after day 4 it becomes really hard to play on. Would recommend for something different!
i had to goon multiple times playin this game! DAMN that character model is just too much for me. one complaint i had is that my teammates were always arguing while i was jorking it, but its whatever. i cant say its the first game ive gooned while playing. and it def wont be the last but i would appreciate some gooning company if anyone wants to play public lobbies with me (: UWU
pretty cool
Saw this game in my recommend on steam and originally dismissed it because I saw the emoji cover and through it was low effort shovelware. But a friend said we should play it so I decided to give it a go, I now play this game almost every day. Only downside is there aren't public lobbies so you have to invite people from your steam friends list atm to play multiplayer. It has a single-player mode but the game is designed to be played with friends in a way similar to Lethal Company and Phasmophobia you can play it by yourself but its far more entertaining with friends. The Devs seem very genuine and have good communication with the playerbase having posted a youtube video asking us our opinions and recommendations for the future of the game.
By hour count it's oddly early for me to write a review - but they're mutable, no big deal.
I'm mildly ashamed that I bought this game more or less on impulse - a Lethal Company style game with overwhelmingly positive reviews? Gotta be fun, don't want to spoil the gameplay for myself, why not just get it.
well, I'm kind of disappointed. It's okay. but I do not think it deserves this rating. Compared to, for example, lethal company, it just seems. bad.
The visual style is uninteresting - quite basic and flat, the only thing making it look passable is the camera effects. Audio is similarly uninteresting, both in atmospheric audio distortions and the raw sounds and music. There isn't any real theme for the maps, framing of the gameplay loop or the enemies. You're just weird blocky coloured robot things looting an assortment of what appear to be recently-lived-in buildings with various separate themes (high tech lab, wizarding school, house etc), and you lose if you all die. There's something called The Taxman that appears to be some kind of authority you work for, but it's not very interesting because you lose not so much by disappointing the taxman, but by dying to the enemies.
I initially thought that the player characters were active ragdolls like the ones in Content Warning, but was quickly disappointed to find out that they're not, at least in most interactions, it's kind of just camera bobbing and something to the end of input delay that gives that impression.
None of the gameplay mechanics I have looked at and thought, "that's clever" - it just doesn't seem very well thought out. One major flaw is the lack of a time limit on cashouts - most threats can be beat just by waiting them out, and that's not interesting. And there's no guarantee that a dead player will be revived within any period of time really.
If enough loot on the map breaks, it is over - but the game doesn't tell you this, you just have to spend ages looking in the hope that it isn't until you finally just find a way to kill yourself to get it over with.
The enemies are largely uninteresting. Most of them just roam around, attack you on sight, and cannot see you when you crouch under a table. One of them's just there to annoy you. One of them's just there to catch you off guard the first time you encounter it - maybe that's good for streamers playing the game for the first time, but it works as little more than bloat after your first half hour of gameplay. There's no real theme to the enemies, it's an assortment of random looking monster things, which really subtracts from the experience in my opinion.
On the note about that last enemy, we can compare it to a parallel in Lethal Company, the Maneater. That enemy is similar from a high-level standpoint. It tries to be cute and draw in player engagement, but it has the potential to turn into something nasty and kill you. The difference is, in this game that enemy is just something you have to not click on once you know what it does. In LC, that enemy is something you have to continuously pacify and take care around, and constantly weigh up the risk vs reward of staying around it and all sorts of other things. Much better.
So, what does this game bring to the table, now that I've ranted about how uninteresting much of it is? Well, the whole carefully manoeuvring loot items about the buildings is cool. Little bit jank but at least it's unique. Is it fun? Maybe, a bit. But that's genuinely all I can think about that this game does well compared to its competitors. This is prone to change in the future, as the game is brand new - but my hopes are not that high, just because of how far behind this seems to be. We will see.
Heall yeah
15
no fanservice & anime waifus (Hope they add a walrus into the game)
Si o si jugar con amigos, full diversion y risas
It's a fun game but all these reviews are glazing too hard it's nowhere near as fun as lethal company
TEACH ME TEACH ME
10 10
fun
eld bror
Ignore the silly emoji picture on the store page. This game is fantastic - it's so much fun working. The enemies are interesting and so is the concept. I really hope the developers continue adding onto this game, as it's great.
10 10
Muy buen juego si tienes amigos, te mucho y te lo pasas en grande.
Si eres un autista y no tienes amigos la verdad busca trabajo, pero por lo buen juego.
100 10,
(;
Si juegas con amigos, las risas garantizadas
ITs a very funny game to play with friends
Too much fun with friends
this game is heat
the thumbnail and emoji iconography is so bad -
but physics based item retrieval is fun with monsters who grape you
I have never laughed so hard
Invisible pdf kidnapped me four times in a row
Great game with friends. Not very fun solo (there is a solo mode though)
The only lethal company clone worthy of being compared to it imo.
a black dude fucked me in the asshole
20 10 10
Extremely fun game. With the next update this can be better than lethal company.
10/10
( )
2000) Clienttimeout. :c
10 10
blind man
blind man shoots
blind man misses
laugh
blind man sees me
blind man doesnt miss
scream as loud as i can
my friend falls in a hole
both of us scream
10/10
geiles spiel
I have friends!
totalmente
I laughed harder playing this game than I've laughed for a long time.
Very amusing time.
Enjoyable playing with friends, hopefully they'll add something where we can join randoms in case our friends are not available, and don't want to play solo.
es to divertido jugarlo con amigos es una risa
yes
I RECOMMEND FOR IT TO BE RELEASED TO CONSOL
10/10
hihi, funny funny
es una garcha por favor no lo compren
W game
360
Lethal Company but Hilarious is how I would describe this game.
You go into a mission, find stuff (which is relatively easy) and bring it to an extraction point. Sometimes you have multiple extractions in a mission. You can either avoid monsters simply by knowing how they work, or kill them for extra cash.
The best part of the game is the built-in TTS which is both hilarious and amusing, and the proximity chat works extremely well. Actually, no, I lied. the best part of the game is that you can INTENTIONALLY Ragdoll yourself which the game calls "LAnding with style" which basically allows you to turn your body into a bullet to shoot into something else!
I love using this to dropkick enemies and knock them around. You can also use this to send your teammates flying! Nothing says "Team Dynamic" like launching your buddy into a pit.
The store is about on par with what you'd find in a store-upgrades, weapons, utilities. as well as secrets! You can also grab your friends and use them as weapons.
Not a single problem that I'd consider against this game.
As it stands? BETTER than Lethal Company by a massive LONGSHOT. GET IT. IT'S ONLY TEN DOLLARS.
Cool
better than legal fonkany shimi boo boo
10/10
good gmae
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
5
Meine Synapsen frohlocken und die an Dopamine ist unvergleichbar <3
fun
Pro gamer game
good fix for boredom also you can play with 6 of your friends at once. unless you don't got even one
This is probably the best take on the formula established by Lethal Company. The expressive character models that move their mouths like puppets when you talk add a lot to the experience.
The physical experience of moving and loading valuables without breaking them makes that part of the game more interactive.
My only criticism is that the demented cry laugh emoji is a terrible representation of the game. Artwork of the player characters would be far better for first impressions.
This game is something else, its like lethal company and physics had fun time and this game is their baby.
2600 8000
cool game
^_^
T_T
10 :3
12* 10*
troppo divertente.
nice
GOTY
The game is fun, but the map pool is pretty small, and maps tend to repeat a lot. Hopefully, new ones get added soon. Still, a great game with friends
P.s
Depois de Lethal Company, tentamos migrar pra jogos coop desse estilo e nenhum clicou. R.E.P.O conseguiu o que os outros conseguiram. Lethal like e inovador ao mesmo tempo. Traz com que deixam o jogo extremamente divertido, e as dos personagens colabora pra risadaria sincera. Recomendo
100% got my money's worth out of this game in the first couple hours of playing this with friends. Pure chaos, joy, and the game just draws out the funniest reactions.
Very Fun
game slays
SoundPad 100
its just an awsome game overall to play with your friends
11 10
Selten so Lachkicks bei einem eigentlichen Horrorspiel gehabt XD
Holt es euch und zockt mit euren Freunden solange es noch unter 10 euro kostet
Auf jedenfall richtig witzig
got violated by white smoke 10/10
30
si
3/5
very funny game honestly would recommend its funny simple and scary as hell
VERY FUN AND LOTS OF FUNNY MOMENTS NOT TOO MANY BUGS BUT HONESTLY THEY MAKE THE GAME EVEN MORE FUN
fajna gra na wyzywanie polecam
bardzo fajna gra zeby znajomi zamkneli morde :> polecam
Muito bom e recomendo so que pelo meu ping laga um pouco
I love gettin backshotted
ich liebe es
Never laughed so much in such little time.
This game lets you seize unpaid property, which is ironic because the thumbnail looks like it was borrowed from a 2002 Flash game and never returned.
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
10/10
cool
Better than Lethal Company by miles, even modded lethal isnt as good as this
good
10 10
100 10
300
Richtig starkes Game. Unglaublicher garantiert
ss
GOOD
Simplesmente o jogo que mais me diverti jogando EM ANOS!
Although its very similar to Lethal Company, there's many factors that differentiate the two. Yes the concept is the same, however the process for each is different, Lethal Company also strikes me more of a horror game, while this is both horror and comedic. Overall fun game, and still a lot of stuff to discover, but would definitely recommend!
funny TTS chat, also who took grandpa's pills
yep
really fun to play with friends
GOTY
one of the funniest games i've played in a long time, amazing with friends (please add a lobby search feature so we can play with randoms, or possibly make a discord)
ruined my already broken sleep schedule 100/10 would die again
10 10
Lethal Company?
vs
$90? Welcome.
10/10
el juego en si esta bueno para jugar con amigos, recomendado, le aria falta un servidor para jugar con mas gente
+
10/10
blaszakiem chodzisz po domach i kradniesz wazony
Its really really fun to play for sure! even tho i usally dont enjoy horror that much, i enjoy that one a lot, specially with some friends and all the chaos going on then.
I would love to see something to make it less frustrating to be dead a long time. even if you just allow people to still look at the map while it xD
maybe also some adjustments depending on how manny players are in the lobby?
funny
very fun 100/10
R.E.P.O.
15?
this game is a great bonding experience, the reaper made my robot parts go from white to brown
Pretty funny and chill game. Perfect for friday-evening gaming :3
It's like Lethal Company, but funnier.
xD
Absolute Cinema.
10/10,
r
prawie jak na polskiej budowlance
jeden robi reszta patrzy
this game is peak comedy so much fun to play just wish we could share the upgrades or they could be cheaper
funny
100
Better than lethal company already. 10/10 with friends
R.E.P. that shii with somn friends, but be aware of Hitler with that shotototogun
dadada
<3
x3
I went into this game expecting. not much.
Had seen a few clips of the game, that gave me a slight chuckle, but nothing too much.
Then I decided to play with 5 friends.
This was a terrible idea, because not one of us has a functioning braincell.
Don't get me wrong, it was absolutely hilarious (and at least slightly terrifying), but if you're going to play with friends.
Please make sure that at least ONE of you has some form of intelligence. You will need someone to carry you when shit hits the fan.
1
I thoroughly enjoyed this game, a lot of it is because of how smooth it is. I *PERSONALLY* prefer it over Lethal Company, as lethal company has a more repetitive way of moving around and is nearly unplayable when you're alone (In my experience).
This game is more randomized, so the baby that was throwing stuff at you could mess up, and drop the object on itself, killing it, and giving you more loot. I do believe the monsters need some modifications as it can be really difficult to avoid them without dying instantly, or having so many on the map.
I've only had problems with the hunter, the robe, and the head as far as I remember. The hunter instantly kills you if you get shot with 100 health, but has seemingly no audio cue that could let you know he's there, and he shoots way too fast to really dodge effectively unless you have a very good reaction time.
The robe also has no cues, but it is supposed to be like that. I just think the robe needs a debuff to their damage, with multiple players it's manageable, but singleplayer is much more difficult with enemies that do 100 damage each hit. I believe they all need something as a counter, if there isn't one already, especially for something like the headman.
All in all though, I really enjoy this game, and I believe it to be one of the better "lethal likes" that exist.
oui.
game is really fan to play if you have friend i think because i don't have one
even better than lethal company
Physics.
very fun similar to lethal company but better.
ASDF
Great fun, not super scary after the first few rounds, could use a bit more jump scares and louder audio for the monsters.
The "emoji" thing is a super weird design choice that does not really sell the game well, I would do a redesign of that since its early access.
very fun. friends needed
Detroit simulator
real goofy game yall should try it's out
Top Spiel, macht unfassbar
So ein geiles GAME!
Lange schon nicht mehr in einem Spiel so gelacht.
10/10!
tts
10\10, R.E.P.O
Press T and type YEYEYEYEYEYE
I LOVE this game. so funny and I love playing with my boyfriend. IMO, it adds the perfect mix of horror and humor. So much fun!
All fun and games until you push the fent cart into a pit
Schon lange nicht mehr so krass gelacht
Physics Go BOING
I never liked lethal company, even tho this is similar this is so hillarious. so amazing. 10/10. buy it if you enjoy goofy games(,but it's also kinda scary).
Trash
Foda.
A very well made and polished game made by a very wholesome dev team that cares about their community.
20 3
Blind man doesn't like it when you swear at him.
great game.
10/10
das spiel ist sehr lustig und macht mit freunden
peak
Lo mejor de League of Legends es cuando lo borras y compraste este game
BIG BOMBO KLATS
the game isn't balanced at all i don't know what the developers were thinking while making this game
I love this game so much, the comedic moments and the moments where you shit yourself go hand in hand perfectly. This game is fun with a good group of friends, and I'm excited to see what the future brings for this game.
Peak i tell you Peak!
1 4 000000000.1 10
10/10
Way more fun than Lethal Company
o jogo e mt bom vale apena vcs comprarem so q eu n sei como q faz pra jogar com pessoas e amigo alguem me explica como q faz
gokill
funny af lol
10 10
very nice basically story bot lethal company funny
Reminds me of lethal company i love the art and style of gameplay
Really fun game!
Great game, very good voice comms and text comms, funny designs and no bugs, w game
imma write this as review.
so, the few hours played alone and with a friend together was really nice.
it repeated itself relatively quickly but when you play with friends causes it still really funny moments.
anyways, the AI in this game is really fair.
there are most of the time 1~2 non-lethal monsters hopping around which may bother or not bother the player/s depending on their behavior and then is there always a lethal monster which everynowandthen spawns to hunt the player/s between 1~5 hunt time. after that gets the player/s again breathing time until it spawns again. when all checkpoints are done are all monsters active and trying to stop the player/s from leaving.
this is a really fair mechanic. the AI acts aswell in a way that it is never really unfair and gives the player a chance to escape or often just dies because of their own mistakes (example; for being obnixiously loud).
the devs pulished the AI in this game really good. its aswell easily playable alone, tho sadly not as funny. but, the AI is fair enough to a solo player that he/she can reach lv 5+. i personally reached level 8 solo ^,^.
just gotta be quiet and have enough patience.
Super fun, focuses on team work alot and filled with a ton of funny moments
One of the better Lethal-likes
fuck this game its a shitty lethal company clone and you literally cant fight the monsters unless you scream and fight your heart out and use a million grenades i swear if this game doesnt get refunded i might just lose it
Je to mega hra, partu se hrajete, jinak si to asi tolik ale se u toho atd.
Ive had so much fun playing this with friends, 10/10
jogo bom pelo visto baixei porem n tenho amigos pra jogar
se quiserem jogar chama no insta @cout_44
shit fucking gane
10 10
11/10
En definitiva; Un buen juego para pasar muchas risas con AMIGOS
Es un Lethal Company bien hecho hay puntos en la partida que si llegan a asustar, de que el chat de proximidad esta muy bien pulido, junto con las
Uno de los puntos malos a destacar es el sistema de rotar; por lo menos en mi experiencia ha sido algo tedioso, pero entiendo que el juego en acceso anticipado, imagino que en cuanto salga al 100 va a estar mas pulido
Otro punto malo el FOV que no se puede ajustar, en lo personal no me llega a molestar, pero un par de los amigos con los que he jugado si se han llegado a molestar, y tienen la si muy limitado tu campo de aunque reitero, eso llega a ser algo de personal.
Y el punto malo, es que si eres una persona que no tiene muchos amigos que jueguen en PC, se pierde mucho la experiencia, claro que hay servers de discord para llegar a conocer gente pero en realidad es un juego que se disfruta mucho con amigos.
Puntos buenos sobran la verdad, el juego excelente he imagino que en futuras actualizaciones el juego mejor de lo que esta ahora.
I got flushed down the toilet
10/10
20 19.900, 200 / 10
+ lethal
still cant sex the emoji
Then I played a game for a long time that was really fun
Extremely creatively designed jump scares that will scare you and make you laugh at the same time
It will definitely be the best game you can play with your friends and have a good time together
mim caguei
15 10
da
:)
Fun Game. Great to play with friends.
Such a Timesink
funny game I playe dwith my firends saw it on yourube
1000 10
Casi me da un paro cardiaco, pero las risas no faltaron
385
malcriada no para de gritar!
CALLATE DE UNA VEZ.
este juego es
20
i go in with a cart full of items and 15 GNOMES start chasing me
i hide wait a bit go back to cart and the value of my items went from 20k to 5k
10/10 will play again
10/10 ara oyun
11 10
Fun, Enjoable, 3 AM Long runs is a nightmare
baixa, faz o tutorial e quando menos espera se assutando com uma criatura fortona que te puxa e te explode. 10/10
im about to die
this game good tho
I Loved it, it was chaotic as fuck to play, i am glad my bestie told me about this game on its release its actual peak.
the best game ever made
may mata may mata
huyou 360
Absolute cinema
"TSERKOWNA SZYNKA! MONASHKAA!"
This is just lethal company but better in every way ngl
never hated babies more in my entire life
10/10
1
Honestly, I love this game. Already had so many funny moments and I want more.
succulent
Great game, loads of fun.
Definitely needs more work in some aspects, particularly the peer-to-peer connection. I'm in America and all the people I play with are either in Europe or Australia, and for those of us who aren't hosting the match, trying to maneuver physics objects in the game feels really janky and unresponsive, and using the melee weapons this way is outright impossible.
And for the love of god, drop the emoji crap. It was the first thing I saw about this game and all I could think was "god, not another one of these cringey kiddy-horror games." I only ended up buying it after watching my friends actually play the game. The whole emoji thing does not make the game relevant or appealing to younger audiences. It just makes everyone, young or old, whince at the game.
got revived, and a swarm of gnomes killed us. 1000/10 gameplay
this game is class the amount of f*king around you can do is unreal be sure to have 3 or 4 of dumb mates with you it will make the game 100x better its so enjoyable with a few jump scares in there as well would recommend to anyone with a sense of humour
i've been gnomed
This game is overall really fun when played in a group (2+). I have not tried the game solo but assume its also decent but feels as if it is very much designed or multiplayer. The monsters are fun and interesting in there mechanics but some can be slightly frustrating. Monster spoiler [spoiler] The Snatcher ghost can be quite frustrating if it keeps pathing between you and the area it runs you too, however this is likely just the fact that CC can feel un-fun and I may have missed some mechanic with the ghost. You can outrun it if it starts chasing you though [/spoiler].
[b]GAME PLAY LOOP[/b]: The aspect of finding and trying to collect loot in increasingly difficult scenarios is certainly engaging but can have its own issues. E.g if you get unlucky on an early level and a VERY expensive but VERY large object spawns it can be nearly impossible to effectively carry the item out. [spoiler] e.g getting the giant painting in certain rooms on early levels can be next to impossible to get to the extract [/spoiler].
The rogue like aspect of upgrading your little robot is also very fun as each player can essentially choose a route to spec in to. I personally enjoy silly jumps and high sprinting.
[b]RE-PLAYABILITY[/b]: Even at the short game play time of writing the game seems massively re-playable with the randomly generated maps and monsters.
[b]POSSIBLE IMPROVEMENTS[/b]: One part of the game that feels slightly unfun is the idea that you can get very unlucky and have zero items left to recover, The main issue here at time of writing is you essentially have no recourse. You essentially have to just find a way to off yourself or self destruct. This could be improved by a combination or one of these things. First, the map or the TRUCK could have a counter telling you how much value is left in the map outside of an extraction zone (To prevent things in the zone being counted).
Creatures do re-spawn but this very slowly if you haven't finished all extracts yet. Permanently spawning creatures at a quicker rate after all valuables are exhausted could provide a difficult but possible way of completing the missions in which you may have messed up.
Even at this point in early access though Id easily give a 7/8 out of 10.
yep
supaniga
This game is super fun and challenging! Coming from a little over 80 hours on Lethal Company, I can wholeheartedly say I prefer R.E.P.O. way more. The robot characters are cute, the loot matches the theme of the world, the weight physics feel fair, and the upgrades available are all helpful, as it caters to different play-styles.
I mainly run duo playthroughs with a friend, and it can get stressful if one of us dies early into the match. This pushes us to be better and more cautious for the next round, but sometimes the monster spawns can be a bit oppressive. That being said, I don't think the difficulty changes in a single-player file, as I had a hard time doing a solo run and can understand why people wouldn't want to keep a game that isn't solo friendly. I also wish there was a better audio cue that the Huntsman is nearby (other than him taking a shot at an unsuspecting player) similar to how players can hear the Trudge dragging a weapon in a different room.
Side note: I'm not sure if this is considered a bug, mostly just unlucky, but I had a run where a Clown damaged a door in the manor, but not enough to knock it off the hinge, so the busted door was blocking access into the next room while the Clown stood there for several minutes trying to make it past the door frame. Maybe the devs can address the door physics, or slightly alter the map so players won't be trapped in a beginning area in situations like that.
I'm looking forward to see how this game progresses! It already has a strong start in its Early Access stage!
Eu acho que nunca senti tanto medo com um jogo.
O medo grande, que sempre que quando escuto que algum amigo meu vai me ajudar, eu entro em fetal e a chorar.
:)
Nice
El juego es genial y es muy recomendado para jugarlo con amigos, lo que si estaria bien es un buscador lobbys, mejor dicho, la capacidad de unirte a servidores publicos, de otro modo estas forzado o a esperar a que tus amigos esten disponibles para jugar, o buscar en el forum de Steam u otros lugares. Del resto. compralo. esta chido
Very funny game to play with friends!
tak je to :D
No i je hra je Top strop
ssssss
10 10
Don't trust anyone
Can't remember the last time I laughed this hard at a game. Ignore the kinda dumb icon / banner, its really well polished and SO much fun!
The amount of content and the price would justify this being a full release, it being in ea with more stuff coming makes it a no brainer to buy :)
good soup
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll(good game)
Muy divertido con amigos, espero que no lo dejen morir.
1247812
10/10
it's been a long time since i laught highly recommend to play with friends and lose some in the mean time (=
fun & funny
Lethal, Lethal Company.
SoundPad)
Honest review!
Positive:
i like that you can play the game with friends and theres a lot of features and alot of monsters, its fun to run around and collect items, its good because it not that easy because items actually do break, but overall its really fun with friends!
Bad:
i dont really like that sometimes even if u set down the item carefully it can still break, for example a diamond. and i also dont really like that u cant find random lobbies and it is a problem. if u dont have any friends it will be a really big problem. there are also glitches but since the game is new its expected.
Overall its REALLY fun to play!
i would fuck the obesity gene out of isabel chester-
Avec des potes, on a pris un item qui nous a ralentis et notre voix. Je pense que c'est l'un des moments j'ai le plus cette
Ce jeu est une de rigolade entre amis, je le recommande sans
i feel like this game is missing one thing, talking to the living post-death.
Would it not make sense? We are robots, why do we need a body to chat?
It could be implemented as a default mechanic or even a global upgrade in the shop,
i feel like it would make for a lot of funny moments and an overall hilarious feature.
Like this review if you agree
better than lethal company
WWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
fette bra
10/10
Played single player for the first time. i meet the gnomes. died immediately. 10/10 game
A really enjoyable team cooperative game. Lethal Company but you have the ability to eliminate all the monsters and there are a variety of upgrades, weapons, and gadgets you an use to get pretty far into the game. Replaying almost never feels the same and everyone has a chance to show off.
Excited to see where the developers decide to take R.E.P.O.
Super fun. I'd love to have the option to filter out monsters in the lobbies we make.
My only negative thought is the icon. I ignored the game when I first saw it because of it, but when I heard about the name itself and how fun it was, I came back to steam and saw it was the same game.
I understand why it is as it is now after a few days of playing. But initially it's cringy and I know my other friends have said they're not playing it because of that lol
hahaha toilet
Hilarious game, charming and fun! tho I really think the logo should be the charming bois instead of the creepy emoji.
this game better than lethal company
10
dddddddddddd
Ta weno, comprenlo
A mourir de rire :D
a
zajebista gra
es muy divertido con amigos
6
TOP
all my friends died and i was left alone. once i finally got them back they all immediately died again. 10/10 would spend 20 minutes reviving my friends again
Really funny and with the Text to Speech feature is more funnier. Hope it get loads of updates!
the best thing since sliced bread (lethal company)
despite seeing all the video's where people laugh together
this game's still super fun in singleplayer
so ignoring that I have no real friends to play with and that this's addicting to play all day
I think R.E.P.O. gets 9 Hugs out of 10 ^w^
1111111111111
10/10
Trop marrant, surtout quand le chasseur ce casse la gueule dans les escaliers
I have been thrown into the abyss more by my teammates than the monsters. 10/10
10/10 game better than lethal company by a mile
10 10
for god's sake remove the damn emoji from the banner, it reminds me of my EX WIFE
ABSOLUTELY AMAZING! Like there is NO other words to describe just how much beauty this game has! SCARY AS HELL On ONE HAND and then suddenly you look behind you and there's your friend upside down for no apparent reason and both of you laugh uncontrollably! LIKE HOW DID YOU DO THAT?! COMEDY HORROR! I LOVE IT
10/10
game is excellent, really fills that void Lethal Company left after Zeekers refused to finish it. only complaint so far is proximity chat tends to cut out frequently, regardless of who is hosting and connection quality. hopefully this can get fixed soon, otherwise its an incredible multiplayer experience
fun
Amazing
)
This is a fun game to play with friends if you wanna laugh about it the game has fun mechanics that make the game funny like how you can pick up ur friends
fun, quand vous 6 (le maximum de joueurs possible dans un seul lobby) C'est un super de trucs chelou, achat intelligent et parfois peu ainsi que et Rien de mieu qu'insulter un pote qui un objet ou mener ceux-ci vers le mort pendant que vous ainsi que vos regardez ca arriver, impuissant.
Je recommande vachement!
Funny
Fun lil game to play with friends, lethal company adjacent in terms of gameplay with player upgrades to increase the chance of a successful run. overall, a solid experience. Considering it's in early access I hope they add more maps, utility, and monsters to help increase replayability.
PS update the banner so its the goofy lil player characters instead. i thought this game was something else initially lol.
This is a game made for fun, just forget about the horror element.
360 10 10
fun with friends
muy divertido para jugar con amigos, preferentemente mas de 3, se vuelve mas complicado mientras mas avanzas pero vale totalmente la pena 9/10 (mejor que lethal company)
11 10
chat remember how fun lethal company was when it first came out? this is kinda the same energy! :D
fun as hell
Banger with friends
Super fun game, I don't even mind the laughing emoji as the banner, it fits the theme pretty well!
from watching it in intagram to actually playing it, no joke, it's fun
2025
YES
supa good
Quite possibly the best 10$ game in my library, it's a goofy while also taking skill. The game is original is it's art style and mechanics while using the genre of lethal company's loot and leave. Interestingly this game manages to continue to be fun even after hours upon hours of game play because the in game upgrade. Which means it stays fun even if you're playing alone or with friends.
fuf
Good game in general but need the possibility to join random lobby and host public ones too. For now its friendlist only. kinda boring because of that. I hope its in the plan to add this.
10/10
arkadas olarak girince fena online hali olup oynayabilsek daha olabilcek gibi oynamak isteyen olursa eklesin dc ouzchi
A definite successor to Lethal Company.
Really enjoyable game and best played with friends.
VOIP moving the character mouth is a really cool touch.
Gameplay and mechanics are fun but can be a little janky at times but it still works.
Physics based gameplay is always super funny and enjoyable.
Enemy types are interesting so far and quite unique.
Really looking forward to reaching the further levels and seeing future contents.
You play as little canadians
Surprisingly polished for what it is. An easy recommend for your friend group, but always be cautious with trend-chasing early access games.
Fun af
my friend got me this game to show regret for ignoring me for a year cos i unfriended him on val cos he said i was bronze
game is really good. i like it. very fun to play with friends. get it.
2 1 hp
Good content
If you like lethal or content warning type games. well this is the perfect example for you. You are literally robbing a place while you are trying to survive and collect the money. It has different levels which get harder and harder and you progress further and your team doesn't die. There are multiple very cool things in the shop after you beat a level by extracting the items you have taken. The game is cool and funny (if you have any friends to play with) and the horror in it is very hilarious that can sometimes hurt your stomach from laughing. The developers made a huge mistake of making the thumbnail of the game because it seems like a troll game. Overall the game is great and it has so much potential for its genre. I would recommend getting this with your friend because the singleplayer is kinda creepy although they should add an option for you to find random lobbies with random people so you won't be lonely. 10/10
I killed all my friends to become the best of all of us and was proceededly reincarnated as myself but with a crown
I like how everyone's complaining about the game banner image. I mean I guess it ages everyone as zoomers and tiktok generation with absolutely no attention span and an immense inability to read.
Un bon jeu dans un style similaire Lethal Company.
Il est meilleur que selon moi pour plusieurs points :
- On peut pendant la partie
- Les items peuvent si on fait n'importe quoi
- Le jeu mets de l'aspect horreur pour mettre en avant l'aspect fun
- On peut se cacher des mobs (et les tuer mais c'est pas
Si vous avez des amis, foncez
Please release the soundtrack and my life will be yours!
LOVE THIS GAME TOP TIER GAME WITH FRIENDS!
amazing game, very replayable, the shop and and the extraction system is extremely well thought out. Sometimes there are too many monsters or, sometimes there is a single or even none especially on the first LVL. Overall amazing game and its still early access, i have rly high expectation for the updates. Only flaw is the emoji, dosn't rly fit the game and it makes it look like a fake game, and i don't see why they made single player its not rly playable, if the devs could make it better that would be great
My first game of this type. Very goofy and fun with friends. The voice chat in loading screens is nice since I've been told that that's rare
played with 3 friends, its some of the most stupid fun ive had in a minute. if you like lethal company you will love this game plus some silliness
Buen juego para jugar con amigos, siento y me da la que la jugabilidad de este juego en singleplayer/solitario es nula o casi inexistente de repetitiva. El juego en muy bien, tiene unos buenos objetivos y una dificultad que asciende gradualmente cuanto avances en el juego.
if you really think about it
Very very good game its like lethal company but funnier and better
Good
monety
heh see my pinky see my thumb see my fist you BETTER run
I was brutally harrassed by a flying tentacle monster that made me puke, and straight after a giant head got mad at me for stealing it's green platter. 10/10
This is the best
POV: your whole team dies. you manage to scrap together 23k and all of their heads. BAM all of them are revived, but guess what?!?! a duck, a big face, a reaper, and a butt chin alien comes and kills us all. Great game.
Que jogasso! Muito bom para se divertir com os amigos, supera as expectativas e ainda por cima garante pela noite inteira! Ansioso para novas do jogo.
10 10, 20 10 50 10
Very very fun game, love it
i love getting beamed by a overweight clown. 10/10!
A very funny game that, while being hilarious, still manages to give you chills thanks to its eerie ambiance. It also forces you to think and act quickly when a monster notices you. An absolute banger when played with friends!
10/10
Performed a late term abortion on that ugly ass baby. Choice girlies stay winning!
10 10
funny
good game wet penis
silly goofy game, cant wait for more maps :D
IT IS ALOT OF FUN SCARY BUT FUN
fun game makes us laugh so much a game that does not get old in my opinion
masterpiece
10 10!
Great game to play with friends.
omg this game is so funny! i enjoy playing with my friends
A fun game to play with friends and family! full of spontaneous and hilarious moments. Highly recommended.
It would be even better with more maps and unique the frog toy that jumps around when placed down. More unexpected and funny loot is always welcome!
i got tickled by grandpa 10/10
good funny
ist nice
The robots alone are just some of the funniest little dudes in gaming this year from the design to their mechanics. There's a vast variety of enemies and hilarious quirks to certain items that make the experience all that more hysterically unique. This game takes what made lethal company fun and amps it up to 100.
10/10 dope experience.
Ne faites pas confiances vos amis
So fun with friends
Shotgun got blatt blatt, in words of hunter dude "HUPPP"
W text to speech
I died to my own trap many times 10/10
Taxman gandon
Make sure to play this with friends because it's. it's just. absolute cinema.
I played with Dreamybull
This game has gotten overwhelmingly positive ratings for a reason its so much fun if you don't like lethal company i still recommend giving this game a try because this game is actually way more fun and hard to get bored of
please for any of you that hate the emoji just ignore it its not in the game much like at all the game is great and i strongly recommend this title there are still a lot of things i haven't seen yet and plenty of secrets this game was made with a lot of love and it shows incredibly well can't wait for more
yes
I love this game omg funny robot
very peak game but please nerf the blind guy with a gun
10/10
i grabbed his dind dong like no tommorow
Me vino un monstruo invisible se me llevo a la otra punta del mapa me dejo en una esquina y me violo, GOTY
Great game
Chinese plz
Funny
First things first, this game is amazing and is well worth the money (especially if you have friends you can play with). Even playing with just 1 other person most of the time, this game offers a lot for the price. Super fun game and pretty fleshed out with clear direction of where its going, but I think there are 2 issues with the game.
1) Enemies in this game need a bit more visual/audio queues to let you know what is around you or what is spawning in. A loud giggle or scream correlated to each enemy lets people know what they are dealing with. The first few times you open a door and get your head blown off is funny, but after that it starts to get repetitive and annoying.
2) I think the fighting/defense mechanics could use a bit of an upgrade. Just moving your mouse around to swing a hammer isn't as fun the 3rd or 4th time you have to do it. Would be nice if the melee was like Totally Accurate Battle Simulator, but that's my opinion
I really like this game and will definitely be playing more in the future, but there are a few balancing updates that need to come before any major additions. I think this game has big potential, and I would hate for people to stop playing it because they feel its unfair at times.
Un cague de risa constante.
fuck oopy goopy
I enjoy the game and the funny moments with friends. A really fun game to play and I highly recommend it to everyone.
I do however have some notes about some of the monsters being pretty buggy, (The No Face looking one in particular will spawn on top of you and there's just nothing to do except die, which feels really bad).
Love the game and i really look forward to seeing the growth of the game!
that big tall black slender enemy reminds me of that cheating stupid ex-wife i used to have
Super funny extraction horror game to play with your buddies for sure needs an online multiplayer tho
Tts is fun, hiding from monsters is fun, putting items in cart is fun. Having to look for the last item for the extraction for an hour is not fun. It's early access, which is experienced through some bugs, I had a game where all doors were closed for me but not my teammates, so I had no way of progressing. But all in all a fun game with huge potential
Sooo fun and sooo hilarious.
GOD
my friends are too broke
Very fun
10 10
Juegaso para tardear con los amigos
amazing funny moments game
i recommend playing it with close friends
<3
10/10
-> -
shut up duck im gonna kill you
My friend shot me in the head in an attempt to kill a giant wrinkly clown that shoots lasers out of its nose.
10 10
-
15 10
42 10
Lmao
my head is a tool of justice
not used in anger
not used in hate
but now, I'm not so sure
besides, this isn't my head
i farted too loud and died highly reccomended
fun assssf
p fun
Its really great game but the characters are really rigged and bad they sometimes glitch and camp infront of u but its a 10/10 game just if u want to get really angry keep progressing XD
Good game
gran juego, espero le metan contenido para tenerlo vivo.
One thing i would change the Emoji for the game it makes it look like a scam. Besides that the game is great If You have some friends to play it with
invisible man raped me
goofs, gaffs, and unknown laughs. This game is good!
funny robot lol
Funny robot :D
i bought a property in repo and what they do for you is they give you the property
This game has been an awesome experience - 100% game of the year for this! Here was my first experience playing if anyone is interested :3
i like the way it is
Not as scary as I'd like, but still Incredible fun with friends.
games effing hilarious to play with friends 10/10
tuff
lethal company,
One of the funniest games you will ever play based on a similar format to Lethal Company but this time you're robots who can hurl themselves at each other and the monsters are actually terrifying.
It is a steal at whatever price it may be, I can see myself and my friends enjoying this for hours on end
i pissed myself
yurr
murdered my friends on accident
muy weno
holy fire
footsket ball jersey
Juegazo, aun le falta mucho por mejorar pero muy entretenido y la variedad de enemigos con objetos puede ser tanto divertida como frustrante
Agradecimiento al ardillo Cheetos por el juego, te amo mi pana.
good
poggers
[h1][quote=]
[table]
[tr]
[th]
[/tr]
[tr]
[th] [/th]
[/tr]
[/table]
[/quote][/h1]
the game is really fun and this is the first time in a long time ive played a game for longer than a HOUR and enjoy it to where it felt like it was just a couple minutes spent on the game
This game is the definition of a silly, spooky, and challenging good time with you and your friends. The scares work but aren't so bad they leave you scarred, the character work is hilarious, and the overall gameplay is so clean and engaging. 10/10 recommend this.
This game goes for a more comical take on Lethal Company's gameplay loop, trading the atmosphere, interesting monster designs, and setting for something more arcade-like. I personally am not too fond of it but I think there's good room for improvement, especially with this game's absolutely horrid banner.
If your trying to laugh and see your friends die in amazingly funny ways buy this right now its the best 10$ I have ever spent.
muy divertido
not fun
I give this game a: 5 laughing/crying/sleep-deprived emojis out of 5.
Make sure to bring your friends!
stupid funny game, enjoyable with friends and single player; however if your friends are dumb enough it's incomparable
It's okay.
This game is amazing but bro please change your logo this emoji is incredibly terrible.
funny laughing emoji w teeth
FUN WITH 4-6 GROUPS
Hope achievements or permanent upgrades get added down the line.
more content than lethal company
Honestly this game wasn't even on my radar, even with just being introduced to and playing Lethal Company. I tend to be the type to look at a title and it's cover to really see if it's something I'd peek in and see if I'd be interested in it. I don't really understand the use of an emoji for the cover, but besides that, this game is genuinely worth getting and playing, especially if you have friends to play with. I've had huge bouts of laughter playing this game with my boyfriend and his brother. The characters you are playing are just hilarious and, oddly enough, are pretty super expressive with just their eyes alone. I also liked that you weren't timed at all to get as many items as possible to meet your quota. However, just because you can take your time doesn't really mean you can be haphazard about it, as like Lethal Company, you do have some serious baddies that are out to get you. I also like how certain enemies you can actually fend off and kill with your gravity hand thingy. Well worth the price and I've heard there's a DLC coming for this game, too. Get it and have fun with friends!
TISM MONSTER TBE,UMTNYRGBFVDSCA
so much fun
game fun
29 5 (10 20 10
Super fun <3
It's more than a "Lethal Company-like." This has quickly become my absolute favorite co-op horror experience. Hell, it's even great solo.
Muy bueno, pero me faltan los amigos para jugarlo :,c
very silly
I think this game is absolutely brilliant, don't let that big fat emoji scare you away, this game is worth every cent.
Divertido coop entre amigos, los re chistosos, ojala lo actualicen constantemente
witnessed my best friend get shot and killed twice
good game
i love this game
This duck petting sim always ends with me dying its hard. 9.6/10
-
I am having a blast!
Lethal Company and more, Love the derpyness of the game and the funny moments with friends
Game is a ton of fun with friends, i havent laughed this hard in such a long time! The overall game is rather simple but executed really well i think. 10/10 would Robot REPO again
I was repo'd
the text to speech and overall gameplay is great
Muita coisa boa
funny game, would recommend with friends. best group would be 4 people (to me). the game isnt THAT hard but still has some challenge. Its not too demanding for the pc. When playing the game, make sure to be submerge in the dark and to play with headset for full immersion.
truly a PHYSICS based horror game it so fun
fun and challenging. its always a good laugh when played with friends.
This game is genuinely so fun. Brings me back to when lethal company was popping off when it first released. Though just like lethal company, i feel like you need need at least 2 people total to have good goofy fun, 3 or more recommended. Plus with the damage item system it can be a little easy to soft lock yourself. But overall, its a really funny game to stream in the background as you play.
If you liked Lethal Company, GET THIS! The physics based antics are way too fun. Laughed until it hurt a few times
Literal Peak game
I have not laughed this hard in YEARS
very cool, exciting, and exelarating.
PLAY WITH FRIENDS MY FAV GAME SO FAR
I get why this game is positive. It's basically Lethal Company with silly physics and better progression. However, I have a few major gripes that made me wonder why I wasn't just playing Lethal instead.
I would say 80% of this game feels like "Moving Simulator" where you and 5 friends need to help a friend lift a grandfather clock down the stairs and through a tight doorway. Like, I get the challenge, but is that actually fun? I have helped friends move enough, I don't want to do it virtually. When the monsters show up it's very exciting, but that leads me to my next point.
Dying sucks. Monsters in this game seem to often have crazy AOE attacks. Once, 5 friends died from a single strike. Another time I died while I was hidden because my buddy got caught, and so I also got caught in the blast radius of the attack. But hey, dying is part of the fun, right? Sometimes. unless you die early and your friends do not. Unlike Lethal that has a very quick game length, this game can go for quite some time without respawn. There is something really not fun about watching your friends play a game while you watch, unable to even communicate with them while you're dead. Like 5 or 6 minutes, sure. But 15-20 minutes? Come on.
At one point another friend and I were dead waiting to get brought back and twice our friends brought a high-value item all the way to extraction only for the extraction to destroy the item. It was at this point I uninstalled. Watching my friends play moving simulator for 20 minutes in silence is not how I want to spend my time, maybe that's just me.
Lastly, the movement is SO wonky, it feels like you're drunk. There are also so many controls for moving, diving/falling, rotating, pulling, and none of it is really intuitive. I often felt helpless and useless at the same time. At least in Lethal you have some semblance of control.
It just was not for me.
:D
so much fun w friends and its a great way yo get to know people so its also so much fun with strangers
Best game over
good start to 2025
If you have a crew to play with, buy it! Especially if you like games like Lethal Company. Gameplay wise, REPO is arguably better. Hopefully it gets more support than other titles in this genre as those devs seem to disappear after a year.
One major caveat:
I wouldn't recommend for solo players. The game is really meant for 3-6 players. Matchmaking has not been introduced yet as the devs are figuring out the balance between anti-hack and modding, so that may be a deal breaker for a lot of folks.
One other thing I will mention. One of my friends got super sick playing this. So huge motion sickness warning. They had to turn off all character animation/sway settings to be able to play. Devs should think about putting a motion sickness warning / accessibility option before starting for those who get motion sickness.
ignore the banner this game is funny as hell
can't wait for public lobbies
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUNN
10 10
mejor que el gta 6
Sex with
mt bom chapar com a ampulheta
There is no public game joining or hosting, enemies kill you in one hit unless you have a shit load of health upgrades which you can only get from beating levels, there is no save and continue (check points) if you die you go back to 0, and items will be destroyed with little to no damage at all!. wanted to like this bad but just cant.
Unlike lethal company theres no time limit, so if you die in this game you just end up spectating your teammates for 30-45 minutes as they struggle to complete any tasks. Reviving is not easy either so if you screw up your punished by just being unable to play the game.
11 10
Funny/Scary
15 sosi
Lethal company si chambearan
My new obsession
mountain dew
I opened a door in darkness to a shotgun in my face
10/10 game
INCRIVEL
Lethal but with physics and character. I've never laughed so hard in a game before, and after 23 hours in I'm still seeing new things and the funny moments haven't ceased.
I love the depth of REPO, and isn't punishing like Lethal is. It's really tense at times as well, as the monsters span from a mild inconvenience to dead on sight if you don't run away or hide.
The one thing I wish they had was being able to move around non-valued items like a book or something to throw at enemies, but a $500 wad of cash works I guess.
Lastly, this game does require friends until matchmaking is available, but otherwise worth it 10/10
Wish the death punishment was less serious like giving you another try or two and putting you back to 100% hp but very fun cant wait for this game to have mods and such one day.
w game
One of my favorite games to play with my friends! Its so funny the things you may encounter and I cant wait for the more content they add to this masterpiece!
waaay too easy to run out of loot due to the destruction system tbh. its really funny and has a lot of potential but soft locking is way too easy. there needs some sort of loot refresh sytsem or at least something that tells you if ur out of loot and its impossible to win.
goty
i went kablooey
fun with a good group of friends
first word: wow
not to mind the emoji icon this game is REALLY fun. especially with friends.
this game is sooooooooo fun and it still has a bunch of opportunity to improve.
its so polish and is like leathle company (never played) and has so much mechanics like:
one second your caring this 10.000 (10k) item next second all your friends are screaming because one of them touched a duck. yes a duck. and died and. but the 10k value item went further then the great depression.
what i would want to see in its updates is: vr compatibility, online co op.
not to mention when you us text it says what you typed like: frick you stupid bitch, and it will say it out loud.
the prox is amazing
10/10 would recommend
11/10 - best loot extractor on Steam
playing bumper cars with the cart and my friends satisfies something inside me
Es muy buenoo
soooooo good!
yep
juego muy piola, solo le faltan logros
Super fun game with a good group of friends. More difficult singleplayer but still fun.
im repoing all over
recommend it enough
brehj
Fun game
Great and fun game, especially when you play with friends, but it would be better if you added Ukrainian language
capitalism
This game is so fun to play with friends, the more the better!
w game, this is why that one company game starts with an L
lethal company but x10000 times better, comical
good fun
Me and my friends love this game. Its a ton of fun to play, It provides more difficulty as you pass through each level and is so much fun to mess with your friends. It is NOT Lethal Company, It is BETTER and so much more fun.
Please just let me be able to pick up the baby and put a big dent in its head by slamming it into the ground please developers.
get the loot, have a good time with your bros and try not to get killed by the roaming entities running around, very effective, wish there was hats, but keeping in mind its still a very new game.
funny as hell
(its not as fun alone make sure to bring your friends)
10/10
bom dmais pqp!
fum
This game is so fun it will be game of the year 2025!
the game was a lot of fun
do not hire my friends for a moving company
Fun
BUEN JUEGO PARA JUGAR CON AMIGOS Y PASAR EL RATO
yerp
this game is worth it for just the tts
Great Fun
funny fun
oh man this game is sooo much fun to play with the mates.
exelenteeeeee
10 10
This game is nothing but fucking laughs and is amazing! I have not laughed this hard since trying lethal company for the first time. The developers, KUDO to you all!
Un juego recomendado. Tiene momentos de y miedo, como momentos divertidos, si no lo solo. simples para interactuar con un ambiente amplio y variado que te exige paciencia, y buena En fin, alto delirio el juego, dea
10/10 Game! .This is rare for me
Love my Ducky buddy called Beans.
Very fun. Like Lethal CO but a lot more fun. IMO. Feels more polished than Lethal Company. With some mod support this could really be great!
funny asf
Fun
Worth every cent for that hourglass. If you know, you know.
Fun
Excellent game, it provides hours of entertainment. Best enjoyed as a team, but has some real spooky feels running solo. I haven't had as many hearty belly laughs as I have playing this and once all of the silliness is out of the system it provides an engaging and enjoyable experience. Big props to the devs as this game has been out for so little time and yet the game is in such an exemplary state.
yer
Funny game i recommend if you play with friends mute everyone in discord and use the voice chat in game
to live a better Experience
so that whoever dies wont talk
el juego esta 10/10. lastima que si tenes un amigo que parece que se saco el carnet de manejo en la fabrica de yogurisimo te hace la vida imposible con el carrito pero el juego esta muy bueno. RECOMENDADO
needs some work, a few bugs, its worth it tho
Very solid, early access game. It's a lot of fun with friends. I recommend it if you have a group to play with, as it's both scary and pretty funny at times. I can't wait to see what the devs cook up next.
Great game for friends play. Crispy Nougat yum yums.
this game is so much fun to play with friends
GOOD
REPO is a fantastic multiplayer horror experience, taking the parameters of Lethal Company and turning it into something of a roguelike. In this review I will be comparing REPO to Lethal Company a lot both to point out differentiations as well as to provide some familiarity to people who have already dabbled in Lethal Company.
The game follows the basic idea of collecting stuff and bringing to a place to sell it, in this case, an "Extraction Point." Every procedurally generated level can have multiple of these points depending on how far you've made it in your run. With up to six players, you must explore each level and use teamwork to carry items to the extraction points to meet each one's quota. While the exploration and selling aspects are similar to Lethal in theory, REPO changes it up in practice. In REPO, each day is more important. If you can't make quota on any day, that is the end of the run.
While you adventure through all areas, there are many monsters that can spawn and do their best to stop you. For example, one enemy might kidnap you and take you to the other end of the map, another might slam you into the ground to deal damage. Most will in some way try to kill you or damage your goods, and each has their own strengths and weaknesses to learn and adapt to.
One special touch I enjoy a lot is that some creatures and some items you can pick up can have special effects on the player. As an example, you can pick up an hourglass that will glow purple and slow you, but more than that, it will also adjust your in game voice to be lower pitched to others nearby. Similar things can happen to increase the pitch, or to make your character talk with text to speech by itself.
In a sense, the game can feel very unforgiving, but at the same time it allows for many benefits to help you deal with your situation. One key mechanic is revives, where you can bring your fellow teammates to the extraction points if they've died and you can revive them by selling to meet quota. While this does bring them only to one health, it gives a second chance. Sometimes having that extra teammate makes the difference. On top of this, there are also upgrades each respective player can purchase from a shop you head to after each quota has been met, allowing you to buy upgrades for strength, stamina, speed, health, jumps, and more. Each player on your team can customise their own build to be uniquely powerful for all sorts of situations.
Although I have many more hours in Lethal Company, I can definitely see REPO surpassing it within a couple months. Everything feels fresh and in depth, the generation has enough rooms to feel special, and the abilities you can equip yourself with later on add a lot of replayability to the game. To anyone trying to decide whether or not to purchase REPO, I say go for it. If you have a few friends to play with, it's great fun. (Just ignore the emoji they chose to use as a mascot)
get it now! super fun but it is sad that non of my frends have repo and there's no multyplayer but still fun
epic
yes
god
Don't play with friends, they just kill you.
get it which yo fryends
Good
Hilarious. The tutorial is short and very helpful
Demasiado bueno, y mejor con amigos.
R.E.P.O 180
R.E.P.O
R.E.P.O
R.E.P.O
R.E.P.O
10 /10
only played once so far, but it has genuinely been some of the most fun ive ever had playing with friends
definitely check it out if you got a group of clowns to mess around with
Muy divertido, asusta un
El hecho de que ocupe en el juego y los monstruos te persigna si hablas es
10/10
the clown can get you under desks 10/10
Buen juego casi tan bueno como el sexo
its an amazing and dumb but fun game
BOM PRA CARALHO
NAO RECOMENDO
repo repo
flush ur friends in toilet C:
From the moment I open this game, I knew it was gonna be an enjoyable experience. The menu is satisfying smooth. and the game loop is fun as well. I can't wait to see the game reach 1.0. I recommend this game to all my friends already, and recommend you get it too!
This game is lethal company and phasmohobia but make it really better, I mean, Phasmo and Lethal are good games too but this is the rise of the comedy
really good especially with friends
Needs public servers
goated
Game is so fun only thing that kills it is it crashes or you get stuck in load screens
Its good
As horas de que tive hoje com meus amigos ja valeu o jogo, muita risada e muitos momentos divertidos que lembrados
E
Such an amazing game even in its early state, so many hilarious moments play with friends 10/10
THIS GAME IS HILARIOUS! While it is a little scary, our group had so much fun and so much laughter! Our group played for an hour and we were all laughing so hard we were crying. I 10000% recommend this game! We will be playing this game so often! If you are unsure whether to buy it, DO IT! Very worth the money!
It's still in Early Access, but you can tell it's been made with love! I've played nearly all of the 'Lethal Company' style games, and this is definitely near the very top. The style and animation is smooth and gorgeous, with a humorous angle to it, and the movement and 'physics based' carrying of items has been thoughtfully designed. Overall this is a great game to play with friends, and I'm excited to see what more they bring to the table as they head towards full release.
buy it
Great game for the price a lot of laugh, excited to see how they expand it more
Fantastic game. Being able to feel the scare but at the same time meme it up while getting chased or while you hide is nothing short of fun! A game where friends can really mess with each other and make moments with one another is just a perfect recipe for chaos.
is good
very gay
Hilariously goofy with an addicting, yet fun, experience that has had my friend group and I coming back for more. Mechanics are hands on and require critical thinking as the higher levels progress. Higher levels = More money to be gained, as well as more monsters spawn on the map. [spoiler]Beware of the monster swarms once you complete all extracts on a level.[/spoiler]
Me encanta este juego :D
like a really well polished sillier lethal company
devuelvan mi plataaaaa
JBL speaker sim
great game with friends, wish there was an ability to join the current game late if you DC'd from a session or any session if your friends with anyone in the game.
It good an funny
this is a really cozy $10 spent, probably only buy it if you have friends to play with though. So don't buy it ;)
$15 would be steep, $20 would be "wait for it to go on sale"
so fun. cant wait for updates
Really fun, especially for early access and $10
Very well made, glad to see PVE making a comeback
great
good
dzieki tej grze jeszcze bardziej nienawidze kaszojadow pierdolonych
This game is amazing, when I was first saw it I thought it looked stupid though and I'm sorry for that but the emoji just is not appealing. I literally had to be convinced by a friend to look at it, but still got addicted. I love the cursed items, monsters, and game-play in general, it's definitely very well thought out too. Looking forward to the possible public lobbies because I can't physically play it alone.
shes got that yummy yummy yummyyyy yummy
i cannot fathom why the makers of this game decided to use this shit-ass emoji theme for the marketing, makes the game look like shovelware, but its pretty fun
This is the most fun I've had in a long time. Such a good party game. Just make sure you watch your six because the robed enemy will sneak up on you like the IRS if you don't pay your taxes.
SO FUN OMG IM SO EXCItWED AND HAPPY OM MORE UPDATES PLZ
Funny words
Funniest game this year. Great features and fun play. Legit love this game and its not even done yet. Super excited for more
SO GOOD WOW
God this is so much fun. Another good step up from Lethal Company and Content Warning for this year
Pick up the duck
gas
most ive laughed in a game for a while
This game is absolutely well made and hilarious! It's so fun to play with friends and create funny moments. HIGHLY recommend playing this yourself. I and my friends have a blast. In my own opinion, this is better than Lethal Company.
este juego no era para nada lo que esperaba, yo que era simplemente un juego divertido para jugar con amigos pero al momento de descargarlo el de mi miembro aumento unos 15 cm aproximadamente, ahora tuve que cambiar toda mi ropa interior
nice
barf monster
boo
So good i annot desrie
Great game! Had so much fun with friends.
Funny game with friends, servers seem to be kinda a* but overall a good experience. Worth the 10 bucks
I recommend this game 8/10 if you have a group of 4-6 people to play with for a couple hours over the weekend.
after 10 hours or so the game becomes 5/10
theres a spirit stuck inside this game, be nice to him and be scared <3
Lethal-like with much more comedic value. 6 player lobbies make for some of the most hair-raising and funniest moments life can offer. Buy this game for your mom and for your grandma
For the love of god do not pick up the ducky. xD
this game so goofy brah it so fun
ta weno weno, casi me orino de risa 10/10
We performed a ritual unalive in a pit to battle royale after a 5 hour long session. There spawned a gravity drone I flew off the map i watched as my comrades battled on from above, at last there was one remaining as he celebrated he viewed the box with the player counter. 2 as his confusion turns to horror he looks out into the void and gazes upon my floating self he shoots me with a shotgun, I live, before he can fire again the final platform descends to the abyss along with the crown, as I celebrated my victory I realized the round hadn't ended, the joke was on me from the very beginning. I looked to my loyal gravity drone and watched as the battery died, I accepted my fate with a and then we played R.E.P.O would recommend
Este juego es una mierda no lo compren
pretty silly and fun, I love being more of a danger to my team than the actual monsters! :)
The old guy is not blind, hes just pretending
anyone who is upset by the emoji is dumb. its fucking funny. im sure the devs would know if the emoji was "underselling" the fun not some randoms in the reviews. it fits the theme of the game. really fun
Fun w/ friends :)
Em 3 horas de jogo fiz chichi nas de tanto rir.
Um lethal company com elementos de rogue like. adorei!
8=D
Incredibly fun game! There is never not a hilarious moment. 100% worth the price!
Get the game NOW
good game but needs some fixes. voice chat is very glitchy and doesn't work well. It also has loading problems sometimes. would recommend if those bugs are fixed
GREAT GAME. so many funny moments with friends. highly recommended
a very fun game to play with friends! so addicted to playing it every day The monsters are so unique you never know what run into around the corner until too late lol
Also me and my friends are looking for people to play with ( people who can hang and not get butthurt cause we do be saying some dumb shii ) Message me if yall wanna play :3
repo
This is like Lethal Company, but cuter. I love what they have so far and I can't wait until the full release when it will have even more maps and monsters. #AllHailTheTaxman
game dont work
DEVS PLEASE ADD INVERT MOUSE OPTIONS, other than that game looks fun, can't play (comfortably) un-inverted tho :(
good game
Is gud
Es impresionante como este juego aun se encuentra en Acceso Anticipado, REPO tiene tantas detalles que hacen cada partida una experiencia totalmente distinta, y mientras mas gente mas caos y por ende mas momentos divertidos, definitivamente de las mejores compras que e hecho.
Estando en Acceso Anticipado es comprensible que aun haya muchas cosas por agregar, asi que el unico detalle que me gustaria ver de momento, es la pronunciacion para otros idiomas de la funcion de texto a voz, ya que esta basado en ingles la pronunciacion en es algo rara.
finally a game where i can play as the sardine statue from cloudy with a chance of meatballs
I would say 1,000,000,000/10, but that weird emoji means i can only give this game a 1,000,000/10 in good conscience
R.E.P.O:
- you play as robot Ike from South Park;
- gently caressing your friend on the nose with a fabric money bag causes spontaneous combustion;
- the enemies are as clumsy as you are;
- Service Station is a sanctuary, but not for you
me and my friend absolutely love this game despite a few small problems. personally we feel especially when you get past level 3 the games heavily rely's on the big items worth over 20,000 and if those get damaged or break you kinda screw yourself over since you don't really have any way to continue forward. it also feels like items break way to easily for how the physics are in the game, other than that the game is super fun and i can't wait to see where this game goes in the future
very good game. very fun with other people and proximity chat works very well
This game is amazing, I recommend everyone give it a try. Although it may take bits of inspiration from other games, the way they use the inspiration is highly unique, fascinating, and fun. If your contemplating purchasing this game, I recommend it, from the content i have seen in game. A very promising game from a very promising studio. Its also tons of fun to play around with your friends. Could give you a scare, or a laugh, 9/10, although i haven't played a ton.
IM SCARED MOMMY
Stupidly funny! Great for a group of friends!
This game is fun, it felt like I snorted 5 bags of crack
CUATRO PALABRAS P E A K
phun
my friends keep putting me in a toilet and flushing me also my friends keep pickingme up and putting me in air jail also my frinds keep smashing things over my head. :(
Incredibly fun If it they keep updating the game it might be one of the best multiplayer games on steam for a long time, also if it has steam workshop support it would be perfect :)
It is even better with friends
Not gonna lie, I was getting pretty frustrated with gaming in general this past month or so due to the oversaturated market, unfinished games, random bugs, and just an overall low quality of games and poor AI in some. However, this game delivered, and there's already mods out too with the current vanilla version having a lot of content. For an early access game that just released, I am more than content and genuinely happy with this game in a lot of ways. I can't imagine what they'll add in the future as well as modders and some customization options.
But yea, hilarious, 10/10, and def worth it. I don't do a lot of reviews, but this is a pretty amazing game and was necessary lol. Thanks for making a good game.
yeea
esta muy chingon
good
cured my depresion, 9/10 doctors recomend
really fun with friends
super fun with friends
(
Game has some really fun moments, but requires a full team of 6 to be enjoyable. Its too easy to instantly die and some object are impossible to move without 3-4 people carrying them.
I've had games where the round can't end because we've run out of objects to sell.
Also camera settings are horrendous by default and will make you feel sick if you do not lower them.
ts good good it dont pmo fr
BEst game ever
Amazing game, horrendous choice for a cover mascot, this emoji is horrible LOL
melhor q lethal company
geiles game
This is the funniest shit that I have ever played its one of the best multiplayer games with friends .its pretty good and no bugs have been found [spoiler] yet [/spoiler] the gameplay is pretty repeatable but the moments last. highly recommended
[h2] 10/10 [/h2]
This game is so much fun but very difficult. I assume the more people you have the easier it is. I can't get past the 3rd level. Wish there was an easy mode.
repo.
Esse jogo muito divertido!
Como muitos sabem ele estilo Lethal Company, sendo um jogo de terror com coleta de itens para vender e bater a meta de dinheiro com inimigos te atrapalhando pelo caminho, ele pelo jeito que os personagens e pelo designe.
Amei a variedade de monstros logo no acesso antecipado e pela dificuldade de enfrentar alguns (que acho que colocando alguns mapas diferentes fica mais divertido.
gord
I like this game a lot better than Lethal Company personally, yeah there is somewhat a lack in diversity at the moment but I'm sure that will change soon. The sound design and game mechanics are extremely well done, however this game doesn't always cause a lot of the scary moments like LC, it can still get pretty intense. Don't let the memey style cover art fool you, this is an extremely competently made game and I can't wait to see what the dev adds next! Also, if you're seeing this developer's please add a stamina regen upgrade to the shop we desperately need one.
great game, have a lot of fun. no regret
si
hahaha funny game
yes
Add Public servers and this game is perfect.
it can get repetitive but its very fun with the right group of ppl
TLDR: It's worth $10 especially if you have friends to play it with but because of the enemy design, base stamina, and physics-based loot, the game forces you to play at a slow pace which also kinda screws over anyone who dies because rounds take a very long time.
This is one of the most fresh feeling Lethal Company-like games, cute as hell and really fun with how it's physics based, but there's one major caveat being that if you die early on, you can be spectating for an eternity and this feels much worse than lethal company. The game is pretty scary at times but I think that's mostly due to the monsters feeling fresh, and a lot of the monsters I encountered had next to no counterplay, basically ran up and ruined our loot while all we could do was watch because most of the enemies deal lots of damage and recovering health is not easy. This is not a fast-paced game, and I don't think it can be played in a fast pace like Lethal Company can be because of the physics-based enemies, the damage they deal and also how little stamina you have when you start, which I think works well until you or a teammate dies and are forced to spectate for 20+ minutes.
juego ql weno, sobre todo cuando tu vieja llega en four
Please describe what you liked or disliked about this game and whether you recommend it to others.
Please remember to be polite and follow the Rules and Guidelines.
Please play the game
flavor of the month game
O MELHOR JOGO PARA MORRER DE RIR, LITERALMENTE O EMOJI QUE APARECE NA IMAGEM DO JOGO, KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK VALE A PENA CADA CENTAVO
absolutely amazing. first time playing with my friends and we were laughing so hard we couldn't play several times.
10/10 good price, worth every dollar spent. i cant wait to see where this game goes.
Fun take on Lethal Company
The game is actually a ton of fun and has qualities that make it unique from other games like Lethal Company, however is has possibly the worst mascot/thumbnail designs known to mankind. It honestly repulsed me so much that I strongly considered not even giving this game a chance because it looks like something only seen in the many shovelware games that pollute Steam. If you like Lethal Company or extraction horror you might consider giving the game a shot!
A friend, my brother and I just got this game. We haven't laughed like we have tonight in a long time. In just the 3 hours we played tonight, it was so fun. The comedic timing in this is so good. My brother and friend re-spawned, my brother went "i don't want to die again" and immediately got shot by this guy with a musket and made me belly laugh so hard. Another funny situation was my brother and I were dead and my friend were getting bullied by a toddler that kept stealing his items and the baby took the one and absolutely sniped my friend in the head from like 10 feet away.
This is a very solid start to this game. We cannot wait to see what comes next. An absolute 10/10 gem.
One of the best in the genre of the wacky, goofy, horror co-ops. Modded Lethal Company is really the only one that holds a light to it, but R.E.P.O. wins out simply because it doesn't need mods.
good game fun with friends
Nothing I can say would be better than the other amazing reviews, worth the $10 I don't regret it!
Silly spooky game to play with friends. 10/10
:v
Absolutely love this game, especially with friends!
MUY WENO
11 10
good
c
you have no balls
best game to come out for a while if you find the right people this game is next level hilarious
I hate the emoji mascot. I love that little duck.
good game with friends
So much fun to play with friends
R.E.P.O is the friends we made along the way.
Game is super fun. Only comment I have is there's not an online multi-player mode yet, so if you don't have friends who want to play with you it really takes from the experience of the game.
Pros
great game super fun cheap
cons
no match making kinda annoying having to find people from discord and steam to play with
im scared
A goofier Lethal Company
Thank you Kanye!
Very cool!
Games lit fam
This change my voice to a man, good game
Scary game
Amazing game to play with friends. I love this game WAYYYY more than lethal company, it just has more character and is more fun. I hate the logo/emoji though.
Hella good time with random people and its fun to hide from monsters when they chase you
if lethal company wasn't made by a roblox furry
WHAT DOES REPO STAND FOR. TS SO TUFF BOI
Es un juego perfecto para jugarlo con tus amigos.
game is great
anyone who says its bad is a wimpy baby who needs to git gud
fun
it's very fun with friends i think it is very very worth it to get it
I LOVE IT
La verdad es divertido, pero lastimosamente en el poco tiempo que lo he jugado he tenido varios problemas con el chat de voz y la interfaz no funcionando correctamente, puede que lo compre otra vez cuando este en una version mas estable.
This game is amazing i play with the discord groups and its always fun ten times better then lethal company the voice chat alone makes this game so comedic and makes me laugh everytime ven if i die im having fun all i can say is i know your doing updates slow def some new maps and costimiztion for the robots like maybe buying them from the store when u hit a certain level i would love to see mods being able to put there own monsters or adding new ones as time goes by you guys are doing amzing and keep listing to your community its getting huge and we love this watched one person play it and got it day 2 of being out
LA HOSTIA de dinamico el juego, me encanta
ME PELIE CON MIS AMIGOS POR ROMPER PLATOS Y TAZAS y me mato un ravioso mas de 5 veces
recomendado 10/10
Very fun co-op horror game, made us laugh so much when playing it
Jogo mt bom, n gostei que me enfiaram numa privada >:(
Still the best game made in 2025. We also encountered a triple spawn on the Mentalist. We just got to level 5. And we played trios its really fun with three people.
-Be me
-Singing hatsune miku
-jump on a table to look into a pit that has our friends head flying around in it
-other friend jumps at me and knocks both of us into the hole
-I got to see his stupid face as i fell into the hole
-5 of us died because of it
10/10 game
COMPREN ESE JUEGO, PARA LLORAR DE LA RISA MAS DE 4 VECES, 100 DE 10
fun
Rally fun to play with friends.
I want to lick your teeth
Break into someones house to reposes their stuff
Old man with a shotgun fires blindly at you
You find a heart shaped potion that compels you to tell the homies how handsome they are
gnomes break all your goods
find a box worth double your goal
explodes killing everyone
10/10
AMAZING BALLS
scary funny physics haha
Phenomenal. The best extraction horror game out right now.
ligma
WONDERFUL
it's a really fun and funny game to play with friends
Yes
Funny
Good game
This is lobotomy lethal company the map feel a lot less barren than lethal company better movement and just more diversity more weapons and cool upgrades 10/10
I love flushing my friends down a toilet and in a cauldron also why the duck kinda BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAD
Game is really fun to play with friends. I am very exited to see what they will add to this game. For sure worth the 10 dollars.
i fucking HATE THESE STUPID FUCKIN GNOMES (still. nothing has changed other than me liking the video game more)
Man I hate to do this. but without some sort of lobby hosting or match making I'm gonna have to say wait till it's added. It's good. it's fun and its different over similar games. But we need to be able to have a server browser of some sort.
esta muy perro
i have had so mush fun over the last week playing this game
If you play games for FUN this is a must play.
R.E.P.O basicamente: entre, pegue o que precisa, tente falhe miseravelmente. Nunca pensei que ser um 'recuperador de bens' envolvesse tantos gritos e arrependimentos. Recomendo? Com certeza.
ES UN JUEGAZOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
P.D: TE ODIO BEBEEEEEE DE MIERRRRRRRRRRR*
Depois do suposto abandono de lethal company pelo seu desenvolvedor ( das pequenas e quase e da sua quase com a qualidade do produto, a semiwork viu um potencial a ser atingido que muitas outras deste estilo ainda conseguiram. Eis que a semiwork decide arriscar e criar R.E.P.O., um dos filhos de lethal company, mas que muito mais caprichado.
Graficamente falando foi a parte que mais me chamou a controlamos pequenos coloridos, entrando em diversos diferentes, como escolas de bruxos, e abandonadas. Tudo isso com acesso a salas de aula, e O design dos itens interessante e dos monstros melhor ainda. O capricho aqui com os algo que lethal company conseguiu fazer. Apesar de muitos elementos reciclados, ainda sim muito divertido encontrar aos criadores e a filmes ( como harry potter) no jogo. Nota 10 para a de arte.
A trilha sonora muito boa, tendo na maior parte do tempo o como porque o som pode atrapalhar com os monstros. A ideia das conversas digitadas serem reproduzidas por IA em voz de um toque extra na sonoridade que mais ao jogo. O fato dos terem olhos saltados e moverem a boca para falar acaba trazendo um ar artisticamente
A nula basicamente, com os elementos do podemos deduzir de formas o que estamos realmente fazendo, acho que o enredo a parte que perde para lethal company. Lethal company tem um e alguns arquivos de revelando personagens, em R.E.P.O. existe, isso algo que faz tanta assim.
A gameplay a mesma de lethal company, como por exemplo o fato de conseguirmos reviver nossos aliados no meio da partida e a parte da aplicada. bem mais fazer dinheiro aqui, mas incrivelmente mais quebrar os itens e perder muito dinheiro, o que traz mais cautela na hora de coletar os itens. existem itens com especiais para serem pegos, como a boneca possuida, o elixir do amor ou mesmo a ampulheta. Os itens muito mais diferentes em jogabilidade que lethal company justamente por suas particularidades e durabilidades diferentes.
Por fim, os dois fatores mais atrativos para R.E.P.O. foram a sua arte mesclando algo e macabro juntamente com a gameplay semelhante a lethal company, com suas particularidades.
Se tem uns 2 ou amigos, recomendo comprar este jogo, pois jogar sozinho chato e enjoativo, mas com os amigos se comunicando por uma coisa muito boa. Recomendo para quem busca uma diferente de jogo por um bacana. Apesar de estar em acesso antecipado, o jogo tem um bom e vai agradar muito.
Don't pick up the duck. DON'T DO IT
That baby is a little shit
god
gup
me when I repossess something
Prettty Goofy
need more content
good
good bones for a good community to work with. looking forward to see crazy growth with the modding community
10/10 would get my friends killed again
que jogo bom KKKKKKKKKKKK
10/10, final boss: keeping my friend quiet
:heart_eyes:
Lethal Company but better
Little Children Are Mean
jogo foda, so n quando seu amigo te derruba com o carrinho :D
its peak
si se puede jugar en xbox o Geforce Now?
best and funniest game ive played
FIRE a 10 times harder lethal company and you can buy upgrades for range health stamina and more! you can also heal your teammates by giving your health!
I really love this game it's very fun to play with friends, however I wished the Text option was less robotic and maybe more recognizable, I am mute and it's very difficult to be heard by anyone who is around me; and i can't ask them to stay that long to read the subtitles that go 1 word at a time and there's monster around too so- Yeah!
this shit fun as hell
Genuinely the most fun I've ever had in an extraction horror game, even surpassing my favorite being Content Warning. I could easily see this game being one of the better ones and maybe going above and beyond with content updates (which are already in the works so huge W on the devs for that!). I have been playing this game non-stop and would have even more hours if I wasn't too scared to play solo lol.
Overall though, the devs are really funny people because a lot of the mechanics, enemies, weapons, etc. are fun/goofy as well as being kind of well thought of. Spoilers for a monster but there's an enemy that reacts to sound and he will sometimes trip on the floor or stairs (lore wise probably because he's blind) but as a dev it was made to get you and/or your friends to laugh- making noise. That's not only funny but it's a smart mechanic for an enemy like that. Stuff like that is what makes this game stand out.
Highly recommend this game, especially if you like games similar to Lethal Company or Content Warning. With friends is a lot more fun and easier, even if it's just one- but it's definitely playable alone for those who like a challenge or don't have anyone that would want to play.
10/10, can't wait for future updates!
i like it when my short friends can finally put me in air jail, i want uppies
This one is pretty good, lots of craziness with the physics system. Looking forward to new updates.
stupid emoji
like the enemies
Ta chido we. y ya, compratelo
chistoso
I LOVE THIS GAME GRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
got kidnapped by a ghost 500 times while my teammates got work done. finally got left alone long enough to shatter the only item worth enough to finish the level. locked myself in a cabinet then got haunted again. 50000/10
funny + horror = good game
si
es un buen juego pero lo malo es que no hay servidores globales y un amigo tuyo tiene que tener el juego para crear una sala y jugar juntos bueno pero tmb puedes buscar a gente para jugar yo hice eso y pues ahora este juego es mas divertido :)
a better lethal company
niih
My brother gifted me this game to play with him and it's very interesting. I definitely recommend it though as we had a blast playing it. It's sort of similar to Lethal Company but with the ability to hide from things that are trying to kill you versus just running for your life. I would highly recommend this game to anyone who has enjoyed playing Lethal Company or anything of the like.
Something small came at me and i screamed
Gameplay wise its really good. Just wish there was public lobbies you could join. It was a tough choice to make but from what I've played, its good!
Everything apart from the emoji is great.
Please change it.
this cool but the spectating can be LONG periods of time with nun to do
GOSTEI
clown man tried to kill my bf, but my bf trolled him so hard he gave up. 10/10, play this game NOW
Really fun when you play wit friends
oh my god scary
my friends cyberbully me in this game
o jogo mais divertido da face da terra
Amazing
always says exception, cant play game
this is the funniest shi- ive played so far
Joguinho muito bom pra jogar com os amigos!
SI TE GUSTA LETHAL COMPRALO, LOS MEJORES 10 DOLARES QUE MEJOR INVERTI EN UN JUEGO, pense que me cansaria con lo repetitivo y monotonia del objetivo pero siempre hay risas y susto hasta jugando solo ya imaginense siendo 4 o mas amigos, hay una que otra cosa que pueden mejorar y pero como 1er lanzamiento es increible
good
vrry good.
clunky and bad visuals
no lie its fun af but man i screamed like a bitch
Fun with the boys
My friend sent me a TikTok of the gameplay and I thought this was a cool game to play. 100% worth it. spooky and comical. Super fun with friends. Reminds me of Lethal Company but better. There is a map you carry and a cart to put multiple items.
The game is great and fun with friends, just wish their was a queue to play with randoms when your friends aren't on.
Very good game yes :)
Ni siquiera 2 min en la primer partida y un panadero me recibe con bolillos de plomo 10/10
love this game
its like lethal company, but the horror x10 and also gmod physics. be sure to have some friends though, its a little boring doing singleplayer. also best $10 i have spent
get the game (if you have friends) is what im saying
Funny and scary. haha XD
kino game
would be nice to have a way to upgrade the bus. you know, like a shield that keeps out mobs, or better healing/revive on end of collections. or, better yet, a scrapper that gives you half the price of anything you forgot to cash in? just some ideas.
jogo fodaa
yes
this game is mad fun but make sure to have friends with you when you play its so much better that way :D
fire!
[b] [/b]
[b] [/b]
[b] [/b]
[b]
[b]
[b] [/b]
[b] [/b]
[h1] [h1]
[h1]
Grab the duck
juegaso para compartir con amigos. las primeras horas seran las mejores de todo el juego luego si no te las ingenias comienza a aburrir un poco, pero muy recomendado.
A very fun game that has been a ton of laughs, could play it with my friends and family and all of em had a great time! A great deal too cant beat a fun game for a fun price!
Game of the year to me.
gun guy go boom
REPO > Lethal
I got to smash my friends head in with a baseball bat :)
Games really fun! alot of lethal company vibes, but theres a big issue that sometimes you just can't talk or hear people when you die/respawn.
havent even played it yet but its good
fun :D
This game is very fun to play and is simmler to lethal company.
But there are a few things i would want to be changed:
Default settings in game use TAB to open map so when you sprint while opening map it opens steam instead
the guy with the gun is buggy and sometimes sees you while your sprinting. also it needs to be Nerfed to not 1 shot you
The invisible guy is very buggy and has zero cool down so he keeps re-grabbing you
Game needs public lobbies BUT WITH MODERATION
Banner should be changed to just say REPO
frog with knife is buggy
single player is hard due to not being able to pick up anything big
sprint takes a huge amount of time to regen even if you only have 40
overall most Monsters are buggy and i keep getting killed even while hiding or with a wall between us
Juegardo para viciar con amigos, agregar mejoras o cosmeticos permanente post partida para premiar al jugador como "avance" de juego o algo
Si aprovechan desde ya en hacer updates y sumarle cosas nuevas, el juego siendo un y no en el olvido como L.C =)
10/10
;)
I already enjoy it a lot, especially with a good group of friends it is quick paced and easy to figure out. Still some monsters I'm figuring out how to avoid, but overall lots of fun!
verry funny
my game keeps crashing when i play with friends
An Actual Fun Lethal company clone that might be better then lethal company entirely.
funny
remove menos grande
Funny ass game 6 hours non-stop after buying it with friends
funny haha moments
The attention to detail in this game was very carefully tended to and you can tell lots of effort went in to making this game right. My only discrepancy is that there keeps on being a client/server issue every now and then but besides that I give this game a solid 9/10
repo
good game
git
Basicly a better version of lethal company, highly recommend if you like lethal company. its alot better with friends and open mic
lethal company but fun
Fun game.
Lo compre para jugar con amigos, me faltaron los amigos xd
buen juego
stupid ass shit
If only it was directed by KOJIMA, stilla 10
very gud
This game made me realize how noisy I could get
nice
Super fun but me and my girlfriend keeping getting allot of disconnects and are pcs are next to each other i think the game needs some work
Worth every penny
fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuun
This game Is really amazing. Throughout everything you can do, there's almost nothing you can say about It. Almost. The monsters AIs are really sucky and the only one you really need to hide from Is the one with the gun.
melhor jogo para se jogar entre amigos q eu joguei na minha vida!
fun
ta joya
Great game if you have freinds. Sadly I dont have many lol
So many little details that adds depth and character to this game. Never judge a game by its cover! This game is fun with friends, hopefully they add lobbies soon so those with a limited friends list can enjoy it too!
funny game
I'm loving these really affordable indie games that give me a ton of enjoyment. Keep 'em comin!
oyun gayet dibine vuruyorsunuz oyunun her yerinden komik en kum saati bi o kadar
The main logo makes it look like a really cheap game but it's actually really fun. I understand that this is early access but I do really want to be able to join randoms instead of only friends so I can still have the fun of playing the game with other people.
jogo maneiro
No paso del nvl 6 gracias a mi amigos por
w game
10/10
very funny
TA WENO
That duck chill asf fr
goof
988
Just plain fun
TTS for the chat system Is a peak idea
A true gem!
auge
bom
um jogo muito gostosinho e divertido
I think this was franklins job before he became gta
re bueno el juego si lo jugas con amigos son risas aseguradas pero deberian meter mas mapas, mas mecanicas, modos de juego, que se pueda jugar con mas personas y asi pero es un muy buen juego
delicioso para jogar com os amigos e bem parecido com o estilo de lethal company, passar uma boa hora jogando que nem ver.
I'd expect a game that relies so heavily on a physics system, let alone a multiplayer one, to be a complete jank fest, but somehow it's pulled off flawlessly. There's little touches of polish everywhere from the menus, to the audio, to the interactions with physics objects that make playing it feel great. Curious to see what'll be added on top of this rock solid foundation later down the line. Very solid entry to the genre; worth keeping an eye on.
Overall not as many laugh out loud moments as Lethal Company, but it compensates by being more engaging/dynamic in the moment to moment gameplay. Best experienced with 3 or more other players.
im a kid
This game cured my homophobia and made me come out of the closet
10/10 Would Scream Like a Dying Goat Again
Listen, I thought this was gonna be a normal, run-of-the-mill co-op horror game. You know, grab some loot, avoid some spooky thing, laugh with my friends. NO. This game turned me into a panicked, screaming raccoon scrambling to stuff priceless vases into a backpack while my friends were getting yeeted into the abyss by unspeakable horrors.
Imagine being a professional repo agent, except instead of dealing with angry homeowners, dealing with the actual forces of evil that would rather punt you into the shadow realm than let you take their furniture. One second carefully balancing a fragile antique, and the next, you and the vase are airborne because a demon just bull-rushed your soul out of your body.
Physics? Comedic gold. I have personally watched a Fragile wooden box defy the laws of nature and phase through reality, all the while going down in value while my friend had a full-blown existential crisis in the background. Another his voice actor passed out from screaming when a ghost whispered in his ear. I myself have gone full fetal position behind a chair that was worth less than my dignity. Shutting the fuck up was another matter as we found ourselves giggling like mad men.
R.E.P.O. just a horror game. an orchestral masterpiece of fear, chaos, and stupidity. It will break your friendships, your sanity, and probably your furniture if you panic hard enough. Buy it. Play it. Suffer with us.
P.S. If you hear a demonic baby laughing behind you? already too late.
funny game lol game
watch my video playing this game to see
lethal company with gmod physgun hands
Ojo que hay un jubilado de legitima defensa en el juego
Fun with friends
Wow, this game is SO MUCH FUN with a group of friends. Not only is it perfect for situational comedy, I think the balancing is pretty good too. Like we had 4 people, and as people died, the monsters were less abundant which made the last person standing's chance of survival better. You can even fight back against the monsters without having to invest your hard earned dollars on weapons, though that's also an option. I like that even though things can be confusing at first, there was a definite sense of progress with our understanding of the game's mechanics and actually having strategies to complete each extraction. Tons of fun, highly recommend.
This game is full of GIGGLES!
goated game
fun game with good ideas and a good sense of humour
Better Game than Iraq Sim!
really fnny to play with friends
Muito bom. Tive alguns infartos durante o jogo
invadi um laboratorio para roubar dinheiro, um bicho me deu uma bicuda e eu morri
meus amigos acharam minha e me reviveram porem o capitalismo foi cruel e o dinheiro literalmente me matou
joguinho muito e divertido. Mas tem aquele sem amigos= sem
Lethal Company if it was fun
Great game, fun with friends, great mechanics, nice movement. 10/10
good game
ESSE JOGO INCRIVEL DSAHJDIOAHDOA EU AMEI JOGAR
^0^
This Game is amazing to play with Your friends im so glad the creators of this game came out with it! Really fun game keep up the good work! I hope to see great updates coming in the future! This game is amazing for Content! If your reading this BUY THE GAME!
honestly, super fun. especially with friends!
Very nice game
All hail the taxman
LETHAL COMPANY 2.0
GAME OF THE YEAR
Awesome game, hate my friends now
Really fun game. lethal vibes. might be even more funny than lethal
R.E.P.O.
bom, compre
sobre o matchmaking, esta indisponivel no momento mas trabalhando para implementar
Esse jogo simplesmente perfeito.
GOOD GAME
Worthy successor to Lethal Company; gameplay loop gets repetitive very fast but this can be ironed out with consistent upgrades, something lethal company lacks.
la puta leche
es increible si quieres pasar un buen rato y divertirte con tus amigos es lo mejor
✅ funny moments
✅ cool monsters & weapons
✅ quick & fluid world load times
✅ revivability (not dead all game)
❌ emoji mascot
10/10 illo, encima backflip patras
genuinely too much fun with all the unpredictable ways the game could turn.
el mejor juego cooperativo y el mejor del mundo te suceden las cosas menos esperadas y mas graciosas con tus amigos
top
Great game, love being bullied by babies, getting shot, and getting run over by my friends.
good
awsome game little scary but fun
Its like lethal company but you actually have to think. If you see a monster, you dont just run until you run out of stamina and die, you change your playstyle for the entire level to play around it. Beautiful, fun, only complaint is that theres three maps, but the devs said they're working to change that! 100% recommend
TEAMO, REPO!
fun
10/10
I am in love with this game physics based goofy and kinda scary solo
yes
La verdad lo compre el Viernes 7 de marzo y lo jugue recien el Sabado y literal full vicio entre panas risas y sustos .gritos lo recomiendo a full juntar a tus panas y darle
really fucking good
The game is a lot of fun, I love playing lethal company but the gameplay loop gets really stale after a while. This game has a lot of funny moments that keep the gameplay loop fresh; no session is the same as the last. The only complaint is that theres no server browser, but I'm sure the devs are working on a solution to that, there is lots of fun to be had on this game. Would definitely recommend if you can find people to play with (use the steam discussion to find people hosting if you dont have friends to play with)
Fantastically chaotic game. Played a few hours with friends, it was a good time. It definitely has room to be fun as a solo game but playing with a few nerds was absolute hilarity every time something unexpected happened. The controls feel wonky, but an intentional and learnable wonky that feels good to learn. Discovering that I could kill one puke monster by getting infected by a second puke monster and puking on the first puke monster was wild, we all cheered
juego good, cuando uno escribe le deja decir racismo :3
fun
The blind man with the shotgun aims trickshotted me across the map, 10/10 game
threw a frying pan and it somehow hit me 10/10 goty
Dfreakieang Fyreee
GOOD SOUP
very nice!
chaos. its all chaos and comedy.
W
un juego bastante vag1n4l, sobre todo si juegas con amigos
one of the funnest games ever with friends but i havent gotten past level 2 yet which sucks but its prob just me
buy the game if u ike fun and have friends!
I would love this game, but at least add lobbys to join others. not everyone has friends on their friend list
I DIED TO A OLD GRAHM GRAHM
Game is very fun, it is in beta though, so if you like solo or you have a lot of friends, buy this. Its similar to lethal company, but in a "grabbing" form. It does not have live servers, so you can only join people through steam invites, but that will most likely be the next update, so you should DEFINITELY, get this game.
The game is super funny, the size is also very small and goofy. But the problem is that u can play single player or u can play with your Steam friends, I don't have friends so that`s why I refunded the game if u have friends go enjoy, have fun)
JUEGARDO, coge la idea del lethal company y la mejora en todos los sentidos
BOns devs gostei top
bom
fun
This game can cause emence rage and can cause you to DESTROY your setup. Yet is addicting! Be careful.
got one pumped by a blind man. 10/10
Juste une masterclass jouer entre potes
I love breaking vases with my friends because they bump into me. One of my favorite games ever. Fantastic.
very sigma
fASZOM FELALL TOLE
ABSOLUTE COMEDY!
funny talking
Game is very fun and scary.
Game is great fro some laughs with friends. My only wish is that there was support for ultra-wide monitors (3440x1440)
Juego de mrd lo jugue 1 pura vez y me desconfiguro el microfono a tal pnto de que ya no puedo usarlo ni para hablar en cualquier juego o llamada
god
SIMMMMMM BOM JOGO HAHAHAH REPO REPO
,)
pretty great game, definitely worth full price tag. i got it free, but i got my "$10 worth" out of the game.
if i were to compare this to the lethal company launch then i'd say this one is better imho. lethal company was/is amazing. i just like the little details added into this game better. and the item extraction is 10x better imho. and lethal company is pretty hardcore compared to this game. but at the same time not really. because specific monsters on your map can really f you especially on level 6 and up.
9.990 out of 10.
very fun with friends
absolute peak
this game for lags
It good and funny
o moris por una cabeza voladora o te mata el hdp de tu de un diamantazo en la cabeza
This game is amazing! fun with friends and scary solo, but best if bought with family & friends. Would be cool if they added hats to the characters that you unlocked by moving forwards in the game or doing certain things, but overall is is sooooo good.
YES
Duck
80
10 /10
bien que tuviera un servidor para poder jugar con mas gente, porque aveces no se puede jugar por falta de personas, todo lo excelente, es un buen juego
Haven't had such good laughs from a game in a while
its good but it aint breaking bad or nothin
Friend walks into the room puking screaming for help
hides under a chair
dies
ZAJEBISCIE SMIESZNEXDDDD
Very funny, play with as many people as you can. The chaos is lovely
big black thing runs after you very fast, very spooky
Cant play with strangers, if you have no online friends like me, wait til they implement it
i love this game so much me and my boyfriend play it so i recommend it to everyone ever
[h2] ALSO IT HAS TEXT TO SPEECH FOR TEXT CHAT so if u dont like talking u can use that instead AND THEY CAN ACTUALLY HEAR YOU. i loev that [/h2]
yes
i really like this game it is fun. i shared it family and friends, but can you make it compatible with Mac. i bought this game for my sister she only got mac.
Funny ahh game
no mic spam, great community, 10/10
fantastic game love the graphics love the gameplay, my computer can't really run many games but this is good for games like this
While keeping the same format of "collect items for money to fill quota while running from monsters" that other games like lethal co have already done, this game has an incredibly unique flair and vibe that no other has been able to capture. It truly is one of a kind in an establishing genre and is insanely funny as well as incorporating a surprisingly unique gameplay loop and mechanics that compliment the art style perfectly.
In a scape where most games have upgrades and items that one up each other and tend to be more or less useful than each other, most all of the items and character upgrades in this game compliment the individual user to their own playstyle near equally from each other. I more often than not tend to mix up my purchases at least somewhat with each run because each and every item is almost equally useful in their own right. The tumble mechanic, while at first glance seems like a bare bones gag mechanic is actually one of the most interesting and useful gimmicks I've seen from a horror game. Need to reach an area that's far away or over a gap? Tumble will get you there with an upgrade or two. Need to run away from the various enemies or can't hide from certain ones? Tumble will allow you to go from one side of the room to the other, allowing you to break line of sight and hide from any enemies still looking for you (the upgrade for it is deceptively cheap as well).
Speaking of enemies, each and every one is unique in their own way and are each terrifying in their own right. There is an enemy that looks seemingly innocent but will tear you apart if you touch it (which it will try to make you do), there's an enemy that picks you up and places you on random parts of the map, leading it to be just as useful as it can be annoying depending on the situation, and so many more.
I would recommend playing this with friends, as the voice chat effects when interacting with certain items and enemies cannot go unnoticed while playing, and you're sure to have a blast with them while doing so reguardless as it's a very scary, yet insanely funny game.
ich liebe das game kann nicht langweilig werden hahahah
thoroughly enjoyed every second, from jump scares to funny moments to fighting with friends over broken loot this game has it all and is sure to keep you entertained.
very fun with friends
esta bueno pero no tengo amigos alguien agregue porfa :D
aun no tengo microfono entonces no molesto mucho
isso jogo ya
Made by people who actually wanted to make the game.
Supper fun to play with friends
Muito bom, to viciado no jogo
One of the best games i played suspends.Even better with you're friends. It's more then ever.
veery good
This game is not fun at all
slk bom
Melhor jogo do ano, sozinho assustador e dificil, com os amigos mais divertido, e ainda dificil kkkkkkk. mas compensa muito comprar esse jogo, muito pesado e roda numa batata :D
comedic timing
With good company, this game gives vast opportunity for hilarity. Highly recommend for groups of 3 or more!
komik ve bir detay
very fun
lots of room for improvements and mods are almost a must, but super fun and i look forward to the future updates!
Stuffing your friends into lockers, toilets, boxes, and freezers is actually good for their health in this game.
es macht bock
FUNNY
Eu vi meu amigo tentando pegar o pato.
Pato ficou muito bravo e correu atras dele.
gigante brotou do nada.
Meu amigo explodiu.
Revivi meu amigo
Uma barata Prendeu na cara dele.
Ele morreu de novo.
10/10
Actek puk puk
My friends through me at a blind guy with a gun my friends died and i survived
probably one of the best lethal clones I've played
very fun with friends
Lots of fun! Lots of scares! And absolutely hilarious!
silly bot people destroying objects
super jeu
Ta weno
f u n
Jogo muito divertido. Mix de 10/10
en makara oyun ve ekip isteyen bir oyun iyi :9
10/10 absolute cinema
I have play this game a little but i have enjoyed every second of it
Genuinely a fun game, if you like lethal company you will enjoy this. Unique enough to not be a clone
Holy shit this is fun and hilarious. only 3 maps but hoping the game developers update this game often for new maps
Phenomenal game honestly. It's some of the most fun we've had in such a long time. My ONLY issue with is it that damn steam banner, get rid of that emoji PLEASE. If my friends hadn't played it first and then gifted it to me I wouldn't have given it a try.
It is a very fun and entertaining game to play with friends.
Good for getting 200 pumped i give 10/10
10/10
:)
SI
This is so silly! I love it so much! :)
It's a fun game and a great way to spend a few hours, especially with friends! It will make you laugh until you cry if you play with the right people! It's got a good pace and the monsters (while goofy at times) can be genuinely creepy when they sneak up on you out of no where! It's very fun!
Funnest group game I've played in a while. The bigger group you've got to play with the more fun.
JUST GREAT FOR THE LADS
El hijo perdido de half life y lethal company
Great game, best experience to play this is having friends with you.
melhor jogo de terror co-op
yeah silly game init
Fun game obviously still in development as some functions are broken
better lethal company
its like a better lethal company and the devs seem to listen theyre already working on adding matchmaking
Very funny and chaotic.
This is the most I've laughed in a long time, and I was only playing with one teammate. Absolute silly chaos 10/10.
10 10
Love the game just wish it had controller support
hell yeah
cinema
great with friends
goat
muy bueno
Its pretty fun so far. I saw this game a few weeks ago before it was released and was interested, but ignored it when it popped up on my feed because of that dumb emoji on the title.
Gonna play it with some friends, but the dev should consider changing the icon because I had dismissed this as some cheap knock-off meme game and not the thing I was excited to play
*With friends the game is great, though might need balancing. level 3 we had a big white guy that screams, a flying acid fish, and 2 Ellen-scissor-hands all spawn in the same room (sadly the first room in the level, and we got ragdolled and instantly deleted.
Solo play doesn't really feel like an option; with the monsters being so strong and alert, and so many ways to get stuck (in furniture), even modded its not a good time.
O jogo realmente muito divertido, acredito que mais um jogo que vai cair de por causa de falta de mas tudo bem valeu a pena enquanto durou
El juego es realativamente divertido, ojala no lo abandonen y saquen actualizaciones
Ideal para morirse de risa con los panas
I love getting mauled, shot, exploded, scratched, falling to my death in a pit, and getting mauled in R.E.P.O!
300
[spoiler] [/spoiler]
decent boring after a while
funny game. please dont fall to the bad side of video game devs
funny plastic man
way better than lethal for sure
AWESOME!
juegazo
This game is really fun, its not to hard to learn, its hilarious. The only problem I have is that its not online. I dont have many friends who have a PC, they mostly have PS5. So when I got the game I was excited to play with randoms but I could not because there was not online. I have 1 friend that barley plays this so im 60/40 about this game.
love the game it is a little harder playing by your self but when playing with others it is really fun.
This is a really good game, its quite similar to Lethal Company if you like that game. Everything in this game is really good except how the item scanner thing, where it shows you if there is items in the room sometimes doesnt work but im sure that will be improved on in future updates and also the Robe monster (the thing that looks like the grim reaper) please just murder whoever decided to put this in the game please i beg.
10/10
I MEAN IT. BUY IT.
Goofy "Risk your life for ten bucks" type of game
pls add random join
amazing game so funny with friends
SO FUNNY WITH FRIENDS
Honestly fantastic game and I can't wait for more updates
Such a good time.
game of the year
Only fun with friends
un excellent jeu hate de voir la suite avec les mises a jour c'est prometteur
es un juego muy entretenido nos ha causado muchas risas
divertida la santa cachucha
I really like this game so far its pretty funny and way more fun in groups!
rfdsFSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSEFdsdffffffffffffffffffffffssd
Peak game
Theres some funny things to it but overall just wasn't enjoying it.
- Enemy spawns are chaotic, unceasing and everyone can die as soon as the door opens
- Hiding kinda just doesn't work sometimes? Other times you can be sat in the open floor and it just ignores you?
- I find it inconsistent in what constitutes damage and the reduction of the price of items
- Its corpo borpo reasoning this go-round just doesn't jive with me. Lethal Company has the corporation building, Subterranaughts has the scrapyard & Kletka has the elevator - this just has spots on the map you're "repoing" to drop things off? Into what exactly I have a hard time telling and one of my favorite aspects of these games is buying into the dumb "company" stuff
bueno.
fun
Juste un grand oui, encore plus quand on est fan de lethal compagny
totally worth the 10$, this game so fun n full of funny moments. i cant wait for whats to come next.
this game is funny and fun and scary, gold :steamhappy:
(shoutout to skunkwv/livingroom37 for gifting me this game!)
Amongus
this is a very good game if you have friends. i think the creators should add public lobbys like in lethal company. hope you read this and they add it
can't sex the taxman
Jogo Muito Bom Para Jogar Com Os Amigos (Minimo 4 Pessoas Para Ficar Interessante)
-{ Graphics }-
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
-{ Gameplay }-
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
-{ Audio }-
☐ Eargasm
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
-{ Audience }-
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma
-{ PC Requirements }-
☑ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
-{ Game Size }-
☐ Floppy Disk
☑ Old Fashioned
☐ Workable
☐ Big
☐ Will eat 15% of your 1TB hard drive
☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it
☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data
-{ Difficulty }-
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
-{ Grind }-
☑ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
-{ Story }-
☑ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
-{ Game Time }-
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☑ Average
☐ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond
-{ Price }-
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
-{ Bugs }-
☑ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
-{ ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☑ 7
☐ 8
☐ 9
☐ 10
-{ Author }-
☑
I killed a baby with a baseball bat and I sold his remains. 10/10
No como un juego ser de terror y goofy a la vez, ahora
Endless content
que rico
Single-player sucks and hosting a game is only fun when you have friends. And I wish the monsters, including the gnomes, wouldn't be able to destroy your stuff if it's already in the extraction zone, like gawd damn bro I'm only one player I can't keep track of everything to make sure it doesn't get damaged. (Edit: Ah it's alright after a certain amount of levels lol)
Amazing game to play with a crew / gra do pogrania z (ENG/PL)
cum
Better company
ugh my gerk it is everywhere
Its def a fun little game but two things really suck, no server browser and no ultrawide support.
Storybots vs lethal warning
fun game nobody to play with
Juego cooperativo muy divertido. 10/10
i like this
W game, Got gifted the game but its a w.
Um otimo jogo divertido e da pra jogar com muitos amigos
very good
Very good game I like to play with my friend gg guys
JUEGO DEL
ssssss
e bom
100% recommended, fanastically fun with friends
es muy pero muy bueno
k
yes this game is goated
clown frog is public enemy number 1
everyone else i cool though
10/10 cannot recommend enough
NO HE PODIDO PARAR DE LLORAR DE LA RISA
goated
Gostaria de contar a minha nesse jogo, mas para isso precisaremos de um pouco de contexto.
Eu e os meus amigos adoramos jogar esses jogos cooperativos e idiotas que custam 30 reais e duram 2 dias. Na semana passada jogando Pic-Me, quando um desses meus amigos, o Cara de Cachorro (nome desistiu do jogo no meio da partida e pediu reembolso do mesmo, falando que era um jogo muito lixo. O clima no lobby ficou ruim e gerou muita entre os companheiros todos comendo merda juntos, por que ele parou?). Apesar dos pesares continuamos jogando com um a menos e deixamos o assunto para
Durante a semana, esse mesmo amigo ficou muito animado para jogar R.E.P.O, ele ficou se divertindo assistindo o jogo nas lives do Alanzoka, Minerva etc (aprendendo o sobre o jogo e sabotando a sem nem perceber). Quando finalmente chegou o fim de semana, o Discord estava mais vazio que o normal e de um jogo para aproveitar o nosso de combagem, decidimos comprar o tal R.E.P.O. Esse foi nosso pior erro.
quatro. O Cara de Cachorro ficou muito animado, com rabinho e tudo, mas tudo foi por abaixo.
Um outro amigo que estava jogando com a gente, Pior Ser Humano (nome apresentou uma gameplay deveras duvidosa, morrendo toda hora, parecendo que havia entendido os controles do jogo. tudo bem, nada que ele tivesse feito em diversos outros jogos. Por outro lado, o Cara de Cachorro estava muito ocupado na vida real, saiu para receber um lanche e ficou 20 minutos AFK e, quando voltou, falou que ia comer e passou mais 10 comendo, isso tudo enquanto mastigava no microfone e dava "call" no Discord sobre o que fazer (afinal, ele tinha toda a das lives dos streamers renomados que ele havia assistido).
Foi que reparamos que o Pior Ser Humano estava mais no jogo. Queda? Infelizmente, Ele se retirou da partida e alegou que o jogo era lixo demais para ele, e, seguindo o exemplo do Cara de Cachorro, pediu reembolso. O Discord virou um campo de batalha.
O argumento de Cara de Cachorro que o Pior Ser Humano fez de que ele jogou de vontade e aguardou o tempo de maneira mesquinha para se vingar e fazer cena.
O argumento do Pior Ser Humano que ele realmente gostou do jogo, e que fez nada que o Cara de Cachorro tenha feito antes, e que motivo para ele ficar estressado.
Foi a vez que eu falei com o Cara de Cachorro. Suas palavras foram me chamem para jogar mais nada, AUUUUUUUUUUUUUU".
O Pior Ser Humano alega hoje que realmente gostou do jogo e jura de junto que estava na vontade. Eu sei se acredito, mas, de fato, ele repetiu o ato do nosso amigo. Quem sou eu para
10/10 faria tudo de novo (pedi reembolso
its just good
/
wWWWw
i like genades in the shop
IM SO ADDICTED
10/10 would play again
amazing fun game, just got it today for me, my bf and my brother. we played for a solid 5.6 hours and it was never boring, we were laughing 24/7. amazing game i 10/10 recommend! I am planing on getting more friends to play with me too :)
I love the game! a lot of fun with friends. Hopefully they had public lobbies for the people who have a lot of friends!
Game was insanely fun to play with my friends. The 6 player limit is nice since my friend group is mostly 5 other people makes this great when wanting to play cooperatively. Most our fun thus far is in both messing with the physics and the text to speech. 10/10!
Side Note: I've seen the devs ask the community for update ideas but as for update suggestions, I guess a good starting place would in fact be what everyone is suggesting currently (as of v0.1.2) with finding a good anti-cheat system that can allow us to mod our games without being punished for it.
As for an idea towards progression, there could be cosmetics as well as map unlocks the further/longer the player(s) survive. Like unlocking a random hat on every 2 levels and then unlocking a new map every 3 to 4 levels survived. It would add more replay value based on gameplay.
better than lethal company
"I saw the hat man! and joe biden! and survived!"
-me, after a particularly perilous encounter while attempting to revive my friend.
GREAT GAME
Franchement excellent On prend un Lethal Company et on le rend mieux avec des uniques en son genre, bref foncez
juegazo, risas aseguradas
fun
nao sei se gostei
awesomesauce!
Absolutely hilarious and scary at the same time. I love the lil characters and the way their heads fly open when you talk in game. My friends and I play it all the time!
game is good!
Very fun to play with friends, I hurt myself from laughing so hard
So fun to play with a group of friends, Loot & try not to break everything
Repo but repo
YIPPEEEE!
love love love
yes
The amount of hate crimes I've committed and was a victim of is unholy.
Sim
Belle de jeux et marrant
I was bullied into playing the game by my friends and the same two motherfuckers didn't even invite me into the game for real </3
scary
Ptit banger
very good very nice
W
This game has the joys and adrenaline I had with Lethal Company but in a whole new light! It's a refreshing take on gathering valuables and surviving the bad guys and making it back to base. Seriously, you don't need to double think on buying this game, just make sure you enjoy this with someone else. The more players or friends you have, the more laughs you'll create and more <3
Excellent
Goated
"Alone, we are nothing. But, together, we are R.E.P.O." -taxman
Lo mejor que han pedido ver mis ojos. 10/10
I love playing this game with my buddies. Only issue, is any time anyone else hosts, I get disconnected with the error code "exception" and it happens without fail. I can only play if I'm the host.
The game is a 10/10, just don't understand why that happens, and if we could figure that out it'd be great.
Average REPO enjoyer
so good, i dont have friends though so im stuck solo
obra
terrifyingly funny if only it was a little more murky.
PICK UP FRIEND THROW FRIEND IN HOLE
Its only fun with people do not get if you are a solo person.
thisd game so good
lethal company if it was good
can say anything = gud
Played for 4 hours with 2 other people and was laughing hard almost the entire time. Exploded myself on my own mine trying to pick it up and watched my brother yeet a rubber duck down a hallway causing another massive explosion and killing both a monster and himself, absolutely A+ game.
Edited to add: Over 20 hours now and still having a fantastic time. Yeah you'll die a lot, sometimes due to game bugs-the game is still in early access after all-but if you're having fun with your friends who even cares!
I heard my friend, who screams like Tom in Tom and Jerry, from the next room over get eviscerated by some clown that shoots lasers. 10/10
just straight up better lethal company and its kinda spooky. easy to pick up but hard to solo i'd say
kk
very good yaes
FUN
Hilarious good soup
Re
Muy buen juego para jugar solo o con amigos.
WAY better than lethal company
yes.
funny as hell with friend
this game is awesome
gooddddddddddddd
Nice new game with friends.
Such a fun game. Its insane to have all my friends just yelling and then trying to keep quiet because a monster is nearby
Yes
Little baby was running around destroying all our treasure we took the kid and slammed him into a wall.
We then got jumped by a robe with a spooky face everyone died.
10/10
ALOT of fun just like "great asset game" just a lil more goofey
You can flush people down the toilet 10/10
this game is hilarious
they really re my po
ta bueno
Great for a party of six, with spooky moments that are more fun when shared. Collecting items can be tedious, especially if mishandling them lowers their value, but it adds to the challenge. The game stays you break everything by being careless. then you lost.
Hilarious but need friends to play with
Qvack qvack laughter fest
:)
lethal company but good
jogo massa dms
Hilarant
peak
Please don't let that stupid emoji fool you.
Amazing game!
Looking forward to further updates!
it made me cry laugh so hard my stomach started hurting
Diese Gut. Kopf Wackelt lustig
Incroyable jeu, entre amis. on se tape des barres en gros.
si no lo juegas con 5 amigos no lo estas jugando realmente
When it comes to reviewing games, I normally write out a full review covering everything that I liked and disliked and all that, but honestly I don't feel like this is the kind of game where that applies. All you need to know is it's an incredibly fun multiplayer horror game inspired by Lethal Company, although I'd personally argue the gameplay loop to be more enjoyable. There's a larger variety of maps, the monsters are even more exaggerated and wild than other games of it's kind, and the game's physics engine and items honestly allow for an incredibly enjoyable time that stays more enjoyable for a longer period of time compared to Lethal Company or Content Warning. I can't speak on the singleplayer side of things, but if you have a couple of friends who can get together to play something, I'd definitely recommend this.
Melhor do que estava espera honestamente, comprei porque os meus amigos estavam a jogar ,e ate agora zero arrependimentos recomendo
thuggage
This game low key got me rolling on how much i was laughing. You gotta play this game with your friends, they'll love it. and also its low key scary at times got me shook. If i was to rate this game id give it a 8/10 AND its still in its early phases.
Bom.
nyet loysa
JOPA
Yes.
good one
Super fun $10 game to play with your friends, not so much if you want it on your own, but if you enjoyed Lethal Company you'll like this game and probably get some good laughs out of it!
good game
this game great for people who like lethal company and are masochists
Fun
1939 1945
this is such a funny game in all aspects
Shit yourself. Right now!
lgl tacar granadas no seus amiguinhos
I lofe gam
Nagyon fasza game
You can say the n word in the chat, GOATED
FIRE
Its a good game I just wish you can make a party in game so you don't have to play with steam friends. I don't got friends
Serve the tax man
[h1] [/h1]
[i] Pain Versus Experience 6 [/i]
Lethal Company R.E.P.O.
3-4
canadian lethal company
This game is so good. the game by itself is a blast, but throw in the chaos of friends and it so much better. the levels are fun and the monsters add a good challenge to the game. i see a lot of great potential for this game and i cant wait.
fun
Gra jest zajebista, pozdrawiam TRRRRRRRRT
es ist Gut aber ich habe bei einer Map ein Fehler Gefunden wen man Rutscht Und den auf die Treppe Fliegt man durch und man ist der Karte
Funny loot game, 10/10
not bad
Lethal Company. 10/10
Not as good as Maplestory, but it's aight
Honestly, I like this more than any other "horror" game.
You can die like a looser too and have fun
pa jugar con amigos es un juego excenlente, ya sea para pasar un momento de susto o renegar con tus por cualquier burrada que hagan
BOM
sympa
fun ah game wit frens
jogo otimo mas em minha opiniao tinha que ter severlist
It will make you hoot and holler
Very fun to play with friends
Stell dir vor, du bist ein Weltraum-Inkasso-Agent. Dein Job? Eintreiben von Schulden. Aber nicht einfach so mit Mahnbriefen nein, du musst mit einem riesigen, rostigen Raumschiff durch die Galaxie um Aliens, durchgeknallte Roboter und zwielichtige Space-Gangster zur Kasse zu bitten. Willkommen bei R.E.P.O, dem wohl absurdesten Schuldeneintreiber-Simulator des Universums!
Fazit: R.E.P.O ist ein wilder Ritt durch die absurdesten des Universums. Wer eine Mischung aus Chaos, Humor und Sci-Fi-Action sucht, sollte seine Schulden begleichen ich meine, sich das Spiel schnappen!
Rezept ultra-saftige Schoko-Bananen-Muffins
Zutaten ca. 12 Muffins):
2 reife Bananen (je matschiger, desto besser!)
150 g Mehl
50 g Kakao
100 g Zucker
1 TL Backpulver
TL Natron
1 Prise Salz
1 Ei
80 ml (z. B.
100 ml Milch oder Pflanzendrink
100 g
Zubereitung:
Backofen auf (Ober-/Unterhitze) vorheizen und ein Muffinblech mit auslegen.
Die Bananen in einer mit einer Gabel bis sie breiig sind.
Das Ei, und die Milch zur Banane geben und gut
In einer zweiten Mehl, Kakao, Zucker, Backpulver, Natron und Salz vermischen.
Die trockenen Zutaten zu den feuchten geben und kurz (!) nicht zu lange, sonst werden die Muffins hart.
unterheben und den Teig auf die verteilen.
Ab in den Ofen ca. 18-20 Minuten! nicht vergessen: Wenn kein roher Teig mehr klebt, sind sie fertig.
Aus dem Ofen nehmen, lassen und
So far have played this every day, this is a great mix between scary and funny. This game definitely made me lock in which never happens. Definitely worth the money, I cant wait for more updates.
TTS 2 saat mal gibi oyun
<3
I can yeeeet goblins on the wall
10/10
very good and scary had a blast whith my cousion 5 stars
Even tho its less scary, its simply better then the competition, more depth of features. And its gunna get updates 9/10.
Jugar con amigo, es muchisimo mejor
Good game,but if you give option for save lvl it will be better Me and my friends want to lose all progress
c
quite fun and quite funny one of my friends got killed in the middle of talking and i was literally crying it was hilarious
Pmo
Utterly amazing
One of the most fun games I've ever played. Excellent game for friendly shenanigans 10/10
fun game tbh just try it lol
So far this game is hilarious i have been streaming this game with friends and we are having a blast even with rando's from discord who want to grief us by screening in the mic because we flush them in the toilet or bonk them with the cart i can't wait until they add premade lobbies and the dev's are really cool on the discord and ask for feedback it doesnt break the wallet to buy the game so give it a try by yourself or with friends .and if you need a friend just add me i'm always down to clown
i want cosmetics
very fun with friends. in my case it isn't plural.
4 1
That guy with a shotgun is something else.
Just got this game, my friend @shadokirby gifted to me and some others. Thought it looked decent, but I was beyond shocked.
LET ME TELL YOU.
- This game has room for tons of lore
- 5 players
- Great fun artstyle
- Seemingly post apocalyptic
- Monster variety! PLUS YOU CAN ACTUALLY DEFEND YOURSELF FROM THEM
- Character upgrades i.e.(Double jump, Speed, strength) etc.
- Team comp
- Guns, swords, plushies, blasters
For no content updates yet? ITS WORTH EVERY PENNY.
I'M GOING TO BE HOOKED FOR A WHILE. LET ME TELL YOU THAT MUCH.
this game is so fun, not very scary in a good way, the more people the better :)
fun as hell
I would recommend to anyone, who wants to play with their friends have some fun
very fun game with your friends to be played and a lot better than lethal company especially the physics like the items breaking.
peido fedido
CHAOS AND HILARIOUS WITH FRIENDS
yes
This is a solid game for its price, easily able to get a good amount of hours of fun and laughter. It stacks up well to its competitors of the same genre, offering a different and enjoyable twist. All i wish is that there was something to do when you die, even if its just moving around as an object. In all of these games it can get boring waiting for your team to finish up so you can get back to playing. it would be great to mess around or be slightly useful/useless to the team while you're dead and waiting. This is really the only issue i have with games in the same category.
CLOWN NEEDS TO BE REMOVED ABSOLUTE TRASH CONCEPT CAMPING AND NOT FOLLOWING PEOPLE STANDING RIGHT NEXT TO IT CRINGE
the best way I can describe this game is ; Lethal Company but Better!
Like It :P
Si te gustan los la estrategia y poner a prueba tu paciencia con que "juran que lo que este es tu juego. Solo recuerda: ganar no es tan importante como y sobrevivir no es tan importante como cuando todo sale mal.
10/10 - Recomendado si quieres risas, caos y una amistad a prueba de fuego (o no).
Only 2 minutes in and my friends and I already dead cause we couldn't stop laughing )
Definitely give it a try u won't regret it :D
hard like my dick
amazing game, i would recommend having some friends makes it even funnier. very funny and active game
terrible
Good Game!
jogo bao cus zamigo
Dieses Spiel hat mir neue Perspektiven gezeigt, wie man Geld verdienen kann (Hausfriedensbruch und Diebstahl) und das gemeinsam mit seinen Freunden.
Es gibt coole Wesen, die mit dir zusammenarbeiten, indem sie dich jagen und
Sooooooo, mir nichts mehr ein, das Spiel ist einfach geil.
ihr wissen!
So many ways for your extraction to go wrong.
with the right people its a goofy and fun time, dont take it too hard and enjoy the journey.
I think there could be a better sense of progress and fun, like customization would be cool. like hats and stuff to make people want to play more and collect them. like in. lethal company we get to customize the ship and our suits, it would be nice to have something like that here ^_^
pretty fun game to play with your friends cant wait to see what the devs have for this game in the future
Entertaining, play with friends, the in game voice modifiers and sound is perfect for this game, and some of the best part of the experience
GG
Absolutely love this game and just wish I would have gotten it sooner!
yes
tremendo juego para las risas y los susto, el problema es que si o si debes tener amigos y el segundo poblema son tus amigos que no saben llevar algo sin romperlo, y el puto jubilado del orto
Yeah it's pretty decent in my opinion
Lethal Company 10/10
Rotate
chat, is this real?
le lobby est plus fun que le jeu 10/10 la commande vocal est insane. apres 52 nword les discutions deviennent profondes et interessantes avec tes bros. au fond discord ne sert plus a rien.
QUITTEZ TOUS VOS LOGICIEL NUL POUR COMMUNIQUER ET PASSER SUR REPO
mis a part ca le jeu est fun et les monstre diversifie pour le peut de tps que jai jouer.
( actuellement a 5h de jeu dont 1h30 a prendre du fun dans le lobby avec la commande vocal )
achetez ce jeu qui est tout aussi fun voir meme plus que lethal ou content warning
je recommande et retourne parler de philosophie avec une voix robotique
( je vous retient au jus quand je suis a 50h de jeu )
zabawa w kilka co prawda w 3 osoby a gra oferuje do 6 ale mimo wszystko i nie zachwyca ale i zabawnych sytuacji jest ogromna. Bardzo dawno w grze nie tak dobrze jak w R.E.P.O.
but needs pubilic servers
incredible game full of chaos
parece q no pero es super entretenido
quota get yes
30
really fun game, really good game mechanics
MUY BUENO
gut gut impostorem
so sigma!
skibidi sigma super explosive emotional scary
DAYININ
funniest videogame ive ever played, no debate.
Lethal Company
2
peak game
this game made my neighbors call the cops due to my screams. 10/10 would explain to the cops again
this game is extremely funny, loving playing this game with friends.
Would absaloutely recommend for people with large friend groups up to 6!
Has my friends and i laughing but also scared with things all in the same game super fun.
What he said ^
yjhvekmyj
this game is bigger than caseoh. its a good game PLAY NOW! EDIT: BUT GUYS REALLY YOU SHOULD PLAY THIS GAME BIG THANKS TO THE DEVS. and devs please add a better chase theme or make it more intense.
+
game is super fun and well made, its polished and has so many nice little details. good for how cheap it is too
very fun
Do you have friends? If yes then you and your friends should get this game. It is highly addictive and it will create many situations for you and the gang to laugh about.
Mejor que el lethal, sinceramente. Espero que le agreguen mas mods al thunder!
wonderful game thats a bit chaotic and fun for a group no matter the size while managing to also be somewhat difficult
Fuckin Awesome Game!
please MAKE IT SO MONSTERS CAN HEAR US!
IT WOULD MAKE IT SO MUCH MORE INTENSE WHEN MONSTERS MEET PLAYERS, THE SILENCE, THE FEAR OF NOT KNOWING WHOS ALIVE, IT WOULD MAKE IT MUCH MORE SCARY SO PLEASE CONSIDER THIS. IM SURE SOME PEOPLE FEEL THE SAME!
i like it when the smoke man kidnaps me
Kycling fan
based
LOVE ITTTT
i like the part where you can become a skibidi toilet
divertido con amigos
amazing and easy to install mods
It's just not fun in its current state. Out of my 2.3 hrs "played", I think I've only actually played for about 10 minutes. One time I opened a door in the first 2 minutes of the game, only for one of those shotgun guys to blast me into oblivion.
It definitely has potential, but items break too easily, you move way too slow, enemies are too strong without much counter, and if you die (which you definitely will), you will be spectating for ages because there is no time limit. I actually found myself playing a different game while I was spectating because I had literally been spectating for 20 minutes at that point.
If you absolutely want to play a game like this, just stick with Lethal Company. I hope the devs listen to the feedback, because I feel like there is a good time to be had here, but it just doesn't work for me at the moment.
Heute gekauft und extrem zufrieden
if you die, or should ALL the team die, its game over, fail, back to nothing.
everything in the map, can kill you in one shot, follow and sabotage, and basically, make things harder for you, making it impossible to make the current quota/s, which, really makes it hard for noobies to really get a grasp of the game, since tutorial isnt all that great.
even on the first map, your already faced with enemies that can or will one shot you, putting you back at nothing. you can HIDE? from most enemies, but if you spawn in the wrong enemies, such as gnomes, if they cant find you, they'll go and find your loot crate/box and break everything inside, or some enemies will camp in a corner, waiting for you or kill your other teammates.
on maps, theres only a certain amount of items that spawns, and if you end up breaking or lowering the value, youll easily miss the quota/s. some of the items require the TEAM, to pick up, and if you dont have one or, if they all died, or if you dont have the required stats? well, good luck.
theres ALOT, of motion sickness (swaying) in this game, even when lowering most of the camera moving to 0 or disabled, its still there, so youll have to install MODS, just to make it bearable, sorry if your prone to motion sickness, the game isnt for you, just stick to headliners or lethal company.
overall, this game might? be fun with friends? but thats IF, they dont mind the motion sickness or how quickly you can and will die.
Lack of balance. Very easy to get stuck and trapped behind endlessly respawning enemies.
Le jeu est incroyable, j'ai pas d'heure dessus pour le moment mais je l'amuse comme un petit fou
Si je dois donner un mauvais c'est le fait c'est que je n'ai pas trouver de serveur pour jouer avec des "inconnus" si on est solo. On est d'avoir des connaissances qui on le jeu et
i broke a ring she got really mad and now im single
bello
Actually great and fun game! I have yet to play with friends to experience the sillyness, but so far playing solo has been great!
Once you get the upgrades and get to know how the enemies work it gets easier (and more fun imo)!
And once you get the gun and enough strenght to lift most of the monsters, well. the hunter becomes the hunted >:)
10/10
Bom, jogo pra ser jogados com amigos obvio bem e por incrivel que bem otimizado, recomendo demais comprarem tenho certeza que tirar muitas risadas jogando essa prr ai kkkkkkkkkk. o jogo em si tem muitos mapas conta com 3 ou 4 mas o jogo recente provavelmente vai ter mais updates sobre
:D
Very fun but must have friends not a solo game and no way to play with randoms. With friends the game is funny and scary abit.
Fun if you have friends
Simplemente maravilloso
Is fun.
its so funny but servers really very bad i playing with groups all of us ping above 200 we tried change the host but its from the game servers so i hope they fix as pissble they can
Hola quien quiere jugar unas partidas de r.e.p.o
I've only played this game one time so far, but it's already one of my favorite games. Amazing horror, amazing laughs, amazing gameplay, unique mechanics. 11/10.
The muppets vs SCP
My friend has trauma from the duck.
10/10
its like fortnite but without the cranking 90's and getting raped
bello
4 hodiny sme mali pri tejto hre. par eur, to za to.
Do you have any ibuprofen? I got eaten by a floating head.
daad
Really great had a hard finding a good game now days but this awesome
Super fun to play with friends! Lots of crazy stuff can happens that results in good laughs
pretty fun
i love the way the game is like lethal company, but sucks since you need friends to play and no match making.
Produto surreal, monstros assustadores e outros disso ele consegue fazer uma coisa que poucos jogos de terror conseguem,que e mesclar com tanta profissionalidade o terror do humor NOTA 10/10
I got this game purely off of watching Grizzy, ElasticDroid, Smii7y, blarg, Pezzy, and Puffer. I REALLY want to play it! But it does not currently have a lobby system, which means you have to know people who already have the game in order to play in groups. And not many people I know have it or are interested in it. That's the only detracting feature for me, is that multi-player is so restricted.
I'm keeping my hopes up for a lobby system sometime in the very near future, and I hope by then interest in this game is still going strong!
immaculate vibes all around with da boys
cheap knock off for streamers, boring as fuck
hilarious co-op horror
cicko je cierny
Just buy it bro
kaif
cambiano due cosette ma uguale ad un altro paio di titoli conosciuti. solita solfa che se perdi ricominci tutto da capo e perdi il loadout. fin quando non metterrano dei checkpoint per non perdere tutto quando perdi una volta, non lo
LOVE it
You are the bad guy in this game, you are litterally taxing poor innocent citizens if I was them I would also try to kill that taxing robot
BIG HOT MEN
muq
Sehr lustig!
this game is to fire its just a better lethal company in every way
jebingos
Srovnal bych to s hrou lethal company. Za par euro dost prdel s kamarady. Smich, plac, vztek i lekacky, za me paradni hra s prateli!
5
if i see one more person break another plate im gonna do bad things
10 10
Very funny
lethal company 1.5
muito bom, fui avisar que precisava de ajuda pra carregar um servidor e tomei um capa no scope de um idoso 10/10
muy buen juego 10/10
BEST GAME EVER
I LOVE TO PLAY DIS GAME WHItf MY FRENDS
My name is Walter Hartwell White. I live at 308 Negra Arroyo Lane, Albuquerque, New Mexico, 87104. This is my confession. If you're watching this tape, I'm probably dead, murdered by my brother-in-law Hank Schrader. Hank has been building a meth empire for over a year now and using me as his chemist. Shortly after my 50th birthday, Hank came to me with a rather, shocking proposition. He asked that I use my chemistry knowledge to cook methamphetamine, which he would then sell using his connections in the drug world. Connections that he made through his career with the DEA. I was. astounded, I. I always thought that Hank was a very moral man and I was. thrown, confused, but I was also particularly vulnerable at the time, something he knew and took advantage of. I was reeling from a cancer diagnosis that was poised to bankrupt my family. Hank took me on a ride along, and showed me just how much money even a small meth operation could make. And I was weak. I didn't want my family to go into financial ruin so I agreed. Every day, I think back at that moment with regret. I quickly realized that I was in way over my head, and Hank had a partner, a man named Gustavo Fring, a businessman. Hank essentially sold me into servitude to this man, and when I tried to quit, Fring threatened my family. I didn't know where to turn.
Eventually, Hank and Fring had a falling out. From what I can gather, Hank was always pushing for a greater share of the business, to which Fring flatly refused to give him, and things escalated. Fring was able to arrange, uh I guess I guess you call it a "hit" on my brother-in-law, and failed, but Hank was seriously injured, and I wound up paying his medical bills which amounted to a little over $177,000. Upon recovery, Hank was bent on revenge, working with a man named Hector Salamanca, he plotted to kill Fring, and did so. In fact, the bomb that he used was built by me, and he gave me no option in it. I have often contemplated suicide, but I'm a coward. I wanted to go to the police, but I was frightened. Hank had risen in the ranks to become the head of the Albuquerque DEA, and about that time, to keep me in line, he took my children from me. For 3 months he kept them. My wife, who up until that point, had no idea of my criminal activities, was horrified to learn what I had done, why Hank had taken our children. We were scared. I was in Hell, I hated myself for what I had brought upon my family. Recently, I tried once again to quit, to end this nightmare, and in response, he gave me this. I can't take this anymore. I live in fear every day that Hank will kill me, or worse, hurt my family. I. All I could think to do was to make this video in hope that the world will finally see this man, for what he really is.
When I originally saw the thumbnail for this game I thought it was going to be some stupid asset flip game, but the next day it was in my discovery queue and I would like to say this game is so dumb (in the good way) its hilarious. I can't wait for my stuff to be added
jeu banger SAUF quand un de vos potes vous demande d'acheter pour au final NE PAS y jouer (merci A) cependant le jeu a ses mais une de mob est attendu pour ma part dans des futurs majs
Its a very fun game for how cheap it is. A lot of content and a lot of fun ways to interact with friends.
fun with the lads
Everything kills me instantly befor i have a clue whats going on
money well spent / 10
funny. my frind kept hitting me with the cart and that was funny, i hate him btw. some big ahh lady kept screaming at me and diddled me, not complaining though. some BITCH with swords for arms kept fuckin up our damn cart and devaluing our quota. yea overall good game. HIGHLY recommend. (also fuck you teddy chan for swaying that cart everywhere and kept hitting me)
Odeio cego
fhf
my friends are all retards
-abro o jogo com mais 3 amigos
-iniciamos uma partida
-chegamos em um laboratorio abandonado
-atropelo eles com o carrinho
-eles rolam por cima de uma porta chegando em outro comodo
-o outro comodo tinha um penhasco
-eles continuam rolando e morrem em queda livre
-eu fico sozinho e sou devorado por guinomos
resumo de tudo, melhor jogo de todos
My friend picked up a cute duck. My friend's dead now. 10/10 he would do it again!
sigma sigma sigma sigma game, 100 percent play this great game
Zusammen mit Freunden, ist diese Spiel unglaublich lustig.
bon jeux d'horreur, mais aussi
It be fun
Honestly, it's better than Lethal Company. Character design is top notch and adds so much to the games charm. Monsters are absolutely hilarious and the maps are great. I have really high hopes for the future of this game!
Little goofy haha
10/10
Changed our friends voice as he was vomiting all over us, 10/10
yes
Very unserious, 10/10
Hilarious with friends
goty
Geiles Game!
Similar concept as other games but more interactive in my opinion, which gives it that extra point
Buenisimo
fun and good :D!
Love these horror games with crazy comedic timing
As someone who's easily spooked and therefore avoided most of these "group find/avoid the spooky monsties but with proximity chat" games, I legitimately love this game. It feels tense enough to actually feel suspenseful, but the monsters are goofy enough that I legitimately enjoy them (except that no-face lookin guy)!
Also, I'll admit the emoji branding has kinda grown on me. Fight me.
100
Awesome game makes for fun moments with friends!
Buen juego lo recomiendo :D
ta to wueno, nada mejor que gritar "Aguante bocaaaaaa" mientras te sigue un bicho to feo
Zajebiste, mozna kacxzki ruchac
Worth every penny. This game balances funny and scary perfectly. Though I think the devs should add more content because play sessions only last like an hour with my friends. 9/10
It's so fun playing with friends, plus there's no time time limit when collecting items and as much money as you want. The monsters are vary different from each other but also players are able to use some monsters to kill other monsters which is pretty cool.
Hem komik hem biz
buen juego, menos cuando te viene una cabeza gigante a por ti
10 10)
<wcx
Love this game. Very funny, very scary.
This has to be in the top 5 of best games to release with more than 4 players. This game is mad funny with friends. Highly recommended!
peak
Great game, you should probably play it with someone though, singleplayer is not the best
This game is amazing to play with friends and provides some of the biggest laughs ever. This is a lethal compagny with only the best
this game funny. got fucked by my friends carried to a large black man killed then revived
aguante vbokitA
i died to a massive floating head, 10/10
Very fun, you can bump friends and monsters, also bully them with many items. :D
I used a baseball bat to beat a clown frog to death before it shot me with it's gigantic laser. 10/10
Lethal Company successor. This game is comical as fuck.
very fun
500 2 40, 17
8 hours in and can honestly say this game is a lot of fun with friends! Such a silly and well thought out game. Can't wait for more updates.
such a nice game! i`d be really glad if the developers continue to make more new content. btw i have some ideas which i`d like to see in the future:
1. Revival: some kind of a device with a high price which you can buy in the shop for reviving your teammates. Revive 1 or 2 teammates per round with 1 HP instead of running around the map to find artefacts.
2. More different locations: I guess you will add some later anyway but there`s something i`d like: large steamship, hospital, some kind of forest, a cave, a church and an office.
3. Stamina recovery: maybe i got something wrong but there`s no way to increase the speed of stamina recovery. This is really necessary(in my opinion). Maybe one more type of packs we can buy in the shop( likee additional stamina/HP/strength pack) will be a solution.
Also, need to improve surround sound, sometimes it's very hard to tell where the monster's sound or a friend's voice is coming from.
Actually i have no ideas for new monsters but i`d enjoy any of the developers` ideas they would add in a game. THE GAME IS 10/10. I hope my review will be useful, thanks.
Garbage Game. Dying all the time without a way to fight against the monsters. 0/10 not even with friends it is fun
This game is incredibly fun and somehow makes me focus in more then when i play competitive games. Super funny and great with friends
Dev/s if you're reading this do NOT change the banner and do NOT remove the emoji; it is perfect, thank you! mwah mwah :sparkling_heart:
i shot myself with a shotgun, peak gameplay
Get rid of the weird emoji nonsense because nobody enjoys it, it's actively throwing people off of this game.
Game is extremely good and not just another lethal company clone, it's got a lot going for it which is best discovered by playing.
Just please god, get rid of the emoji nonsense. It's actively making this game look like a complete joke.
I'm not gonna lie, I absolutely judged a book by its cover with this game. I was like "oh a stupid laughing emoji, this game is a joke" but then i played it and was like wow this is a good time. So, the take away is this: ignore the stupid emoji, because the gameplay is fun.
Just needs a server browser.rather enjoyable but I don't have any friends that play it.
Moro for unga
FUN
OZON
very fun coop game :D hahahaha
fun game to play with friends, GAME NEEDS TO FIX THE SAVING SYSTEM, CANT SAVE MULTIPLAYER GAMES
iyi oyun
minha coisa favorita do jogo o patin de burrachi c:
poppy and hack
Lethal company vibes although I prefer Lethal Company over this.
yea
FUN
Pretty cool game uh yeah.
Chaotic fun game with a twist of making you wet your self with the jump scares
very fun even with randoms
)
This game is so much fun to play with friends!
yes and so much fun
Cute robot horror survival. much luv
10 10,
silly
Absolutely Chaotically Evil And Silly
me derrubaram no chao me pegaram e eu fui molestad0
nao curti
STORE CHAOS IS FUN
Muito divertido. Vale muito a pena.
got killed by a floating head because i called it ugly from under a table
Macht Extrem viel kann aber auch etwas frustrierend sein trotzdem spiele ich es sehr gerne
se puede decir
Poggers
Ce jeu pue la merde jouez content warning la vie
grandpa :(
10 10
Aprobado
Awesome and fun game to play with friends! 10/10
This Game makes lots of fun. I played it with my friends and we almost shit in our pants this game is so funny tbh
very funny very fun love it
Essentially Lethal Company, but with a lot more to it, it's super early access so as long as you're cool with repeating maps (although they are randomly generated so it's not terrible!) then you'll love it!
silly game
PLEASE ADD ABILITY TO PUT MODS!
more engaging level design and gameplay mechanics than Lethal Company
uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
Hilarious and genuinely fun. Game can only get better. Really hope to see more stuff added.
funny
1
muito divertido, sabem bem o publico deles e a detalhes que mostra o empenho deles no jogo
very fun in groups
you need friends to really play.
good stuff
Absolute cinema
fun
R.E.P.O.
R.E.P.O.
R.E.P.O.
R.E.P.O.
R.E.P.O.?
R.E.P.O.
R.E.P.O.
i don t have words to discribe this game. i love it
Lustigstes spiel auch nur mit den richtigen freunden
funny horror game +1
A refreshing take on the Lethal Company formula that DESERVES to be played with friends. If you enjoyed Lethal Company, this is even better.
i love the game it is fun.but it is more for people you have friends.i wish there was a way to join lobbies with other people
Nice
This is probably my favourite lethal-like currently, perhaps even above lethal (probably only because I've played it to my own boredom though). Great maps, great shopping system, great monsters and great sound track.
what are the storybots doin bruhhh
O Jogo e bom, o problema e que tem servidores para jogar com outras pessoas.
lethal company but 10x better
funny canadian robot
Si vous avez des potes c'est LE jeu
Absolute blast with friends, the text to speech is hilarious.
R.E.P.O
10/10
Sraight up goated
hilare
A super fun game. Kind of brushed it off at first, thinking it was another Lethal Company / Content warning kinda thing. While it is, it's a lot more enjoyable considering you have no time limit and you can fight back against everything you come across.
bum ass game
R.E.P.O C'est un jeu mourir de rire donc
Je crois bien avoir ce jeu.
me vs my ops except i'm wicked with a hammer
it's got the amazing horror of lethal company, with the super funny humor that content warning has. i also like the cart, and how you don't have to pick stuff up and make multiple trips to get quota.
Boring
surprisingly well made game
Awesome game with a surprisingly refined voice chat. Oh, and watch out for the blind guy. He's a real piece of s*
silly robots
pego dinheiro;
boto no carrinho;
meu amigo morre;
boto a no carrinho;
chega o bicho;
a me perseguir;
abandono o carrinho;
ele quebra tudo;
e perdemos.
10 10
banner aside this game is very fun and well put together with a great feeling progression
fuuny game XD
best way to lose friends. now im lonely );
very fun :)
11/10
rlly funny.
Much Fun
i likey
hey i also played your game with some friends, great game btw we had so much fun, but the one problem is that there isn't enough items. Now let me explain, whenever me and my friends reach the second half we die(not by choice), leaving one person to handle the work, and yeah they can't carry the heavy stuff on their own, so they search for small items. i was unfortunately last one left alive so from experience there was not enough items to make quota and revive my friends. So what if you make like secret floor board that hold hidden money bags, or a secret layer at the ceiling, it could help some players who are stuck with not enough quota left to fill
goty
preciso de amigos pra jogar
es un juego hecho para despollarte y desmembrarte del miedo
This is a very very fun game to play, i love that you're able to play it on a low-end pc and it works fantastic! very smooth. only problem is that(by which could just be a bug) is that whenever a game is saved I cant retrieve it back when I try to go back to it, it will show a saved game that doesn't even exist and isn't in my files. I hope the bug gets fixed soon or unless i'm the only one having this occurring problem then i haven't a clue on what to do.
yes
great game to play with your mates!
yeeee
al sat
simplesmente incrivel kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk que o jogo poderia ter na multiplayer ter salas publicas para quando a pessoa tiver para jogar ela ir no multiplayer que nem no lethal company
Good game
an absolute blast to play with friends. the in-game chat is great, and i feel like it shines when compared to other games of the same genre
really fun but your friends need to have it as public is not available yet
Goated game i havent laughed like that for a long time!
watch out im carrying a vas- nvm.
This shit made me hard
gud
why does the old man have such good aim?
def fun playing with friends in multiplayer played single player a bit kind a wish there a life thing for single player get rid of the player upgrade thingy for the map and add a 2nd chance upgrade in the store for only single player.
i gooned so much on this game
A jouer en groupe, de la peur et surtout beaucoup de rire
REGE
10/10
le falta sexo
Very funny with friends. They should make a peaceful mode like in minecraft where you cant die and just move things around. good game.
The shop is scarier than the actual game
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
this game is a blast
R.E.P.O Lethal Company,
Repo
-
-
-
Le jeux est vraiment insane entre pote sa vaut largement le prix
(Merci bebou de me l'avoir acheter )
"Kaczko jeszcze przyjdzie?" - po wielkiej tragedi
"Hau." - randomowe szczekanie
This Shit Is Hella Funny. 10/10
incroyablement
Don't play if its just two people. Game will pretty much not be as fun as with 3+ friends. Steam also didn't refund me since my time exceeded 2 hours which is dumb, I was trying the game out sincerely. Sucks, but they must acquire their money somehow.
joguei esse jogo e me caguei de medo
joguei esse jogo com 2 amigos e me caguei de rir
10/10
Fun game! Great to play with friends but its quite hard to play alone.
sou molestado a cada porta que eu abro mas ainda muito bom
THIS GAME IS SO FLIPPING GOOD AND REALLY REALLY SCARY LIKE IT MADE ME START CRYING LIKE WAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Content Warning und Lethal Company Autisten. Perfekt mich
Lo mejor es dormir al monstruo y meterle de tajos con la espada
i love the game but what if you add hats like a pumpking hat?
scary. pants shitted in
Peak fiction.
es muy muy bueno sin duda magnifico para amigos waoooO
Game is insanely funny with friends, and reasonably difficult, overall really cool game!
Awsome game needs controls for controller
very fun
Loving it, have thee copies so far to play with he kids, if they all decide they want to play we will need 6 licenses. Great fun game, keep the updates and expansions coming and take my money :-p
i just love bullying my friends
you can tk your friends by yelling into the mic, 10/10
Great game
Very fun game to play with your friends, don't regret buying it
banger
xd
The game is in early access so unless you have like 3 friends to play with i wouldn't get it yet. there isnt random lobbies or servers rn only friends only. suggest waiting until they fix whatever they say is wrong and server selection is back. but i see how its fun with more people but can only play with the friends who have it rn so its not enjoyable
10/10 would by again
LETS START THIS OFF RIGHT
CHANGE THE BANNER IMAGE FOR THE GAME
this game is great, ive had alot of fun in the short time I have played, I cried with laughter the first 3 minutes into the match.
THE TALKING HEADS, THE SHRINKING BODIES, THE PHYSICS, overall hilarious for just coming out.
When everyone is being loud, a monster comes, everyone hides and hits you with the side eye out of fear, hilarious. 10/10
ES UN MUY BUEN JUEGO
10 10
10 10
le gameplay est et l'ambiance flippante est biens reussi. Cependant, il est de avec des amis car tout seul, on s'ennuie beacoup
Love this game
gud game
Never seen my friend group fight the way we were when we were trying to move an ice blocked skeleton out of the level onto the extraction platform. Each person is insisting to twist it one way or the other. One person let go. Lost 3100 value. The door behind him opens and a guy with a shotgun just blasts his head off.
10/10
MEAT
Fun asf
GOTY
gud game
Avec d'autres personnes ce jeu est une
Game is lit
fun tyime
Um jogo muito para se jogar com os amigos, diferentes mapas, monstros e vai se tornando conforme vai sentir raiva, felicidade e tristeza. Joguem! Esse jogo realmente vale a pena.
peak gra
This is amazing
goty
MUITO FODA!
6 10 10
es super divertido
Fun, Cheap!
repo fun
fun
kj
funni tts
Absolute cinema
DARIUS SHOULD BE ADDED
10 10
Fun mechanics, hilarious character animations and completely chaotic moments. Buy it to hate your friends and their incompetence.
It's old-school fun. This game doesn't care about $20 skins, voice monitoring, high-quality graphics, or making this game as easy as can be with a tutorial that shows you how to do everything so literally a rat could play the game. This game only accomplishes one goal: having fun with your friends. It reminds me of when games were good, when you could say what you wanted, and everyone didn't have a unicorn killer clown or Aztec dinosaur skin. Highly recommend. If you need people to play with, make a discussion post, and people will join. Reminds me of the old COD Zombies days.
Muito nesse tem uma variedade de item e bicho bem decente. Se continuarem atualizando o jogo vai ficar ainda.
Amazing game, want more player slots, play with friends.
If only there was thirdperson. Anyways gud game.
All of my horrifying and funny experiences come from the huntsman and the clown. best enemys ever.
?
sooo fun
yeah this game is pretty poggers
Not worth
good game fun a little bit like lethal company but also not alike. so if you like cartoony horror i enjoy this so if you have friends then get it now if you dont atleast wait for the next update beacuse there is no online co-op yet with random. But will add it to the next update. but you should get it
good
really good game
Type shit
goty del
For being such a new and buggy game, it is absolutely amazing. Honestly, the best horror game I've ever played.
Would absolutely recommend buying
I like it more than Phasmophobia, really fun with friends.
Jeu vraiment marrant entre potes Je compte plus le nombre de fois j'ai ris
GOD
10/10 Game, It's fun when you have the right people to play with. You should get it
The game is already very fun playing with friends. Foundations are already very good and it shows a lot of potential!
ahahhahahaahhahhaahahahahhaahhahahaahahahahahahahahhahaahahahahahhahahahhahahahahahahhahahahahahahaah
young fly on the track
Walk grab Get paid then die repeat but sometimes no pay and die.
Although it's very similar to Lethal Company, R.E.P.O feels distinctive enough to where both have their own appealing features and drawbacks.
NOTE: The game icon is soooo UGLY!
ok
don't touch the rubber ducky
Side task: Making money
Main task: Obliterating your friends by launching them into enemies
Top tier game.
low key ass game
best horror co op game ever!
maka paka
Careful, SpongeBob. Careful, SpongeBob. SpongeBob, careful. Careful, SpongeBob! Careful, SpongeBob!
was a burden to my friends in lethal company and now im (slightly) less of a liability bec i can get revived! yay
its a very funny game to play with friends. a bit scary but you get used to it hahaha
fun
divertido bem feito vale a pena
yes
fun
LOVE THE ATTIC IN THE SHOP
1
Funny ass game.
Fiquei com dor de de tanto dar risada jogando com meus amigos essa porra aqui, recomendo pra krl
Wenn du nicht gerade von einem Mutanten gefickt wirst dann kommt donald duck auf steroiden und dir die eier ab nur zu empfehlen wenn man freunde hat
gg juego el goty gg ff dea dea endeah xdxdxdxdxdxdxdxdxdxdxdxd dea
This game fire
repo is ong the best multiplayer horror ive ever witnessed
top
polecam
Generally not a huge fan of this style game. But in one run my buddy ended up dying. I stunned the enemy that killed him and beat the enemy to death with my buddies corpse. 10/10
very very good
Fantastic game, 10000/10. The in-game text chat and the character animations make it even a step above what the game needed, and the gameplay is so polished for early access.
passei a madrugada inteira jogando com meus amigos, e muito foda eu recomendo
APEX PREDATOR
It amazing and its not a copy of lethal it better in ways and not so good in ways but its sill good.
its very funny
can roll over friends with cart
10/10
holy shit this game is fun way better than leathal company
qefsccaas
* 10/10!
molto divertente con amici
f amuzant
Takes what you'd assume to be your "average co-op horror extraction" formula and twists that idea with it's own unique mechanics, enemies, and environments that makes the game feel far more immersive and challenging than most others would. It also encourages more focus on the "fun co-op" aspect of the game as it's a blast with friends especially (I'd say 3 or more people for its full potential).
The game does a fantastic job separating itself from it's easy to thrive quick to die counterparts and I hope to see the developers success encourage them to keep up with the game.
good game
Whoa, nice game indeed. Thx to that emoji banner cuz it was the reason I bought this game.
FRRRRRRR
keyifli bir oyun varsa
no sex update yet, until then, very bad!
pretty fun w friends
tts
GOOFY AHH ROBOT=fun game
poka dupe git gierka
Un juego con ideas originales sabiendo que el concepto base viene de otros juegos, con el claro referente Lethal company.
Espero que no lo abandonen como la de este estilo de juegos y que lleguen a la 1.0, con todo el contenido que tengan pensado.
Ya lo que hay da para muchas horas de risas y sustos.
Si no lloras de risa eres raro,es un juego de mucha risa lo recomiendo 100 por 100
pongan una workshop para mods xfa
Would be possible if my "friends" weren't incompetent.
/
Just play lethal company
Muito bom, caso seus amigos sejam um pouco idi0tas. melhor ainda!
yes
Solid. good with 3+ ppl
4
Ce jeu n'a que peu de pour un jeu en pour assurez vous d'avoir des amis Bon ce pas mon cas donc j ai du m en faire et c'est hyper simple : allez sur le serv discord officiel et il y a une section dans le serv pour d autres serveurs repo pour les fr espagnols etc Il vous suffit juste de trouver un serveur fr ( ce qui est facile celui que j ai a plus de 1k membres) et vous faire des potes Ceux qui se plaignent en disant qu'il n y a aucun moyen de s'amuser sans avoir des potes c'est faux ils veulent juste pas voir plus loin que leur nez Sinon le qui nous de rejoindre des serveurs randoms est dans la patch notes c est pour que des personnes mal foutent le bazar. Donc les mauvais avis ces ne vous basez surtout pas dessus C'est juste des personnes qui ne peuvent pas assumer qu un petit groupe de devs peut faire un boulot de monstre. Sinon le seul que je reproche : Le prix un lethal pour un jeu en early access et si il y a pas mal de contenu zort par exemple ne que 4 euros ils devraient le prix pour rendre service a ceux qui jouent en early access Sinon c'est tout je vous souhaite franchement d'acheter le jeu ou d attendre qu il soit en reduc mais sinon c est fou rire garanti il y a toujours des alternatives si vous n avez pas de potes de toute
100%
fun
This game with friends is so fucking fun, highly recommend
I L IKE
REPO!
grave bien
Funniest game ive ever played with friends fr xD
yes
Fun af
JBL speaker got me killed, 10/10
Una Risa de juego si juegas con amigos las risas estan aseguradas, es fundamental jugar solo con el micro in game para mas risas!
Greatest Lethal-Like Game To Hit Steam In 2025.
Cute game with fun mechanics while trying to dodge and avoid both hazards of breaking things and monsters trying to kill you. The further you get the harder it gets, so not working together can really cause the end of your run. But over all my buddies and I had a bunch of laughs playing this.
best game ever
10 10
bengr hra
2,
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA *Explodes*
This is an amazing game to goof off with your friends on, Lots of laughs, lots of memes.
The Scare factor of the game kinda worn off after the first hour of play tho, so, kinda gets slightly boring if your not messing around, so, probably don't take the game too seriously if your looking for a good time.
this game brings me back to the good old lethal company days, would definitely recommend
10 10
5
this game peaks i playted wtih 16 people
Game is fun if you have 3-5 people. If you enjoy the hellscape of gangbeasts and lethal company, this is your game. 10/10
geilo
si
A really funny game that everyone needs to play :)
BIIIGGGGGGGG
Juego muy divertido para estar con amigos lo recomiendo mucho, 10/10
Shimmy shimmy ya, shimmy yam, shimmy yay
aaaahhh
gud
very good, however it is difficult to understand what the monsters do, even after seeing them multiple times. Idk if there is a system already, but something like lethal company's monster log would add lore and helpful information on the creatures.
6 -6,769$
P P P P P
II,
very gudi
Spookey but goofey
fun
no matter how many times i die i will always pick up the duck to give it a kiss
Incroyable
Awesome game but I have no friends :(. But if you have friends that enjoy horror and jumpscares, this is the perfect game :D.
I hope the dev will add a server option to this amazing game.
10/10 game would shart my pants in fear again
Peak gameplay
Funny ahhh
le eu est GIGA ENTRE POTE je recommande de malade
10/10 fun
yes i like game very spooky scarry and fat guys go vroom like skinny dudes and organs spit green snot at me,very friendly
A really enjoyable and cute game, highly recommend playing with friends. Teamwork is highly valued. Good laughs if you succeed or fail.
Recommend the short tutorial just to know the buttons.
Sadly you might need a mouse with a wheel, and some of the settings are a bit much but can be changed easily in game.
The most successful game since launch,kinda underrated tbh idk how the devs pulled this game off
MARMOK PIPIPI
100/10
Ballert
cool
Such a great improvement on other games of the genre like lethal company, they added so much depth and the game feels balanced and genuinely fun with friends. I can't stop playing it and can't wait to see what gets added
R.E.P.O.
R.E.P.O.
Lethal Company
R.E.P.O.
9/10.
The first "lethal company like" game that I've played that I liked MORE than lethal company.
Devs are awesome. Open to modding, so I see mods coming in the future to make this game better and more fun.
If you loved lethal company, you will love this game.
KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
The funny thing is, I, along with many, compared this game to lethal Company instantly upon seeing it. Thing is, this game has NO TIME LIMIT on the levels. Meaning that 1 or 2 crazy bots can actually recover entire trash runs through sheer skill. As such, this game rewards the slow and methodical, where LC rewards the fast and braizen.
lustig und gut gemacht
:)
Top tier
very funny interesting mechanics fun with friends
Pretty funny Lethal Company like game, love the scares of not knowing what certain creatures do
ZAROMBISTA gra na multi i solo
Remove the duck
best lethal spin-off
Lethal company meets bailiff simulator + stupid fucking duck
sex
OTS DIFFERENT AND FUN
Its Funny!"
based
Pet The Duck I promise its fully safe
SKIBIDI DOP DOP YES YES
wdawdawdawdawd
je passe plus de temps cacher que a jouer, je recommande ce jeu
Gotta buy them sprint packs!
10/10 giggling so hard that a monster finds you.
This game is insanely fun with friends, you can literally just throw them or blow them up in the store free of cost! The monsters are scary, the learning curve is fun yet simple and this shit is 100x better than lethal and content warning. buy if u have more people than just you 11/10
This is crazy and incredibly fun game. Me and my friends love it so much!
Nice
man kann speichern
love this game cant wait for more to come
great game, hope the developers continue to support it with new content. this is hands down the best lethal company type game I have played since lethal company.
however, there is one thing I believe they need to fix: the amount of time you spend spectating in this game.
I have spent at time what feels like up to 10 or even 20 minutes just watching my team struggle to meet quota, especially when they end up solo. it gets to the point that I often have balatro up on another screen to play when i'm dead. lethal company does not have this issue because there is a time limit, as well as insane difficulty scaling as the day goes on. REPO effectively has neither of these things. the result is not just that spectating in this game can go on for much longer than in lethal company, but it is also much more boring to watch, hence balatro.
the good news is that this game is still really fun, and its definitely worth picking up if you enjoyed lethal company. this is also an issue that could be solved rather easily so long as the devs continue working on this.
super fun with friends and fun to get scared
Its funny, and you have to hope your bro has a good mic.
This game has elevated the extraction game with a level of polish not seen in many EA games.
Gud
Great game. You can find poeple to play with in the comminity.
20
10 10
P.S.
goofy ahh
this game is really fun because playing with friends is a blast. The overall feel of the game is so clean and its scary factor really makes it so fun. it very simple and challenging. Can't wait for the next update, this is gonna be a really good game.
WHERERE ACHIEVEMENTS
GOTY
Einfach Liebe dieses Game
I hid under a table and said sigma and was shot to death by a blind man 10/10 good game
A game that makes even the most serious team into the goofiest fellows. Whoever's doubting this game should reconsider their reasoning because this is too funny and will make you wheeze again and again.
oui je recommande entre ami et tout seul je jeu reste bien et mais il y des bugs
Hit bros with radioactive plates and make them fall into the lap of a giggling demon 10/10
ultra chevere
good game really fun with friends but they gotta get rid of that weird smiley face some of my friends were skeptical of it purely because of the smiley face just make the logo the like robot things we play as and i think it'll be better
Une en terme de divertissement.
Ja ich empfehle es aber gleichzeitig habe ich eher gemischte was dieses Spiel angeht. An sich ist es gut wie es ist, man vlt. die Kosten Shop Items im Schnitt um 10% reduzieren. Und die Ausdauerregenerierung um 10-20% Und vlt. ein Umschaltmodus eine freie Kamerasteuerung, dass man sich ein wenig umschauen kann man was Schweres transportiert. Evt. auch dass man die MItspieler auf der Karte sieht (wenn sie noch leben). Ich finde nur wenn man versucht das Spiel ernst/richtig zu spielen, gibt es Reibungen mit Mitspielern wie in keinem anderem Spiel. Also kann es an Beziehungen zu deinen Freunden kratzen wenn man es zu ernst nimmt. Vlt. man ja was dagegen machen, wenn Items weniger Schaden nehmen bei Kollisionen. Oder es Upgades gibt die Schaden an Items verringern. Eine Ingame Monster Wiki wie bei Lethal Company z.B. auch ganz nett. Damit man die und seiner Gegner besser kennt.
el mejor juego pa andar haciendo estupideces con tus amigos 10000/10
lol si
+- 15
this is so fun
It good
this game is just so much fun
Low storage and low price, while still being in early release. Matchmaking may not be out yet but this game already has more potential then Lethal and could be a good alternative. Even when you're not comparing it to Lethal It's still a bundle of joy to play solo or with friends. Both experiences solo or with friends carry completely different elements that make it more unique and fun to play at any moment!
meow
goated
fu
We seen a monster approaching in the distance. We hid under separate tables. Turned out to be a lava looking monster that drags a leg.
My adhd ass yells "Do the stanky leeeeeg". Monster hears me. Monster yoinks me from under the table. My best friend watches me die. 10/10 would yell again.
sOsal?
i don't normally leave reviews but ho man is this shit fun
good gam
Me fan 20/10
(:
Flippen fantastic game to play with the friends lots of laughs would recommend it
it's good
this game needs better branding because it's way cooler than the cry laugh emoji would have you believe
This game actually gives me hope that there's still good games out there to play but the emoji made me think it was another cheap game, so yeah, maybe decide on changing that a tad bit. its actually a good game tho, solid 9/10 for me, really fun.
1
Juegardo bastante divertido, si metiesen mas tipos de mapas y compatibilidad VR ya seria perfecto
banger
Great fun
good controls
nice voice chat
interesting monsters and locations
cool physics
great concept
repo
muy bueno solo que sin amigos no vale tanto la pena pero aun es divertido y busco a personas para jugar conmigo que hablen y que sean amigables
-
-
-
-
-
- Q,
First 3 hours in the game and I am already enjoying it more than many similar titles. The physics based loot and escapes are a fresh take at the game and lead to many mistakes that are just funny to watch. 100% worth the $10 if you have a group of friends to play with. Even with two people, it was enjoyable to screw each other with the mechanics in the game.
goida
10/10
I hate this game.
4,
Yes
without my friend saying i should buy this i don't think i would have, the banner just told me its probably another shitty horror game. but i'm having a blast with this game. i think the mechanic of picking stuff up and being able to trow it/slap monsters with it makes it so much better. and being able to hide instead of just running makes it different enough from the other lethal company games. the environment looks different enough were you wont get as lost as easily or every room looks the same.
for 10 euros its worth it.
es la polla para jugar con amigos y jugar solo se te hace mas aburrido lo recomiendo mucho po 10 pavos es el mejor juego multijugador calidad precio ademas pasan cosas muy raras q te hacen pasar un buen rato y risas con tus amigos
I like REPO
muito bommm!
I was honestly shocked at how fun this game ended up being.
bao
wtb friends
I'm leaving this adorable Capybara here. Anyone who passes by can pet it and give it a thumbs up (I REALLY need Steam Points).
360
11 2.
I honestly like this game more than lethal company. It was super fun with friends and we all had a blast playing it! I definitely agree with others on the emoji logo, it turned me off from the game at first. But the actual game was amazing and it's been fun trying to figure out how to counter all the enemies.
es buen juego y las risas nunca faltan
Jogo muito bom e Recomendo
10 10
cool
game, vicces, de sajnos amint felfedezed, elillan a ennyi ez hamar De az lesz benne content.
banger et hyper drole
"R.E.P.O: O jogo que te faz rir, chorar e quase quebrar o controle!"
Se achou que tinha visto de tudo em jogos, espere jogar R.E.P.O. aquele tipo de jogo que vai te fazer questionar suas escolhas de vida, te deixar em e depois te fazer rir (muito) de tudo isso.
O jogo mistura desafios malucos com uma que, por mais louca que consegue te prender do ao fim. Cada fase parece um pesadelo, mas o tipo de pesadelo que, quando supera, te a de ser um E exagero vai sentir orgulho de conseguir passar de uma fase!
Os a jogabilidade te desafia na medida certa e, honestamente, tem momentos em que vai se pegar rindo sozinho de nervoso. O pior que consegue parar de jogar, mesmo sabendo que a cada "game over" a vai bater. Mas a recompensa de finalmente conseguir completar aquela fase vale cada segundo de desespero.
Ah, e as recompensas no jogo? Elas te fazem se sentir como se estivesse conquistando o mundo ou pelo menos, uma boa
Se curte um jogo desafiador, divertido e que vai te tirar da zona de conforto, R.E.P.O a escolha. se prepare para dar algumas risadas nervosas e perder algumas horas da sua vida. Mas vale a pena!
Peguei no chat gpt, eu nem li
-
the physics in this game are horrid at times but that makes it so fucking funny but most of the time they are really well made, only complaint i have is that if i slightly bang anything it loses value
devs please up the force needed to lose an objects value
3
1. - 48000 32000 32000 48000.
2. DisconnectByServerTimeout.
A fun, goofy co-op industry-horror about 1-6 cowardly little robots squirreling away valuables from the fresh remains of terrible happenings, a la Viscera Cleanup Detail.
A lively physics system, intriguing economy, and spooky settings (Including very interesting liminal settings- the road and the stores seem modeled after the American Midwest, and have a foggy overgrown feel that I [u] absolutely dig [/u] ) combine to make a very enjoyable experience with friends.
Quite worth the price tag IMO.
play it with as many friends as you can, the more the better. use the ingame voicechat and the game is super fun! Definitely recommend!
If you know what lethal company is then you will love this. Its a funny Horror game. I like this game a lot because of the weird monsters that are funny looking and creepy at the same time, and i dont even know much of the game. I like when you lose you have a all out brawl with you'r team to see the best loser win. 9/10 game.
Please make new monsters, map, tools and something fun but cool and creepy.
I love the game. but it needs some balance : a grenade should be able to kill an enemy! On top of that it is very frustrating (like rage quiet, never return frustrating) to keep starting from level 1 every time your team gets wiped out. Can't make it past level 4, what the point? No progress can be made. At least let the team redo just the level they at!
The best gamee
ClientTimeout, -
Will I play again? Yes. Does the game have a lot of potential? Yes. Does the game need more polish? Also yes.
The good:
Gameplay: The game is fun and silly making it perfect for multiplayer with friends. We really enjoyed a lot of the small touches that add to the absurdity of it all. Things like the side-eyes, crouching below beds and tables, hiding in boxes, throwing each other in toilets, smacking each other with things, breaking objects, jumping into the magic potion and being blasted out,
Variety: There's a fair bit of variety in terms of monsters, maps and weapons. I would love to see more added over time. I also appreciate the randomness which helps with replayability.
The bad:
Graphics: The graphics are really bad, distorted and pixelated on a widescreen monitor. Lowering the pixelation in the graphic settings helps a bit. But the game feels like it was designed for a mobile phone.
Multiplayer coop: Multiplayer continuously disconnects for no reason, kicking everyone out and ending a game session, which inevitably resets progress. We tried with different people as hosts to no avail - it still eventually happened.
Lagginess: Multiplayer can feel a bit janky and laggy at times, especially if you're not the host.
Lack of saves (multiplayer): Between disconnection issues and generally people needing to leave, it would be nice to have save files (and autosave) to come back to a game session.
Inability for someone to join multiplayer later: It's pretty lame to have to completely end a game and restart from the beginning if you just want a friend to join.
Death and waiting simulator: You die far too easily. Health is too expensive especially at the start. And when you die you're waiting the rest of the time for the last player standing to bring your head to a checkpoint or finish the entire mission. This makes it really boring. An option to respawn dead players after X amount of time - or something else to get dead players back into the game sooner would make it more enjoyable.
Tutorials: Tutorials should be expanded to the item shop to showcase what they do and how to use them. Some things are not obvious.
Solo player: You take damage too easily and die too easily. 90% of the time you're just waiting for creatures to leave (and 80% of the time they don't).
exectfvygbhunjimk
Holy cow
10/10
Honestly, if this didn't come out the year MH Wilds did, it would be the game of the year! I haven't had this much fun since the release of Lethal Company. Truly a 10/10 game!
Usually with these kinds of games I can only play for a short time before getting too stressed out even while playing with friends. But the brawl in the junkyard at the end of a run is such an amazing way to decompress and unwind making it much easier to jump right back into the action for another run.
very good
Nejprve jak si ale jim, co to dovolovat si na v tomhle
Ta crazy
10 10
11 10
this game is peak.
add gooning
Jarno kovistleee
fun
this one is it
i never seen a shitty game like this, its the biggest pain in the ass. its bad, overrated and unbalanced ass fuck. you cant even defent youre self with a weapon against monsters couse the weapons wiggel like crazy, no weapons spawn on any map and the monsters are to fast to hit. It is not allowed to grab any weapon ( physikly in your hand) BUT you have three fingers on you right ( to mabe grab some but you cant) and a flash light on youre left hand and after sitting down he puts it away. the monsters are not scary there just annoying. the biggerst clip farming game ive ever seen. if i can i would refund it
It's a great game to play with your friends
good game
Lethal companyden daha daha komik ama daha zor
trop drole
if lethal company and garry's mod had a baby, this would be it. fun game with friends made funner with mods and adulterants
Amazing game with friends practically laughed every 5 minutes
Couse: ServerTimeout
YEYEYE
I like to knock my teammates down then I touch them.
Nobody will believe them.
you can throw yourself at the monsters 10/10
The baby mob is senseless and too strong if you find it. It breaks things, kills you and is not fun. Eliminate it because it is the stupidest thing you could invent
-rep
Bardzo fajna gra i pozdrawiam. Szukam wiecej kolegow do grania. Szukam samicy
yes
perfect game ever made
if yall have questiions ask me
verry funny
amazing and goofy
this game is sick can't wait to see how it goes in the future
once the hehe haha factor wears off its just unfun and unfair.
even the basic things like visibility and sprinting are limited, so you cant even run away from an enemy
goog
-
Lethal Company,
LC.
-
cause Clienttimeout <33333
fucking lag voice/ping.
fix servers or add local server.
Very fun game
GOAT
That fucking floating ghost head is a piece of shit
developer's can you make update make dedicated servers so we can meet new people for fun because play singleplayer is kinda hard and bring more new content and new maps and mods too love you're game this game is the best love it make it more fun and more horrifying enemy's alright
It's just like Lethal Company (which is a great game). but better. They do the multiplayer much better, and the physics based game play makes it all the more enjoyable.
POGGERS PRO
el mejor juego que jugue hasta ahora, a tu casa lethal company
No public lobbies, which means that unless you and some friends buy this together, you basically can't really play it.
Like i wise friend used to say: "BOOM BOOM".
peak game
ta bueno
ilyen:
reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
10/10
efsane oyun
Don't like it
Similar to Lethal Company but I enjoy this one more. Highly recommend with friends.
:D
The best game. It's very fun and I like it so much
really funny and cool
- Vejo meu amigo se escondendo dentro do
- "Vamo voltar e pegar mais item"
- Olho para e sou brutalmente assassinado por uma figura preta de 5 metros
10/10
abarigema
2k25
2-3
oyun yorumlara bakarak alacak olanlar kesinlikle Ama tavsiye ederim en az 5 grubunuz yoksa mutlaka. senin ANANI sal beni
1
very fun yes
1234
SHHHHH!
My name is MrCyberic and I approve of this game! :)
i absolutely love this game, its so fun to play with your friends if you want to have a lot of fun
Hatalmaaaaaaaaaaaas
Sans Granie
Steam asked me If I recommend this game, yes.
i got this game yesterday. best investiment ever love r.e.p.o. live laugh love r.e.p.o. please help
nice
10/10
Very interesting horror game and fun and so damn scary!
Fun with friends!
Absolute Banger glad i saw clips of the devs playing it on ole instagram and tossed it on the wishlist its even better than i thought it would be get yourself a group of friends and play this.
its like lethal company but the enemies are more fun and the collecting stuff is worse
Some people say that it's odd to have an emoji in the banner, i don't find it that bad, the game is fun and it is probably the most accurate representation of my facial expression while playing this game.
10/10 would get eaten by a floating head again
- 10/10
es el juego perfecto para echarte unas risas con tus colegas. 10/10 la mejor del hasta la fecha
cool
legal demais e olha que ainda no acesso antecipado
m
NAHHHH this is peak now
calkiem ok
TLDR: If you even half way like Lethal Company this is a Lethal company clone that truly improves on the formula in every possible way not just a rip off.
Most of my friend group thought this was just gonna be another streamer bait game of the week but its genuinely some of the most fun i've had in months, the slapstick player models, the goofy physics, the TTS, and a group of friends combine to make this the most fun I've had since Helldivers came out. straight up belly laughing till my sides hurt.
Yeah its good
me likey
i love this game
bon
jogo muito bom.
explodir os amigos na loja a melhor parte.
Si la mediocridad tuviera un *R.E.P.O.* lo hasta niveles Este juego es una en forma de una experiencia tan aburrida y frustrante que ni regalado lo
Los controles son un desastre absoluto, como si alguien los hubiera programado con los codos mientras un ataque de La jugabilidad es tan torpe y repetitiva que hasta ver se seca la pintura en la pared es entretenido. La "historia" (si es que se le puede llamar es una amalgama de predecibles y escritos con la gracia de un bot sin procesador.
parece sacado de una pesadilla en baja desarrolladores usaron un motor de hace 20 y pensaron que nadie lo simplemente decidieron que la inspirarse en un PowerPoint de 1999? Lo peor es que el rendimiento es espantoso, como si el juego estuviera minando criptomonedas en segundo plano mientras intentas jugar.
Y no hablemos del sonido. Es como si hubieran grabado efectos de audio con un sumergido en aceite. La es tan que parece que la sacaron de un repositorio gratuito, pero no de los buenos, sino de los que hasta Google por
En *R.E.P.O.* no solo es un insulto al concepto de los videojuegos, sino una de tiempo y dinero. Si quieres experimentar la verdadera juega esto. Si valoras tu cordura, ni te acerques.
0/10, ser ilegal vender algo tan malo.
haaaaaa
UN JUEGO MUY DIVERTIDO PERO PREPARATE PARA SOLTAL LOS INSULTOS MAS RASISTAS QUE AS ECUCUJHADO
Es que un juego destinado al modo multijugador, no permita unirse a salas y, uno tenga que depender de que sus amigos que se compren el juego para poder jugar
Autocreador de contenido
comprei a 3 dias e joguei uma unica vez, pois parece que tem que ter amigos que tenham o game tbm e eu tenho amigos que tem kkk, quem ler aqui, add ai, preciso jogar esse
pay gorn
its a blast
real
histerical
Expected it to be the new lethal company but it fails on all fronts: monsters are not scary, no tension when looting, player interactions are not entertaining. Monsters themselves are more ridiculous than they are threatening. Designs make no sense, storytelling is unclear. Nothing makes any sense from just the gameplay alone, like, what are we, why are we looting, who is sending us to these. places? What even are the places? Not interested enough to go google it.
Entire gameplay is looting and hiding under tables over and over, and with monsters being so boring it becomes nothing more than routine. Most monsters are basically a sprite moving around with few animations, the megamind folks especially, they are default posing around the place in groups of 3, jumping on top of things with their legs crossed. AI is boring, literally just straight chase and lose sight if the player gets under the table.
Overall, gameplay's not fun, monsters are boring, story's not present, bad game overall. Just my opinion though, everybody else is enjoying it.
Very fun but lacking content ( because it just came out ) Still fun to play with friends and beat them to death
oui
10 10
it was fun to kill your own friends and blame to the monster
10/10
Jogo bao demais
Witam, swoim przekonaniem do tej gry pod " R.E.P.0. ", jest wybitna i pod strachu jak i humorystyki jakim ten nawet w dwie osoby, ale im tym ciekawiej, pozdrawiam serdecznie.
verry bra datagame
very fun game
agarra a juanjo con un camion y no cumple la cuota para nuestro emote facherito
add an enemie called the mimics they will eat you instakill and they can copy a persons appearance or loot but they will have an anomoly like one arm one eye or just not apearing on the scanner
juego muy divertido para jugar con amigos recomendado al 100%
Repo
I do not remember the last time i had that much fun with a game
Letahl company was my favourite multiplayer game ever. Now i believe REPO is 50% better than lethal. They took the lethal, and changed two major things:
A) The monsters are more designed to be killed, although evading is still usually better
B) Everything is physics based. Which adds the mechanic of managing your loot, and making sure it doesn't fall on the floor and break.
My final point is OH MY GOD IS THIS GAME POLISHED
I'm sick of games shipping with bugs and unfinished content. This game is pretty much fully polished on release
Tompalompn ist das nice
imba
-
-
6 4
Tuch duck
super jeux hilarant
better than lethal company. more chaos
ajouter moi pour s amuser
fooking amazin
i didnt know autism was weaponized
:
Lethal Company.
PERFECT cut-offs! I hope there can be a little bit more customization for your bot after a while. Something like changing eye color or maybe a multi-colored bot, but outside of that, the game is REALLY fun to play and stream to people!
i would recommend this game to anyone who hasn't had a lot of fun playing other games recently. It IS repetitive, but the repetitive-ness isn't a bad kind, since it always has its own twist with the different monsters and different items in the game!
I got the game from my buddy, so if you can take anything away from this, just know that my friend is getting his money's worth!
Too hard
The Taxman wants YOU to self destruct on the $21,800 valuable!
10/10 only if u have friends to play with. :(
friend me if you want to join me :D
el julen
Diversion infinta, jugabilidad simple, todos tus amigos seguramente quieran unirse, excelente juego.
*Larga vida los desarrolladores indies*
ashiaaaap
This game is great & hilarious honestly me and friend played and was cracking up and having fun the whole time. Very recommend
YE
Funniest and craziest game ever (Worth every dollar I spent on the game)
Lethall company 2.0
I LOVE THIS GAME. especially killing the babies.
Roligt!
able to suffocate babies and get rewarded for it, would recommend
[eq
BOMBOCLAT 1.5
i got rapet by semen gg good game
silly fun game
its like lethal company but with phisics and a gravity gun from gmod
This is really fun and actually unique in comparison to similar games. To be honest, I prefer this to similar games of the genre because I feel it achieves more in atmosphere and gameplay. Would recommend.
Chaos.
el mejor juego
The emoji as the logo needs to go. Aside from it having nothing to do with the game, it also makes the game look like a Rick Roll. It lead to me not purchasing for days as it looked just just another jump scare that had the creepiest horror face popping out at random while you collected things. At the behest of my friends, I got it. This game is great, definitely worth my $10. We were up all night laughing last! It is best with as many people as you can muster up though, so grab some friends, your family, whatever you got before you go in. Definitely worth it.
/
I FUCKING LOVCE TRHIS VGAKME WQRATRSTEUYZXT
I received this game as an early birthday gift, this game is amazing. I adore the design of the characters and the ability to type what you want to say and having it read out loud, making it easy for when you need to be quiet but want to communicate.
I absolutely recommend getting this game.
Playing this while waiting for a lethal company update
It's like getting touched innapropriately
incrr a plusieurs
tuvalete sokabiliyon
Jogo e bem feito, apesar da capa. Ganhei como presente e achei que era troll, mas fui surpreendido com um jogo genuinamente feito com amor e carinho por um time pequeno e dedicado
muito bom, orgias insanas, casa de swing, cuckholding, tudo isso embutido em um bixo que vai te mol3star sem poder fazer nada!
I burped, the blind man heard me and i died
10 10
muito bom, o lucas morre
I got kidnapped by an invisible ghost who laughed and carried me across the map.
Then I got smacked by a little kid ghost who laughed about that.
Next, a blind grandpa tripped down some stairs and shot me when I laughed.
We then went to the store and I threw a grenade at my friends, blowing them up.
10/10, if you want a ridiculously fun time with friends.buy it!
il est tres bien manque de map mais sinon il est bien en multiplayer et drole mais dure tout seul je vous le recomande
10/10 GAME
(-)
Could do with better audio queues for the enemies but otherwise really fun with friends.
good game with friends my recommend to have at least 3-4 friends that you trust
our record is level 6, we reached level 6 and not giving up (i hope we will beat our record and everyone else who read)
we tried to get more higher but becomes very hard
very fun scary and fun moments and carefully moments and teamworks and betrayal moments for survival
hope for more updates in the future like: weapons, items, maps, creatures, more ideas of upgrades, drones, traps, rare items,
GOATED
very good game
This game is super fun, would recommend! Though, I do wish there was a public feature.
oe pas mal
R.E.P.O.:
R.E.P.O.
)
10 10 )
7 10 10
VERY NICE I BREAK THINGS
10 10
better than lethal imo
MAL ROBOT SES FLN
lethal company but your a finger puppet robbing places to get money for the emoji man
10/10 game
3
10 picun f6 10
[h1] R.E.P.O! [/h1]
Lethal Company, R.E.P.O
[h3] [/h3]
R.E.P.O,
[h3] R.E.P.O Lethal Company? [/h3]
-
-
-
[h3] [/h3]
R.E.P.O
[b] 9/10 [/b]
hahahahah huntsman faceit lvl 10
*insert soundboard of roblox oof*
Honestly just a better base game compared to Lethal Company, with mods it becomes debatable.
The maps are actually unique locations and just procedurally larger mazes. Currently an arctic station, haunted castle, and abandoned mansion. Each run gets bigger with more unique rooms and monsters.
The physics are also funny, with the repo bots looking very funny in a good way and allowing for interesting gameplay because you can very easily destroy loot or kill your friends. The monsters are vulnerable to it as well.
The only current downside to the game is that no matchmaking which means if you have friends you play, but the devs are actively working on adding a lobby system. Overall a great game that I would get if you can.
10/10
SOUNDPAD
1488 52
)
Trop on va monter une des rushs qu'on a fait
Cause: Exception
2 50%, 70
G O A T. Game is very VERY fun to play. Especially when u ve got more than 3 friends with u. Shoutout to creators for making such a good game to play multiplayer. I wish and my fingers r crossed for u creators to push this game forward, it has such a potential. GOOD LUCK AND HAVE FUN
bom pra krl
19 10
gud
Incredibly fun and easy to play, the proxy chat makes the screaming so much funnier and I love the way your character sounds when you type out messages.
R.A.P.E.O.
A R.E.P.O. egy izgalmas, amely
nem hacsak nem vagy profi!
i hav shit in my pant.
Got killed by some guy with a shotgun then my friends PC crashed (Unrelated to the game), but its peak from the little playtime i got
holy peak only bad thing is swedish dev team
Et bien r.e.p.o c un claque. fait looooooooooooooongtemps qu'on a pas ue demaj lethal et puis ce jeu est tellement ,vous avez de jeter vos amis dans des toilettes alors votre est je recommande a 100%
its amazing and addicting :)
Jogo mais da sua vida
Try to grab the Duck, very cute!
good game, very fun.
Gumi type game
Haven't had this much fun since lethal company
Jogo bom morri pra um veio de espingarda 111111111111111111111111111111 de vezessssssssssssssssssssssssssss
I really wished I had friends for this
bok gibi
Very cute duck
WAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
bilader ben ya komi olarak dur dur tamam dur kebap kebap 460 lira lahmacun da 180 lira ne pide 150 lira falan adamlar yemiyodu bi de orda hepsi de gidiyodu bi lokma bile be
scary lethal company clone
recomendadisimo
MUY divertido, muy rejugable y buena y Los detallitos en y la original y divertida demuestran que este juego hecho con Esta cremita.
This is a feedback for the devs:
PLEASE LET THERE BE A SAFE ZONE FOR AN EXTRACTION POINT SO A MOB DOESNT FUCK EVERYONE UP AND NOT DESTROY ALL THE ITEMS CAUSE THE MONSTERS MAKE IT NOT VALUABLE ANYMORE
cool
No tengo amigos para jugar :(
a
girdi,
Loot, run, scream, die, fun!
funny
Go to wizard academy
be scared for my fucking life
sneaking around
find wizard staff
decide to be funny
shout YOU SHALL NOT PASS
slam staff into ground
explode
100/10
you can blow people up and grief the whole team
Devs please help me fix this: so i tried to do a singleplayer run and also host one but when i click on create new game the yes it just simply doesnt work like im clikcing it and i cant go to the partyy lobby. PLEASE HELP.
rizz
linga guli guli guli
Mesmo jogando sozinho ou com amigos daora demais, recomendo muito
Great game to play with friends, The monsters were really confusing for me at the beginning but after a while their easy to deal with. This game really reminds me of "Lethal Company x The Headliners" but at the same time its quite unique. I would recommend this if you have friends, because the game doesn't have a severs list or anything yet, you can only play with your steam friends.
Overall Rating: 7/10
bacon egg cheese
The Taxman Who Sold The World
un bon jeux pour jouer entre amies
a surprisingly good horror game even when played solo
its like they made a MORE CLUNKY and ANNOYING Lethal Company.
The game itself isn't that fun, its just a reaction/clip generator. Don't bother.
great game
bom que me viciei de tantas risadas de graficos increvies E MEU AMIGO FOI ESTOURADO 3424244 VEZES POR UM DE SHOTGUN 10/1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 mais nao recommendo pois eu acabei esquecendo oque era gravidade e voei para o teto da minha casa e essa e uma analise rara POIS EXISTEM APENAS 456 ANALISES NAO POSITIVAS entao aqui vai um como jogar _ primeiramente baixe o jogo chame o seu amigo deem risadas encontre uma de velho flutuante ela mata o seu amigo que explodiu voce ficou vivo encontre um velho cego com uma shotgun ele te viu e te explodiu absolute cinema
Absolutely amazing game! 10 ducks that pushed me off into the void out of 10.
It's a funny and thrilling game with friends, had lots of fun and will continue to do so.
Smiley is a weird icon, but not really something essential to the gameplay, don't base your opinion on it.
R.E.P.O. is an real fun man lolz if you enjoy co-op horror games like Lethal Company. The premise is simple: you're part of a repo team tasked with retrieving valuable items from abandoned (and very haunted) locations. But things quickly get chaotic as terrifying entities hunt you down, forcing teamwork, quick thinking, and a lot of panicked screaming. If you love similar games like Lethal Company and enjoy a mix of horror, chaos, and teamwork, R.E.P.O. is definitely worth checking out. It still has room to grow, but with friends, an unforgettable experience!
tts is peak
amazing game for an early access, very fun and doesn't get boring easily, me and my friends are on level 12 and its hell, but fun hell, i am really hopefull for this game to get even better,
and a fun tip, if you get to level 3 strenght with one other person you can lift the shitfuck rugbrat [the baby] and toss it around like a trash rag, very fun and therapeutic
repo was my money worth and thanks to the game play and on the wonderful ideas they had to make this game I hope that if you got the game i think you would say the same thing.
ta gra jest bardzo zabawna oraz edukacyjna i polecam i tyle siemanko
super fun
Jogo bao
melhor jogo de terror e comedia de todos
i wil never regret buying this game its funny fun and scary at the same time
one problem that not all people have : dont have friends to play with if you have no one to play with then the funny and fun dissapear and the scary is either bigger or smaller ( depends of what type of person you are )
10 10
Juste pour le TTS -> G.O.T.Y.
Un jeu on peut passer 20 minutes rire juste dans le lobby parceque les icones bougent quand on parle c'est extraordinaire.
Absolutely most fun i had runs way better and easier than most other games in its genre
ive made a great error in saying its fun as reaching level 6 causes me to have an aneurysm especially with robes around
Fun as fuck
Nagyon
Van rajta kis csiszolni de csoportosan
980
10 10,
fun
muitooo boooommmmm kkkkkkkkkkkkk
sehr witzig im koop, mit vielen verschiedenen maps, upgefuckte creepy viehchers. i like
In this game you can be a Skibidi Toilet. 10/10
DIAMOND GO BOOM
great with friends
mt massa
add a randomized game
10 10
Really funny game icl. I've played other similar games like Lethal Company and Content Warning and this one has the same vibes but I think it's easier and more enjoyable since u can see where are you and the maps aren't huge so you don't really get lost. In general there's a lot of small details that make this game really enjoyable even if you only play it with 2-3 ppl.
I hope this review helped ^
esta god
fun times a(head)
Good game. Don't know if it's as good as the price
fucking good game
Amazing game, MUST BUY! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
HUYNA
on numara
Honestly, the most fun I have had in a long time and could probably run on a potato. Well worth it, even in just duo mode.
giggles galor
Apenas compre, R.E.P.O. basicamente o filho de Content Warning com Lethal Company, mais um Lethal Company-like ESSE BOM DEMAIS. O jogo recomendo jogar singleplayer, pq ai sim fica de terror, quando ta no multiplayer vc se diverte. Chegar acima do level 5 aumenta o de pontos de e os mapas podem ter mais de 1 andar, para quem sabe. Tomara que adicionem mais tipo adoro semiwork.
reecomendadisimo
10 10
Coughed. Teammate died. Totally worth it.
j'y et toujour pas jouer avc mais amis mais ses bien
This is the best game I've ever bought for
10/10 game I grabbed an expensive item out of a locker and upon returning to my cart to secure said item there was a very kind man Who promptly shot my head clean off as i rounded the corner!
freakbob gaming
yes
A great game to play with a bunch of morons I know my opponents are nothing compared to the crippled ones I play with
)
10/10
jijeo :)
THE GAME IS TOO AMAZING RAHHHHHHHHH
The game is very interesting exciting and cool, the best co-op horror I've ever seen, I hope the developers will not abandon its development
svinkul
+rep
Dope AF
probably the best one can spend
si juegas con amigos esta muy bien
9 10
I really recommend this game for Lethal Company fans or just any similar coop game.
Even tho the banner is cursed for sure, I wasn't possesed in the end so don't worry :]
From the bottom of my heart and the over 4hours of playing yesterday, I can say that It's better than Lethal. The way It's made is a lot more creative and interesting even tho the idea is same. I'm looking forward for more updates and new features to this game.
NOW ITS TIME TO HIT 5HOURS TODAY!
migliore nel genere.
funny moment when someone drop a 2000$ plate
Muito divertido com amigos, ansiosa por mais
fajna gra ale jak gra z
100x better than Lethal Company
[b] ARAS KARGO [/b]
Its Funny when Its Funny
MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
if ur tired of lethal company this is the game for you
Najlepszy symulator cyg@na na rynku
funny game
this game is cute
Very good one of the best lethal company like games
very fun
W Game Love Everything About It And Cant Wait For Future Updates!
10 10
Super fun game highly recommend please get rid of the weird emoji thing on the front cover it makes the game look cheap
AWESOME
play this with voicemod and its a fever dream. 11 out of 10
Highly recommended! especially playing with friends :)
So, i didnt play for very long, but its so damn funny, the VOIP is so damn good, the Text to Speech Chat is Genius, the Analog Horror VHS Grafics make the game even more horror (in a good not a bad way), as i have seen so far it was the first game of semiwork and i need to say, for you guys did an amazing Job, im looking forward for more outstanding Updates.
keep up the good work :D
2
I like to play as a chatgpt with my other chatgpt friends in a lethal company like
10 10
komik robotlar var
This game is so funny if you have stupid friends
Accidentally say "damn" when we encounter a hunter.
Immedietly blasts my friends head off
Don't breathe for a whole minute trying not to laugh
Hunter later attacks us again,
Everyone shuts up,
Hunter falls flat on his face like dumbass for no reason
Absolutely lose it kakling like retards
Soldi ben spesi. A mio parere un successore di lethal company coi controfiocchi
Requires friends to play multiplayer. As a result, the steam forums are flooded with threads for people advertising their lobbies. Mostly Ukranians. The off chance you get an English lobby, it's filled with kids. Cannot recommend in its current state.
Once you get baseball bat you are the monster not them
WW
SO MUCH FUN
Bestes Koop Extraktion Horror Game seit langer Zeit.
Comedy Gold
recomand, am fost alaturi de amicul meu eduard in valea rosie si a strigat un domn la noi BAI
Half Life Lethal Company. 1-2 200-300,
More fun than Lethal Company, I hope to see frequent content updates - but so far, every "playthrough" has been unique, expect funny moments with your friends (bring friends, or its just pure horror) and really scary moments
stary stary co
taxman <3
It's a great game, fun and polished for an EA - but please devs change the banner, makes me embarrassed to play it.
7
sounpad 4
freakyass game, definitely lots of potential, MUST play with friends
Also hilariously too real with trying to communicate with your team in how to carefully move and adjust large pieces of furniture lmao0o0o
Super Jeux J'ai absolument pas vue les heure passer en y jouant
Legalize Abortion Now
this game is grato cheese.
sadly no join random server thing tho ):
btw tip:
make the program detect if the mod is legal or not (hacks count as illegal)
[h1] 2025 [/h1]
Steam,
R.E.P.O. -
1:
@
@
@
@
@
@
10
2:
@
@
@
"*, * *
6
"awds02" Steam: [h1] [url= Lord Azazel Group [/url] [/h1]
Lethal company from Alibaba or Timbuktu but totally and extremely playable and tolerable
Vraiment les les mieux investis
le le le le
100 10
not as scary as it looks.
First game similar to Lethal Company that feels like it has it's own identity regarding the actual loop in the game play. may updates continue it's trend.
funny
been a while since i laughed my ass off like this while playing a game. get it while it's fresh, it's so worth it
i love how this game has no profanity filter!
rapist is a good game
Fajna gierka do gry ze znajomymi
10 10
Lethal company with the physgun from gmod, basically, with some funny text-to-speech. I also don't understand all the criticism about the emoji, I've never seen so much backlash over just nothing at all. Anyway good game, fun stuff.
It's like lethal company but different
VERY GOOD GAME GG
Es un juego muy divertido
4) 10.
funniest game eva
Very funny to play with friends
360
10/10
<3
Trop marrant a plusieurs
shut up razzle
180 12/10
very fun
)
P.E.R.O
only played 3 hours and it is so fun and scary way better to be lethal company or content warning
jogo muito fod4 melhor q lethal company (eu acho) o unico ruim desse jogo e. brincadeira esse jogo e perfeito tirando o fato q meu amigo ja me matou com um dixo
LLL
cute duck that becomes your best friend if you touch it, best horror game
20
10 10
Putos gnomos XD
Super Duper Game
Best lethal like game, it does amazing at being a horror game and a fun game with friends
le jeu est bien interessant et les physics sont drole ayez des amis pour jouer avec
Don't know why i have to steal stuffs from targets full of monsters, however, excited to be chased by some old ass home owners who intuitively never want to negotiate and spare your pathetic ass.
i like gnomes
my friend who bought this game for me said if my review got 1 award he would stop bonking me on the head with his big wooden club and leaving a long pink bump throbbing out from where he hit me
how men supposed to convince his boys to play this game?
Actually a lot of fun, every run is different as monsters are random and so are the layouts of the maps. One of the best early access I've played, I hope more content releases regularly and soon.
What a terrible Steam banner
Jeux tres amusant rapport prix exellent
H
Probably more polished than Lethal Company will ever be.
Really good, looking forward to more updates!
Really a lot of fun, just great if you can get a few friends together with who you can play the game. I also do not find the emoji to be as big of a problem as most other people claim.
Sehr Sehr Lustiges Spiel was man zu 5 zusammen Spielen Kann.
Es macht sehr viel
+
zaebic
10 10.
2+ 10 10
10 10
Game good
better than lethal company
Lethal company; just immensely better overall in its current state vanilla. Real stand out in the horror roguelite coop genre.
meilleur jeux pour rigoler entre amis
Need a duck plush ASAP. Good game, funny moments. Have more time in shop trowing grenades at eachother than anything else. Death mechanik is smt else than a normal game over screen and i love it. 10/10 Keep up the good work! (We need a Duck Plush, its to cute!)
hra
My friend bought me this game, it was so fun tbh. but i left them all behind and closed the truck getting them killed (in game) so i uhh have no friends now.
i like it to much but one day a adm joined im my server and say hi and
Now this is a legitimately fun game. It's furniture moving simulator when everything is okey dokey and It can become very stressful and anxiety inducing when everything is going wrong. There's a constant surge of excitement when you're playing with friends and communications stop. The blood begins to pump. While I do love Lethal Company, I think this one does the idea better with the addition of physics added to the mix. As well as the items in general being a lot better due to the long run benefits. Cannot wait to see more!
keyifli ve komik
game almost killed me from oxygen deprevation of laughing my ass off!
Od premiery Lethal Company jego i praktycznie Kletki i Murky Divers nie na eksperymenty z I nagle REPO jest zaskoczeniem. kolejnego bezdusznego klona, jest baitem na internetowych gdzie jedyne co to kilka razy, a (na ciebie Content Warning). sporo ale do tego i dla gatunku Oparcie gry na fizyce sprawia, typowego lethalowego gameplayu opartego na zbieraniu mamy tu na zasadzie kurierskiej, jak by tego nie sam lethalowy gameplay jest bardzo dobry. Przeciwnicy i ciekawi, a sama gra robi w czego mi w innych przedstawicielach gatunku. Wymusza skradanie Zwykle w horrorach kooperayjnych jest bieganie i uciekanie. Tutaj ze na i zachowanie o wiele zmuszeni do skradania A to super temu, sterowanym robotem w wiele miejsc. emocji potrafi jak ledwo siedzimy pod nie kiedy obok twarzy stoi but postaci, z mikrofonu.
Dla Lethal Company i podobnych to w Dla kto nie w tego typu gry, to przyjemna produkcja. i strachu przeplatanego ze Byleby rozwijali swoje i mamy przed hit. Obecnie mnie gra po 5h, trzeba sobie pytanie czy warto za te
Such a great game!
god i am glad i dont work for a moving company
10 10
20/10 GOTY OF THE YEAR DEL ANUAL ME ENCANTA, MEJOR QUE TENER SEXO
-TLDR: Very Fun, whether Solo or with friend(s) (Especially with mods).
-Imagine being a REPO service, except you're taking from old, abandoned places, only you're not alone or with JUST your friend(s), there's spooky, annoying, and sometimes funny, monsters that roam around the map, one moment you'll see one monster, few minutes later, a new monster may appear, so there's much variety in the enemies (Especially when some of them are Blind or Deaf). I will say, the game mods make the game much more forgiving and helpful (such as better stamina, upgrades affect everyone instead of one person, etc.), so that helps add fun. The best part about the game, there's no timer, so if you're lost, or even the last alive, you have plenty of time to finish your objective, or even return to exfil truck, that is if you don't get killed in the process.
RNE
10 10
for the love of god change the emoji for the logo and i promise sales will skyrocket, its way better than lethal company
I have no friends
Dieses Spiel ist absolut fantastisch. Die Charaktere ist der beste Teil dieses geilen Spiels. Ich liebe es wie sie einen dumm angucken als man irgendwas gemacht. Das Gameplay ist sehr gut mit den Upgrades und den Waffen etc. jedoch wird das Spiel zu schwer in zu schneller Zeit. Nach dem zweiten Level muss man schon 2 Extractions machen was meist zu schwer ist, da schon zu viele Gegner kommen und man zu wenig Upgrades hat, oder weil man vielleicht nur zu zweit ist. Trotzdem voll der Banger. Freu mich auf neue Updates.
I've discovered how wonderful it feels to watch your friends fall into pure despair by trashing a 20k item they were bringing over to the cart. Solid party game ngl
its a good game chould you devs add that i can play with randoms
amazing
Cool
-2/10,
- :
its like trying to play the board game Operation but with source physics, all while being chased by demonic playful monsters
-
Those Fuckin GNOMES that I hate
got harassed by gnomes then molested by guy with multiple legs 10/10 would recommend
I got touched by many leg men and gnomes.
10/10
GOOD!
+
El maldito mejor juego que he comprado, jugado y disfrutado en los 5 y eso que tengo 2000hs de Pubg.
mano
+
Lost 20k worth of stuff to an obese baby and then got devoured by a giant head 10/10 experience
amazing
shi
very repo
fun
yeds
Witzig!
8 13
The "ROAAHHH *shotgun fire*" kill me 3 TIME ON THE SAME GAME, hmm W
Los gnomos esos me ponen mucho.
Me encanta cuando el esperma volador se me mete en la boca
My friend saw me as a skibidi toilet 10/10
friend killed me by smacking me with a plush 10/10
- 10/10
090100101012391230
Super fun totally worth the 10$
it be peak
3 2 1
Finanzamt-Simulator 2077
Steuern zahlen macht keinen aber sie eintreiben? 10/10!
rozgrywka bardzo zabawna, gdy grasz z znajomych, smiechu co nie miara, szkoda tylko ze nie da sie gdy np dnia zabraknie na z pieter
Es demasiado god este juego con amigos
we need Chinese
game of the year
Avarage FedEx worker experience
this shit is really fun at night
ww
sigma
Good game
Este juego es demasiado divertido.
(R.E.P.O.) es un juego de terror donde el enemigo real es tu incapacidad para cargar un televisor sin romperlo o matar a tu con un
11/10
incredibly fun game with friends
Fun.
If you like Lethal Company, you will like this!
42
NI TU MAMA ME GUSTA TANTO
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
YES
Literally the best game ever and they still have so much more that they're planning on adding. Using the discussion page to find people isn't hard so we can play online even though its not an actual part of the game yet. The devs seem like they truly care and will put in the work so this game has a very high ceiling.
SO FUNNY HAHA
bomba, doporucuju
METAN SOPORTE PARA MODS
This game is great, I played it with my friend, and then I played it with my parents. This game is one of the first I've seen which makes losing fun and hilarious. Now, one thing I'd like, is if they could nerf the head guy, and Robe. The head guy can two shot you and he can see from under cover, with beds being his only counter. Robe is slightly more fair, but he can be pretty stupid in singleplayer. Here's a scenario for once I was playing singleplayer; I was looting and then I saw him, instantly turned around because I know what he does. But I'm not too sure he's actually behind me, because I have no teammates to call that out for me, so I look down to maybe perhaps see if he was behind me, which then I was instantly decapitated even though I wasn't even looking at him. Please just nerf those two and this will be GOTY on my mama. Also, buying things in the shop is a little slow, you really have to grab EVERY valuable you can from every map to buy a lot of things, especially when stamina upgrades start costing more than 10K bro. Maybe half the prices of everything? But, really good game in general, just really wish they removed the team-orientated enemies from the dedicated singleplayer mode. Also, rugrats a little annoying, I wish he was a little lighter because even with Strength I, I can't throw him really. Oh, and more about Singleplayer, just make it easier. It's a dedicated game mode to only playing singleplayer, which I thought things would be different than the actual multiplayer game, with it being easier. One death is all it takes it ruin a run. But in multiplayer it's really unfair because you can have a team of 6 and you'd have the same difficulties as them in a solo game. One death is all it takes to ruin a solo run, but in a team of 6 competent players, you can revive eachother like crazy with how many extraction points could get added at later levels. (P.S. The amount of players that don't understand the huntsman is actually crazy, he can hear proximity chat guys)
2
THIS GAME IS AMAZING TO PLAY WITH FRIENDS OR ALONE!(sry caps lock was on)
An incredibly fun game.
It takes the Lethal Company formula and fixes most of its problems: you can actually hide from monsters, you can fight and kill them, you don't always get one-shotted, you can respawn mid-round, transporting loot is made fun and challenging and not simply a chore, maps are no longer just a collection of empty rooms with some useless furniture scattered around and there is so, SO much more.
If you liked Lethal Company you will love this game; if you never tried Lethal, instead, now it's a good time to pick up the genre and have fun with your friends
really fun game only issue is a soft lock out of items if you lose an expensive one it may be game over.
Why the items I pick up break just like my heart
4 okrada "ludzi" bogatynia lore accurate 10/10
this game is amazing
to guapo un bicho se cargo a mi amigo
10 10
its aight
So far one of the best games of this genre, Fun both in single and multiplayer. It is able to be a proper horror game while also having a very strong sense of humor. lots of enemies, lots of gadgets, lots of loot (sometimes with unique and challenging attributes that require planning and teamwork to overcome, other times they can be just entertaining too)
360
nice game but please make a lot more content with less ghosts
very fun play with friends and troll around
- Physics based version of Lethal Company
- Cute characters, with text-to-speech capability
- High skill ceiling, with an easy to learn interface
- Up to 6(?) friends!
+Recommended Easy! If you liked Lethal Company, or if you like just messing around with your friends in a spooky haunted house (or arctic research station, or Hogwarts) then you'll enjoy this! [Also I love your work Semiworks! Big fan of both of your games, cheers guys <3 ]
Oieai oieai
Great game and not just a lethal company dupe
300
GOOD needs more info on the monsters tho and how to counter them
Dla mnie to spoko gra oraz do ze znajomymi oraz np testowania na znajomym gry lub nie obejrzy mechaniki ( ja szczerze sam mechaniki ) Jeden - tej gry jest "Tryb Online" ale dla mnie to nie jest problem heh. Ale do samej gry dla mnie jest bardzo rozgrywkowa pod mechaniki oraz Voisechatu, Polecam gre dla tych co zabawy.
jeu vraiment fun, de nombreux fous rire avec mes potes!
Finally, a game that lets me be the repo man my landlord thinks I am.
Spam U's in TTS for wind
I really like the bones of this game, and will keep playing it, but I feel that the core mechanics need some love.
- there can be a lot of downtime when you die and spend ten minutes just watching your friends play.
- enemies can sometimes appear out of nowhere, without audio cues to give you a heads up.
- the jank of a physics-based game is part of the charm, but it can be an exercise in frustration watching items lose thousands in value through tiny mistakes that leaves the level unwinnable.
I love the character design, I love the obvious care that has gone into the game, and I cannot wait to love it more as development progresses.
Vraiment bon jeu en co op. vraiment une petite pour rire
Das Spiel ist ein sehr gutes spiel freundes Gruppen
yay
This game is extremely fun and addicting - to play both with friends and randoms on discord servers. 100% worth its price. Content is limited, but of course it is a beta version. Seems like a simple enough game, but skill ceiling is really high.
Cannot recommend enough.
Good one
10/10,
Funne
I really like this one of the Lethal company like games.
No time limit is great.
It's wonderfully silly.
Not as difficult as similar games which is nice for playing with friends.
Great scary moments.
Love the player buff upgrades.
10/10 for me
10 10!
scary guy
Lethal Company
good
MARMOK TYN TYN TYN TYN TYN
Very scary duck
Smashy smashy gnomes
wwwwww game
h
ROCK YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH
the perfect mix or fun and horror, easy to learn even for a new-ish pc player
Muy buen juego, pero tus inutiles no saben llevar objetos sin romperlos y los bichos son demasiado feos 7.5/10
fun iff you have friends
AHHHHHHH OH FU- *Explodes*
better than sex
Juegazo con amigos
so insanely fun
100%
Holy shit this is so awesome!
honestly, and i mean this from the depths of my soul, this game infuriates me like no other, and yet i am completely addicted to it. i genuinely don't understand it. it's maddening.
join the madness, if you dare.
I killed my friend with a pocket watch, then was killed by my other friend throwing up on me. Worth
ts game tuff icl twn
S
10
Super fun and hilarious with friends
3 100 10!
con un par de amigos vale una banda la pena
norm
yuh
I have nearly pissed myself laughing more times than I can count with this game, 10/10
this game is funny with more people
2
stupid fun, in every sense. Take lethal company, add lots of polish and make it a moving company of absolute morons. and the pixelated textures are wonderful for the atmosphere. Nothing like realizing there's no one around you and you can't carry that vase by yourself, while there's a megamind alien smashing you into the ground.
got my friend killed with a clown telling me i shouldn't have done that
game of the year fs
robot cool
ta bom
top
Nice game
gOOD sOUP
Fakt super hra 10Xkrat jak Lethal
divertio
Best eyes contact game ever and it's very emotional when we fucked up with friends by 1 stupid flying old man head and the Invisible bastard. Delicious
Game is amazing love the developers!
The game is one of the best horror games out there
8
-
/cinematic - HUD
/greenscreen -
2 10 10
I ran into a cube i was carrying, took 50 damage and died
10/10 would recommend
:
11 10
my friend sacrificed me to mama coco i would recommend
We truly R.E.P.O.ed
needs quick play or open multiplayer lobbies
Such an entertaining game, but the banner and all the emoji stuff makes it look like slop that was put together in 20 minutes when it is anything but that
spooky 'n' goofy
muito bom recomendo
Absurd, silly, destructive, hilarious.
666
fun asf w friends
Giga dobra giereczka
Highly recommend.
Taxes
Better than Lethal
TOP
GOD UN CAGO DE RISA CULIADO
Un cague de risa absoluto
amazing game for only being out for not so long. no bugs seen yet and just a really fun game!
This game a fantastic combination of hilariously stupid while still maintaining that tense horror aspect (especially when you are the only one alive). My heart goes out to the devs for giving us such an awesome blessing of a game despite being a small team working on it, and are actively updating the game as well. Amazing game for 2025, 100% worth spending money on.
P.S. - The devs should change the thumbnail for the game in my opinion, when I first saw it I honestly thought it was one of those low budget meme games.
LethalCompany -
ye
Such a good game I love playing with my friends and so easy to get the hang of it 10/10 better than lethal company.
lethal company but better
Un veterano de la guerra me caga a tiros
THIS GAME IS INSANELY FUNNY I LOVE IT
i love it
TLDR:
Game ruined by it's strange and unintuitive enemy roster. Demotivating early game, poor replayablity, and blatant and lazy clip farming game design. A balanced game can still be scary and hectic! Letahl Company set the bar too high for these games.
As someone who played 200 hours of Lethal Company, I was super hype to approach a new promising title similar to LC. I get that a lot of people only play these games to farm clips, but LC has established such a high bar for longevity and replay-ability. This game, does not facilitate any desire for me to want to keep playing.
The enemies are just a jumbled confusing mess of mechanics, inconsistent rules, and poor balance. I figured with the presentation and polish that all of the animations and social aspects bring, the balance of the game would follow suit and mesh together nicely. However, the game relies too heavily on expecting you to progress far that it makes the starting portion of the game with base stats and no items just plain miserable. Monsters consistently one shot you or rag-doll you into an inescapable stun lock. The stamina runs out so fast, your option for nearly every enemy in the game is to hope you are near something to hide under, and then proceed to wait around for said enemy to leave or kill you. The enemies are so ugly and busy, nothing at all about them is intuitive aside from the Gnomes which actually play into the games physics based premise.
If you want your players to fight the enemies, make the attacks of your players more responsive. Not to mention rules for enemy spawn rates should be better because the interactions you have with more than literally one enemy is just unfun.
I get it though, easy streaming cash grab that farms reddit clips. Lethal Company showed us that these types of games can and should have depth.
good game with friend buy it
No friends ;(
upd: even less after
I love working for amazon
Funny aside, here's my wishlist of things I wish the devs would change:
1. Please remove that awful looking emoji it's so weird looking
2. NERF THE BABY. ITEMS SHOULD HAVE WEIGHTS. LIGHTER ITEMS SHOULD HURT LESS.
3. NERF THE CLOWN. Or at least make its nose grabbable, or SOMETHING.
4. NERF THE MASK LADY! She has literally no counter! She just JUMPS you and oneshots you!
5, PLEASE let stamina recharge faster oh my GOD.
6. Scale monster damage depending on player count or something.
And then just nitpicks:
1. I wish there were more level specific items, and more levels overall
2. More secret rooms <3
3. Having an hourglass voice changer I could buy would be really funny
can't wait for the full version
Lethal Company 2023 10+ R.E.P.O. Company-like.
[i] REPO
5-6 REPO 3, 19, 300
- -
-
good game need new map
Esquizofrenicamente PUTA QUE PARIU MUITO BOM! Eu humilhei e fui humilhado por destruir um de alto valor
ta faltando uma PTBR
BU OYUNDA PLEYIR VARMI YOKMU OLMUYOR LAZIM
Game is great and I've had several funny moments that had me keeled over in laughter. Only real complaint is that the game needs more methods of bringing dead players back to life during the round. I've had several rounds where the lone surviving player spent 20-30 minutes trying to get everyone's head back to the current extraction in addition to finding and bringing enough loot back to the extraction point while trying to avoid 4-5 wandering monsters around the map, and as one of the dead players waiting to tag back in it is not particularly fun or engaging to watch someone else struggle for 30 minutes. There needs to be some way to get people back into the game after they die quickly, because it's not particularly fun to spend 60-70% of the time watching someone else play. If they can speed up the process of getting players back into the game in some way, that will improve the core gameplay loop and will make it much more fun. THAT SAID, it's an extremely fun game that is 100% worth the price of admission if you have people to play with.
On se marre xD
Atualmente (sem o jogo estar finalizado) considero que o jogo bom. Ele funciona para o que se mas vale a pena pagar o inteiro para jogar 2 horas e enjoar do jogo.
muito divertido para se jogar com a companhia de amigos, mecanicamente simples e infinito.
mais um daqueles jogos de explorar um local, pegar itens e fugir de monstros, explorar um local, pegar itens e fugir de monstros, explorar.
Senti que o jogo ficou saturado 2 horas consecutivas de jogatina por falta de variedades de mapas, monstros, poderes e Chegou a um ponto em que todos os inimigos e havia muito o que se fazer de pegar itens limitados no mapa (o que um grande problema, pois se todos os itens quebrarem como terminar a fase sem ter que se matar e perder todo o seu progresso da run).
Alguns monstros conseguem SILENCIOSAMENTE te matar em um ataque a muito quando um amigo morre do nada. Mas eu acredito que haver como identificar um inimigo se aproximando possa ser um grande problema para alguns jogadores.
Fun game, anyone need someone to play with add me.
Um dos jogos mais divertidos que joguei nos tempos, vale muito a pena dado o atual (R$ 33) e os devs parecem ser bem empenhados em atualizar o game com coisas novas e boas.
I recommend this game:
1st. if you are allowed to scream BECAUSE this game will make you scream. at your friend for breaking stuff. at all the FUN little umm. creatures.
2nd. if you dont mind being 360 no scoped like from the early call of duty lobbies by the retirement home gandpa gangster
3rd. if you be pinned up against a wall, bed or even the floor for some reason or another.
4th. watching half of your friends try to do basic math while the other half are throwing all type of gernades, frying pans and bats.
5th. if you dont mind throw up. not just little but like alot
and most importantly, if you like petting lil baby duckies. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND GIVING THIS FEATURE A TRY.
finally a good successor to lethal company
i have not laughed this hard at a game before oh my god
Very very fun with friends. Art style and graphics make me cre*amn. Its got the perfect balance of silly asnd scary. Play this gaaaame.
This game is so funny and so worth getting. Playing the game hurts my chest from laughing so much. Watching clips of moments after still make my chest hurt from laughing so much. 10/10 recommend
MY TEAMMATES ARE ALL MORONS!
2
CINE
VIDEO GAME
Single player mode is okay. But playing this game with the boys is a blast. We could not stop laughing. Best $10 game I've seen in a while.
lethel company.
the most fun ive had with a sardine
i REed and then i POoed. fire game.
Stamina usage is so unfair
Out of the 2 hours I've played this game, I've spent at least an hour thirty minutes dead because my teammates keep killing me at the start.
1 session, 10 hours, fun
sigma
cracked
w skibidi
fun with groups
it is really fun
-288 -2,467 -3,330
Funny and time passing.
with the lads 10/10
We're getting out of the headman manor with this one
10/10 funny as heck love so much fun with my friends <3
Very good co-op game! I highly recommend!
to. jest. jedna. z. najlepszych. gier. w. jakie.
This game is the best thing that has ever happened since sliced bread
I have never laughed so hard breaking a 35K piano.
Funniest shit you'll ever play with the right friends, absolutely must have
Spooky game.
this is fun
Great game, The baby monster needs to be removed though the fact it breaks objects making it hard to reach certain checkpoints
I love being a person that repos stuff!
Buen juego si tienes buenos amigos yo lo juge con mi amigo el balapapa pacogege y mariana,fue una experiencia unica y la vrdad la recomiendo
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
its super good but when someone gets the face parasite thing they always just ruin the game lol
You can actually fight back the monsters here, and it often goes like[url= this [/url]
The best horror extraction game, its like if lethal company had a baby with content warning, and ended up better than its parents, grab some friends and its peak entertainment
goty
good
k
ts so fire ts dpmo icl ts so peak
very funny
Easier and less damaging to the psyche than actual debt collection.
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
My car got repoed. I loved that car but I missed many payments.
14.136
ngl this game is fucking amazing and i want MORE
Muito bom, matei meus amiguinhos pq eles ficavam batendo o carrinho em mim e me derrubando no ^
As more games come out with the Lethal Company looter horror game, this is a game in the series that is pretty fun compared to some other games in the genre. However, I would still say it's in that early development stage and will need updates. I would like to give a longer review, talking about all the good points in detail, but for now, I really want to help the developers with some balancing things I noticed that keep this game from reaching a stronger potential. I will update this review and add all the pros and cons when I have played for more hours to get a more comprehensive feel for everything. While the price seems high for what it is, based on taxes and Steam cuts in order for this game to continue to have support from a small team, I believe the price is justified and worth it.
The game is really fun with friends, and having a limit of 6 players is great for larger friend groups while not feeling overwhelming still. Some loot items have special characteristics that require some skill, especially teamwork for larger objects. Enemy designs feel fresh and interesting and have some unique counter-plays like the gnomes. Game settings like graphics and voice volume are amazing to find a better feel. In-game text to speech is a welcome addition to people without a mic or funny moments. There is no censorship on what the text-to-speech can say and possibly in the future with open random lobbies there could be some issues. Possible addition to have censored text to speech as an option for individuals would be needed. The character design and movement are fluid and cute and most of all unique, although crouching under the bed can give the illusion that you won't fit hiding, sliding, rolling, and crouching feel great. The ability to customize is currently only color, but that is enough for now and gives an extensive pallete to choose from. The spectate, icons, menu, UI, and UX are really well done. If you choose to skip the tutorial, it is still easy to learn pretty fast and I felt is not really needed in order to understand and enjoy the game. On top of this, popups will occasionally appear to guide you, especially if it's the first time the player encounters something new while not being obtrusive, bothersome, or spoiling what the game has in store. I can't wait to see what this small team does and hope they further support this game with updates on fixes and content. With that being said, below are some of the bigger issues I noticed that could be tweaked (spoilers) :)
[spoiler]
1. If you all die, you immediately go into a free-for-all mode to see who is the king of the losers
Sometimes this can take a long time, especially with 6 people, I think the floor should drop faster on the timer
I am unsure, but it felt as though actual powerful weapons like swords, shotguns, etc, were very limited in drop rates. So sometimes you would be left with items that are hard to kill each other with, for example, a statute or a heavy box. I'm sure these items are for decoration. A fix could be that more items drop into the arena after a certain amount of time.
Everybody in the arena starts off with a brand new 100 hp. However, this can also feel laborious to kill your friends, so tweaking the health to be lower to kill someone faster would be nice.
2. If you die while your friends survive and they fail to respawn you or you are left, the next time you respawn you are at 1hp.
I'm not entirely sure why this decision was made, now you can have teammates heal you by using their health, you could buy a med-kit, and the ship can heal. I think for default you should be at least at 15hp or maybe more. Sometimes you are unable to buy extra medkits, or other players are in lower health and are unable to heal much of you.
3. Sometimes enough items become damaged or broken that it is impossible to complete the quota.
I have noticed sometimes if teammates screw up or the items in the cart, get broken or damaged, sometimes there are not enough items even in the map anymore to fill quota. A problem occurs mostly when, say, 1 person is left alive and can't carry a heavy object. There is a system to end the match through the pause menu if you end your life. However, there is no way to know for certain that enough items still exist on the map to fill quota. I think having a simple counter on the main vehicle screen showing the total amount of the current value in a map could fix it. That value could change based on damage, loss, and existing objects, which would help living players figure out if it's worth hunting for the loot still or just giving up.
4. Stamina can be a bit of an issue, running out a little too soon or not topping up faster
Currently in the game you can buy upgrades for stamina or health, however, the base stamina doesn't feel like it is enough. There are times where, if you are not super careful, and go into hiding spots, it seems impossible to run from certain creatures. I don't even think it's just the amount of time to run but rather it takes a very long time to regain stamina. Either way, the base needs a buff
5. Implement a throw option
There should be a really forceful throw that you can do, like in death match you could use this to chuck someone off as sometimes when you wind up to toss it's just that little bit of extra time. Or if you have an item you could use to throw to send it flying to the bin and have a teammate catch it, or if it's a vase, it just breaks. You could even go as far as throwing an object, which could stun enemies for a short duration. To balance it using a section of stamina to throw objects, the heavier the object, the more stamina it uses.
6. Truck AFK area?
I'm not exactly sure why there is a part where you load into the truck driving on the highway. It seems like a spot to AFK or join up, however, I felt the shop does justice to AFK. there doesn't seem to be a reason for this loading part, as after visiting the shop, you still don't see your items until you reach the next destination.
7. The Shop buying issue
When you buy things from the shop, they just disappear until you reach the next destination. I really like the ability to test the products to see if you want them, however, if you buy an item, you can't see it on the ship. I think a light blue force-field or something could mark the territory between the shop and vehicle, that way you can have purchased items already spawn inside as well as keep items that someone is messing with out of the purchased area.
[spoiler]
That's all for now, feel free to comment any things you might have noticed in your game that you would like to be fixed or anything else. I plan on updating the review over time
ta bueno
Funny and scary? Cooperative and chaotic fun? Yes, please.
lethal company like game - but better. This game is a lot of fun with friends. once past LVL 5, it gets really hard. more mobs per map, holes that will instantly kill you if you fall in.
the one thing id like to see in the game (that i can think of so far) = a button so you can look behind you while carrying an object.
Maybe more weapons to kill the mob, or a drone that heals/revives.
maybe some cosmetics (that can be unlocked in game, please don't ruin this fun game with micro transactions)
In all, would recommend to any group of friends looking for a good laugh, and a few screams of fear.
dsdssdssd
La neta bien chistoso jugarlo con varios amigos y salen clips muy cotorros
jueguenlo, vale la pena.
-$6.578
Fun game
OK
fun w homies
Genuinely such a fun game, wide variety of different monsters which makes for a fun and new experience each round.
R.E.P.O. um jogo de outro No os mapas podem parecer um pouco repetitivos, mas relaxa depois do level 4 que a acontece. A dificuldade aumenta, a adrenalina dispara e cada fase traz surpresas que te deixar grudado na tela. aquele tipo de jogo que te faz querer chamar a galera, porque a (e a raiva, kkk) vem garantida. Se curte desafios intensos, momentos e aquela dose extra de R.E.P.O. a pedida certa. Altamente recomendando jogar com amigos!
lethal company copy fun
SO FUN SO GOOD YYEH YEH YEH PLAY IT WITH FRIEMDS CANT WAIT FOR MORE UPDATES
Last person alive, run under a table to escape somebody with a shotgun. The "person" comes right up to the table I am under, stands there for about 10 seconds as i'm silent, then leaves. Right as he gets to the door I laugh out loud at him for not finding me, and he immediately turns around and blasts me with the shotgun.
FUN
This game silli c:
Pretty great game, very funny with friends
180
10/10
muy divertido y mas si lo juegas con lesbianas
:)
The game is ruined by severe latency, making it unplayable. Also, the lack of Chinese support is disappointing, especially considering China's large gaming market. Developers, please fix these issues to tap into this potential audience. Until then, I can't recommend it.
Let's see. head blown off twice, body vaporized by what we've only been able to describe as "big shoe", chewed to death by human spiders, melted by acid, and shooting each other to death using guns in the shops. This game is the perfect burglar in rural texas simulator!
EL JUEGO ES BUENISIMO Y SUPER DIVERTIDO SOLO LE HACE FALTA PERMITIR ENTRAR A SALAS NO SOLO CON AMIGOS, TAMBIEN CON GENTE ALEATORIA Y GOTY.
The banner being an emoji threw me off against looking at this game initially but its genuinely an enjoyable game with funny gimmicks; my friends and I were dying of laughter every moment ingame
Weirdly relaxing. I don't get scared to easily though.
The best Lethal Company clone game I've played by far. I think it is even a good bit more fun than Lethal Company. Very much worth the price.
Good fun game so far and kind of scary.
this game is so much fun 10/10. You need friends tho or you're cooked
We literally just played 8 hours and didn't even notice. Its pretty brain numbing and enjoyable.
good scary game with a group of friends. lotta laughs whole lotta shits
its fun throwing my friends into pits
This game is so fun! Has the whole friend group laughing yet terrified all at the same time!
The character models are *Chefs Kiss*
Definitely recommend for a fun night with pals!
great game to play with uncle frank and tony and glenda
fun
this game is absolutely hilarious
:D
This is gas
silly game that is only 7.99 at the time I bought it (early access) but I mean pretty good for early access.
i ike to repo my friends. type shi
microwave roleplay
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
you reap what you.owe.
First, this is one of those times I hate the fact that Steam only has recommend or not, as options. While I don't hate the game, it is another Lethal Company clone, trying to cash in on a quick buck using the same formula. There really is not much that sets it apart from LC, at all. That being said, I definitely would not recommend the game. Even for $10 I feel it is overpriced. There just is not much to the game. At less than 5 hours of playtime, I feel I have seen all the game has to offer. I really am stumped at how this game is currently at Overwhelmingly Postitive with 14k reviews. I am happy for them, I just don't understand. I am not sure if the art style is to blame or something else, but I never really felt a sense of urgency or any real scares, either. Maybe, I am expecting too much, comparing it to other extraction horror games like Phasmophobia. I don't know.
All that being said, there is a bit of fun buried in the game. I played with two of my friends and we had a few laughs. I doubt I would have had those laughs with randos on the internet, but I did have some laughs. Maybe, as they progress with development, it will grow and become a bit more busy and entertaining. Time will tell. I hope so.
Overall, I would pick this game up at $5 and be happy with wasting an hour or two on it here and there. Nothing fancy or overcomplicated. Just some quick mindless fun that can start to feel repetitive very quickly.
Hehe I love R.E.P.O. so much! I surely hope nothing bad happens and I can enjoy playing with my friends!
Unknowingly, I launced R.A.P.O. from my steam library, which are next to each other due to their similar names.
This game helped me get over my divorce.
I rate this my failed marriage out of 10
Great game, fun, spooky and better with friends. Would recommend to anyone that likes the extraction style games. 8/10
yes
deveras interessante
Entertaining, funny, and fun to play. The chat feature is the best part
incredible
Fun
fun
10 10
Love this game so much and found out about it because of other people's clips on tiktok. It's sooooooo good and fun to play! The monsters are unique looking, the duck is a bich lol but so cute. I'm glad I got it as soon as I saw the clips online! I do think the emoji banner should be changed from a emoji to something else. It makes the game look sus and possibly throws off others to not buy it if they aren't aware of what the game is. But it's so worth the price and can't wait for the future updates! Have nothing bad to say about the game tbh. The whole text to speech is funny af and love the simple character designs also!
PEAK
Jajas garantizados! ya sea por las situaciones chistosas que diluyen bastante el elemento de terror, o por que no falta el que la riegue sin querer queriendo y termine desparrifando algo XD y combinarlo con fue un giro interesante en la formula.
my favorite kind of extraction horror games to play with a friend but the robe is is impossible to counter and is straight up a run ender and i believe he requires a debuff
esta chimbita pero cules bichos cansones
Already the best game
knocked 10 years off my life
lethal company walked so repo could run.
good
10/10 so fun and makes me laugh til I cry each round
It's traumatizing but fun.
Never laught so much with my friends. 10/10
This game is great with friends and doesn't feel like a reskin of Lethal company or content warning they did a great job making something familiar yet different enough to have a great time
Grape game. Thubs up
Shotgun Boy
Genuinely I have laughed and had more fun on this game than lethal company (And lethal company is already amazing)
The Emoji banner is misleading, this is a 10/10. Buy it.
smegma game
Very good game! Its only been out for 2 weeks and its already really well polished and fun. Its a little basic in terms of progression, and some minor tweaks are needed. But compared to other Indie games of the same genre, this has great right out of the gate, which is rare.
9/10 would 100% recommend.
an absolute blast i have never laughed so hard in a very long time with friends definitely worth the buy and highly recommend
i Love to play this with my friend and also i really like the pixel camera options so it isn't so pixely:)
Very good game, love the camera options and how you can change the pixelation options too. Unique and not like a lot of other games
Muchas risas, muy bueno!
i can hit kids with frying pans
A refreshing coop scrap extraction similar to Lethal Company, but with Physics, and really fun movement system. It's really fun with friends!
10/10 Havent laughed this hard in a long time!
I didn't think the lethal company formula could get any better. If you loved that game you'll ADORE this one for sure!
The duck is a lie
repo
10/10
Malisimo, muy aburrido.
this game is actualy fuckiong peak
good
Underrated game. I hope they eventually add more maps and add public lobby (maybe with trust factor).
The shenanigans are fantastic. 10/10.
Change the emoji tho. Make it the bots.
its aight
funny great game to play with friends
10 10
JUEGAZOO BRO CHIDO PARA JUGAR CON COMPAS ME ENCANTA QUE SEA DE 6 JUGADORES.
DON'T PICK UP THE CUTE DUCK
funny mouth go brrrrrrr
all hail the taxman
this game is either incoherent laughing or screaming no inbetween 11/10
10/10
Easy to learn, dumb fun, impossible to play with friends that enjoy fun. 10/10
Es como las mamadas que da la abuela
tremendo juegazo, si queres meter horas y horas un sabado a la noche con tus amigos, este es el juego ideal, este juego mezcla el miedo con las risas y la concentracion, sumado a que lo puede tener cualquiera literal, no te pide nada. GOTY
Great relaxing/funny horror game. Better the more people you play with. 6 people squad was very chaotic and hilarious.
you should have a team to play with but then its good
la cabeza de mi compa como tope de puerta del para impedir mi asesinato, posteriormente otro compa le esa misma puerta para que me asesinen.
10/10
Good
Told a friend to shut it and got shot in the back by a blind dude. 10/10
Melhor que lethal company
Pretty good game! Love almost all the vibes and aesthetics of the game EXCEPT the emoji stuff. I get that it has narrative corporate satire behind it but it's admittedly just not very appealing to me. Using it on all the steam banners advertising the game almost made me avoid it entirely, was only swayed after friends recommended it and double checking who the devs were, which most people wouldn't think to do.
The physics based object movement is incredibly fun and interesting. 6 players over the usual 4 is nice as with these games getting more and more popular, a higher player count is appreciated. Plus, you DO greatly benefit from 6 players, its hard enough to get by with that many even still. The items the game offers aren't immediately easy for players to feel encouraged to use, BUT when you do figure them out they make survival REALLY interesting and engaging. Some loot items even have unique curse effects which spices up the game in a really creative way.
That said, there's one major issue with how the game is currently designed: It does not encourage players to hurry up enough/doesn't give dead players anything to do.
In lethal company, there's a constant timer that pressures players to keep moving, so being dead isn't that big of a deal. Days are short, so the time you spend laughing at your friends surviing without you still feels nice. In Content warning, there is no global timer, but your time is tied to your camera which you need to use to get money, so you naturally burn your time and are encouraged to leave quickly.
Here, while still interesting for a little while, there is no timer, and your defensive options are not nearly as snappy or strong as a game like lethal (it's a bit more like content warning's survival and movement in that regard), and your best defensive option is to sit there and hide. This means, unless you unmute in an external voice chat and tell a player to hurry along, much less even find where you died to revive you mid run, you could be sitting there for anywhere between 5 and *45 minutes* of your teammates crouching around trying to find things and revive you.
While a slower pace does benefit this games gameplay style, this is TOO slow. If it's going to have an unlimited round timer, dead players need something to do to engage with or help living ones. If not, put some time pressure on them to get them moving naturally. Even with revives at quota bins, which can take a while to find crouching around the enemies and hiding, you only come back with 1hp and can easily die to anything, *including physics bumps from friends*, meaning you'll have to wait that whole gather round to come back (assuming they even find your head to revive you in some situations). In content warning, it's revive system is more controlled by the player, letting them burn a defib on the spot, but here you have to wait till you gather enough items to come back.
That's all further not helped by rounds having multiple quota bins as you progress, which is a VERY interesting spin but makes rounds drag out even longer. Players may need to be revived no matter what once a quota is met, and instead if the head is recovered just give them more hp.
The early game is really fun! The late game drags on too much. That about sums it up, with a few updates this could be a really amazing game!
and, also, maybe a change in steam thumbnails are in order. I like the robots, I'd have bought the game sooner if thats how the game was marketed, use them more! I don't like the emojis, actively made me almost not buy the game.
Jose compratelo cpero <3
Most fun I've had with my siblings/friends on a game in years
im gay
fire
Peak
best of the ones like this
Friend 1 arms a grenade.
Friend 2 hears it, turns around while holding an object. Accidentally smacks friend 1.
Friend 1 loses grip on grenade due to blunt force trauma. Grenade drops to ground.
Entire party blown to kingdom come.
10/10, no notes
silly haha WOAH scary too
This game is good, really good. Some small parts feel a little unfair but its difficult I can respect that.
What I can't respect is the weapons. Why would I pay 25k for a weapon that I can barely use, and is likely to just get me killed? The ranged weapons are ok I suppose, but the melee are just too unwieldy. If I swing at something I expect to hit it.
00
Nothing brings 5 friends closer together than working together to carry a LONG and HARD SHAFT
holy f@!k
Very fun with a group! It takes lethal company and improves it significantly
axuenno
funny trashcan robots
GOTY
Not going to lie, I have been playing this with my friends and I have been watching their vods on tiktok on this game before it came out and I was so pumped for this game lol It is 100% amazing and I love this game so much to play with friends. Its a real game to try out and challenge your friends in some trust and scares. I 100% lock my friends in the rooms and have no regrets lmfao
beep boop
my theory is that the emoji banner is there on purpose so everyone talk,s about it in the reviews
Lots of laughs funny things happen game is pretty good
its hype
This is an amazing gaming experience for my whole group, the game play mechanics are amazing,l the atmosphere is perfect but most importantly is that its very funny.
i got sacrificed
foda.
I dont know cormacs never played
super fun for the fellas to go. (drunk is optional alwqays fun
extremamente divertido para jogar com os amigos
muy bueno
Funny mouth robots making bank while simultaneously shitting their pants. good game 10/10.
Its like lethal company but more funny
S
It is a lot more difficult then it looks, but the enemies are interesting, the game is hilarious and it is just so fun. This is the best game I have played in awhile
yea
So goofy. So fun. So recommend.
El mejor juego del mundo Dios
game is fun, but CmereSweetHeart comment, aint it.
It's super fun with friends. Solo is fun too, but I feel like you miss out playing alone.
Better than lethal company
el juego, se juega de a 6 por las dudas, te eternamente
Drugged some guy with a gun then threw him into a pit
amazing game
Stupid funny & fun
muito divretido de jogar com amigos
game
LOVE the game LOVE the logo its was made me look at this game in the first place the curiosity of finding out what it was. Crazy fun game with friends, I hope the devs add more content to this game and that they keep adding more stuff for a long time. Hope the Emoji Logo remains for ever.
This is one of the best extraction horrors. IMO better than Lethal Company. Super cute and fun to play with buddies.
goofy fun with friends whats not to like!?
got molested by a frog with a cheff hat 10/10
otimo, nao da medo, porem ele otimo para se divertir.
literally one of the most fun games I've ever played
good game
better than lethal company
freinds+r.e.p.o=bestest time ever
funny
Funniest game I have ever played.
-
10 10
wow
she R.E. on my P. till I O.
This game is genuinely very good, its sort of like if Lethal company actually wanted to be fun. The gravity based mechanics are very fun to play with, and the fact that you can use multiple teammates to lift heavy objects easier is very cool. Can't wait to see this games full launch.
fall through the map with every little action dont buy
If someone tells you they dont want to waste money and download a game because it feels like flavor of the month trash. THIS is that game.
this is the best game ever perfect fear to comedy couldnt ask for a better game. have literal tears in my eyes from laughing
Ta muy bueno
This is probably one of the most fun games I have played in a while. If you like messing around with friends but also taking games semi-seriously, this is perfect.
the most fun ive had playing a game in a hot minute. was skeptical on getting it since i dont have a lot of PC friends but the discord made it super easy to find randoms to join since theres no matchmaking. Would highly recommend if you want a goofy horror survival game.
gr8
holy peak best played with friends its really funny right now the replay ability is ok at best but with more levels, enemies and valubals its would be one of the best games ever
fun game i love game
I love Thunder Humor!
very fun 10/10
Insanely fun shit
W game. Its on the same level as lethal company. Even better with friends!
Is good
This game is the best collect and extract game ever made, best inception to the genre, this is essentially the equivalent of "Among Us" of gaming releases this year, and this game deserves every bit of it. Honestly way more fun then lethal, and better then most other collection n extract games out here. Heal your soul and play this game with a friend or get a large party, trust me. You will be missing out if you do not play this game.
:D
The game itself isnt bad but i has some major flaws right now so I don't recommend anyone play this in its current state.
The networking or however the game works to play with other people is really great when it actually works and doesn't have everyone dc every few minutes of a run which makes the game unplayable. The devs want to add matchmaking which is cool but I don't see it going well when doing private matches with friends is this awful and inconsistent.
Another flaw of the game is the enemy design. They look cool and thats about it for what is good about the mobs. Without weapons they are just annoying especially when they spawn 30 seconds into a run.
I'm looking forward to the devs making further progress on this game and fixing issues so hopfully that come sometime soon
Its amazing to play with friends makes amazing moments just make sure you can clip them because I have the funniest clips ever because of this game
Mega
nice game
Absolutely incredible game, so many cool features ive never seen before. Hands down the best $10 I have spent in so long. Thank you guys for making this game. I really haven't laughed this hard on a video game in my adult life in years. I cannot wait to see what you guys come up with on this. Really making gaming great again with this one. Thank you again.
PARA JIJEARSE CON AMIGOS
Lethal company es una basura comparada con esta obra de arte
fun AF!
Its a very fun game but a lot of things make it quite frustrating. One thing, why can enemies hit me through walls, I get away but still get punished. The stamina regen feels horrible, it make speed feel like the best stamina upgrade because who cares about capacity when my stamina disappears at mach speed and takes a year to get to my max stamina. Enemies are kinda bullshit, it feels like they just don't follow any rules sometimes and if the game decides they will just kill you. It feels like sometimes the guns just decide they don't want to work, melee weapons it feels like you have to put so much effort into a swing that does nothing.
this game is fire system is so fun i buy this game and play like 10 times in a row
Ive never laughed so hard in my life while playing a game with my friends. Very pollished,
I enjoy it, text 2 speech funny. gnome kill me. go again. die. go again make money, buy mine blow up friends. king of losers.
this. big purple hourglass. is. so beautiful.
GOD
pegada lethal e content, divertido para jogar entre amigos, um terrorzinho bacana e sem falar das risadas maravilhosas. Um jogo perfeito.
Hilarious
-Finds a duck
-Pets duck
-Duck eats my face
10/10 game
Very fun game to play with your friends, have been playing it since i got it and have had so many bellylaughs
Excellent game, very funny! I absolutely recommend this game!
A 10 players option would be perfect!
Es un juegazo
This game can be equally funny and scary.
too funny to play with ppl, re-co-mended
pogs
REPO is a comedy horror game about collecting valuables from haunted locations. You push your cart through the halls and carefully load it with delicate but valuable loot to reach a $ goal. All the while looking out for monsters, from garden gnomes to psychic aliens.
It differentiates itself a bit from Lethal Company by using physics to collect objects, you pick them up with a gravity gun and have to be careful not to bump or scratch them as that reduces value and eventually destroys them. It also has permanent upgrades you can acquire to improve your character.
In its early access state it's a blast with friends but sometimes you are confronted with scenarios where monsters will spawn in one after the other and turn a run into a frustrating clusterfck as creatures jam up doorways, crowd rooms and destroy your items without a means to stop them. It ruins the gameplay and atmosphere. It's unnerving when you're looking for items in the dark, knowing there's probably something sneaking around just out of sight vs 4 or 5 monsters marching through the halls like the Macy's Thanksgiving parade.
I collect. I extract.
5 10/10.
P.S
It is a very fun game with friends and the horror is the perfect chef's kiss.
fun times
game of the year 100%
Ever wondered what like to be a repo agent, but with creatures of the night scaring you, and teammates who drop a priceless vase at the worst possible moment? R.E.P.O delivers chaotic co-op horror where the scariest thing the supernatural.
it's your friend who throws a grandfather clock down the stairs. or screaming into a mic.
If you love spooky-ish atmospheres, teamwork that inevitably falls apart, and watching your friends get touched by creepy scawy monsters, this game is for you.
Yes
It's so scary :O
best game. many laughs.
when I first vue le game sur les tinternetz I tought "ouin it looks bizarre but hey chu qui pour douter". Feck I did give a chance au jeu. pas pire funny au boutte. I would dire que cest like skyrim but with madame aux a place des bras pis des mononcles
im jorkin it wild style
extremely fun with friends and has a lot of clippability
had a disgusting baby throw a statue at me, killing me instantly.
10/10
yes
Lethal if it was Perfect
amazing
Fun with friends.
so funny with others. terrifying alone! i love it the monsters design is amazing!
This game has its own unique style, I get that a lot of games feel Lethal Company which is awesome as well. I find each of these games are unique and fun in their own ways. I highly recommend.
si
game is good. game is fun. game is scary. game is really really difficult!
its hella funny
jogo FODA de bom, comprem!
Writing a sane and reasonable review for a video game is not something I do, and this game has changed nothing.
This game is the rocks. Grandfather clocks span a wide area and you must sell them for profit. You will repossess the furniture of evil creatures great and small for profit, and then use the money to enact your twisted revenge on them in their empty homes. A man such as me will do so over, and over, and over again, and i will not stop until my frail metal body is properly bifurcated and there is no one around to clutch up.
very good
this game is such a delight. learning the mechanics feels so simple but there's plenty of room for complexity to maximize your levels- not to mention the laughs with physics and your crew you can have. currently there's a bit of repetition, but i feel like that's to be expected since the game just came out. looking forward to more levels and items for sure.
The game can be fun, but as you add more people it becomes less fun, which isn't how this type of game should be. When playing with 6 players if you die early on, you will likely spend the remainder of the stage dead because of the fact that you respawn with only one hit point while many of your crew remain relatively healthy. Continuing with one health makes it extremely common that something will damage you for 1 point, killing you again and the rest of your team will continue to play.
Having one person with a lot of health while the rest walk around and instantly die to any damage is just bad gameplay, which will be 90% of your experience playing this game. During my 14 hours playing this game I believe I have spent at least 7 hours watching a TV show while one or two people on the team actually play the game. Sure, the high health players can split their health with someone else, but the health mechanic is awful regardless, as I explain later.
Not to mention the fact that the tumble launch mechanic is awful. Mechanically it is very fun, but the fact that it damages you for 5 health makes it so you cannot use it after respawning unless you have health packs laying around, which will pretty much never happen.
Health upgrades are also basically pointless unless playing solo or maybe with one other person, because there are so many enemies that will instantly kill you that having extra health does nothing. That combined with the fact that there are plenty of enemies that do small instances of damage makes the health system in this game practically pointless. If you get a combination of insta-kill enemies and low-damage enemies on one stage (depending on which enemies they are), your maximum health won't matter.
If you die to an insta-kill and respawn with 1 HP, you cannot use the tumble launch and will die to any small damage instance. Meanwhile attempting to run away from or dodge the small instance damage dealers while at full health will commonly put you in a situation where a one-hit enemy will easily kill you. Obviously you can attempt to fight the enemies that deal low damage, but often the amount of time you take fighting them will allow the insta-kill enemies to reach you, resulting in the same scenario. There are also numerous enemies that can hit/kill you through walls, ceilings, and floors, which just adds to the frustration of never getting to actually play the game. Additionally, there are certain combinations of enemies and floor layouts where, if you get unlucky, you WILL just die and there is nothing you can do about it.
I have no complaints with any other mechanics that I can think of at the moment, but will add them if they come to mind. I do wish I could recommend this game, but as it is currently I can't.
Edit: The stamina recovers WAY too slowly, if it were slightly faster, less of the scenarios I referred to would be a problem because running away would be a better option. If the stamina were a little bit more forgiving there would be less death, and thus less issues.
POP OUT AT 1 IN THE MORNINING
fun
best game ever!
terrible game
Phenomenal game! I haven't had this much fun and laughed so hard in a long time. It really shines when playing with your friends and I can't wait to see where this game goes from here =D
I love when the big head man comes out and licks the inside of my prostate!. And when the clown guy with the anglerfish looking thing comes out and gives me a sex change surgery under the table! haha!
rOBOT
Six trash cans break into multiple homes and commit mass amounts of robbery!
game is fun i played it with my friends and we had a great time i would recomend
Played the tutorial just to find I need friends.I'm surprised the game doesn't have matchmaking. I'd likely recommend it if it gets a server browser type match maker
(Got friends, game fun, add server browser)
fun ass game with friends
will make you shit your pants if you're by yourself
hilaarious and super fun
Accidentally parked the cart on all my friends
good game
I HATE THE FUCKING OLD MAN AND THAT DAMN DUCK
but good game! lots of laughs!
very goodest game. Ion fuck with the gunman
Is really fun to play with friends but hard to meet the quota if you break items. The friendly fire is so hilarious
I flushed my fellow down the toilet
-I open game
-I find vace
-I drop vace
- sad
yes
Eu quero todos os
great game
idk why people complain about round 3 so much
its not that hard to dodge monsters just save stamina
if youre complaining about hp system, ask friends for hp or if ur playing solo get a bunch of upgrades
or u can just buy hp packs to heal you
enemies are pretty good just save ur stamina case u run into one and most have counters to them
good game just wait a bit to buy if u dont got friends or just join the discord
cool as ice
w game
A lot like Lethal Company but has the fat from it trimmed. Faster and more interesting monsters, definitely recommend it
Amazing Game
and im chucky finnster the original creepypasta! and im chucky finnster the original creepypasta! and im chucky finnster the original creepypasta! and im chucky finnster the original creepypasta! and im chucky finnster the original creepypasta! and im chucky finnster the original creepypasta! and im chucky finnster the original creepypasta! and im chucky finnster the original creepypasta! and im chucky finnster the original creepypasta! and im chucky finnster the original creepypasta! and im chucky finnster the original creepypasta! and im chucky finnster the original creepypasta! and im chucky finnster the original creepypasta! and im chucky finnster the original creepypasta! and im chucky finnster the original creepypasta! and im chucky finnster the original creepypasta! and im chucky finnster the original creepypasta! and im chucky finnster the original creepypasta! and im chucky finnster the original creepypasta! and im chucky finnster the original creepypasta! and im chucky finnster the original creepypasta! and im chucky finnster the original creepypasta! and im chucky finnster the original creepypasta! and im chucky finnster the original creepypasta! and im chucky finnster the original creepypasta! and im chucky finnster the original creepypasta! and im chucky finnster the original creepypasta! and im chucky finnster the original creepypasta! and im chucky finnster the original creepypasta!
well its really good and it might be better than lethal company
but i want to play with somebody but if yall want to play here is my code friend 1528015995 im 14 year old btw
EL MEJOR JUEGO COPERATIVO, LASTIMA QUE HAY PERSONAS RATONAS QUE NO LO QUIEREN JUGAR (el thiago)
Physics-based lethal company with extremely charming player models.
This genre is officially oversaturated.
Equal parts scary and funny
Please ignore the cringe emoji banner, this game is similar to Lethal Company while being both scarier and funnier. Extremely fun and funny with friends, playable but pretty lame without friends.
Bom
h
friend - *breaks diamond immediately after picking it up*
everyone else in game - *stares intensely*
me - "are we deadass"
10/10
Game of the Year
supa cool my boyfriend and i played it and it was so fun and hes so cute i love my bf UGHTRHH
godines
buenisimmo
Please remove invisible guy,kinda annoying every time when you need to get back to the truck always there and he just puts you up and puts you across the all map and then the glomes just kill you
i rove thi gama
Boringly frustrating. Nothing that really hooks you. Game loop not interesting at all. Just play Lethal Company.
simplemente dices cosas bonitas
YES YES YES! I love this game so much and I hope everyone plays this game with as much passion as I do.
funny
el idioma :D
very fun exceeded my expectations!
thanks to R.E.P.O i can fully experience the adrenaline of participating in weekly gas station knife fights without the worry of getting hurt
Compared to LC this feels like an actual game. Better counterplay and a better feel of progression.
best roguelike this year
Truly the best game I have ever played. I cry laughing constantly and it's actually kind of terrifying. 10/10 would recommend it to anyone and everyone!
A blast with friends, move over lethal! a new king has arrived :D!
one of the better "lethal company" clones highly recommend with a group of buds
It's everywhere
leathal compagny walked so repo could be fun
Was cashing out when a monster came and killed a friend. There was pure silence as I turned to my friend wide-eyeing me and I broke out laughing
(O) (O)
)-(
h
:)
Really fun with friends, collecting stuff is fun. Well polished style and feel in game. Can be funny a lot of the time.
:(
Understanding and avoiding some of the monsters is a little confusing. some are quite simple to understand but others are a bit weird and inconsistent.
storybot
This game is crazy fun. There are other games that get very dry cause you do the same thing over n over but this one you don't. each round is a different map. things are in different places and there are different creatures each time. in the almost 19 hours ive played it so far it hasnt been the same scenario. I def recommend this game, its full of chaos and fun.
R.E good
very fun moving simlator. hide under stuff and the bad guys won't see you most of the time. maps are pretty good with rng layout
god awful branding with a good game hidden underneath. bring friends
edit: fuck the piano
very funnny
fear.
Break loot by accident and pretend no one saw simulator.
I enjoyed Voidigo and liked how they had animated the monsters with facial animations and this goofy dark humour and this helps make stand out in the horror extraction genre.
One thing I had noticed was when I was playing with a friend, We were extracting a cart and some other junk on the side. 1 extraction out of 2 and then it took the cart and 12k worth of stuff and didn't extract the other stuff, making it not count then it also took the cart. So there seems to be a bug like that. But other then that I love the game, super fun to play especially with folks. I recommend it.
its a goofy game and i love it
t.me/gamerepo
Only played this once (so far; I will def play more) and I'm thoroughly enjoying it. This game is genuinely well made, please ignore the weird funkin emoji thingy.
Game are this of the is yes. Decent yes the playable fun game of video.
It is a great game. but if you play solo its brutal. Honestly the mobs need to be tweaked for single player mode the attacks need to have slight cooldowns and i tried using the "indestructible bot" but a enemy blew right through it with the bot being at full charge.
muppets
R.E.P.O. no es solo un juego, es una obra maestra que combina estrategia y un profundo respeto por la historia. Desde el primer momento, la te atrapa con su y su nivel de detalle.
Uno de los aspectos impresionantes es la referencia a el legendario guerrero maya. El juego logra plasmar su y de lucha en una narrativa envolvente, con que te hacen sentir parte de su historia. Cada enfrentamiento se siente y la forma en que se integra su legado en el desarrollo del juego es simplemente brillante.
Los la y la jugabilidad perfectamente equilibrados, brindando una experiencia fluida y emocionante. R.E.P.O. no solo es un entretenido, sino una forma de honrar la cultura y la historia de una manera innovadora.
Ta weno
its cunty
Two things
1. This is the fastest steam download I've ever had
2. This is the best 10$ I have ever spent
gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood
silly funny
SO GOOD
vcf v
-
better lethal company
Ample opportunity to sabotage my friends and giggle about it. 10/10.
pick up the duck for a secret ending #ProTip
This game could kill Lethal Company
juegaso
i play it for 14 my best run is 5 house and i can say i don't like it but i love it (i am all by my self it a horror game for me)
jogo supimpa demais
The only time head is scary
game is genuine peak just get it yo
#1 repo glazer here
good
nice
Aguante el R.E.P.O culiao
Si
Al chile jugarlo con compas esta bien divertido. Mis amigos dejaron el lol y buscando que jugar en steam vi este juego justo el 1 de marzo y lo descargamos y que divertido fue xdddd
c'est malade j'attends les mise a jours avec impatience :D
Viel zu lustig
funniest game ever probably
It's got scares without being too scary. Definitely worth it, even if it's early access. A few hours of laughs and sore sides are a sign of money well spent.
GOTY
FUN
Definitely best if played with friends. It's a great lethal company clone for sure.
fun
I love getting a monster to chase me just so it can kill my friends xD
Kind of took a moment and stepped back, and realized me and my friends were yelling "QUICK BASH THE CHILD AGAINST THE WALL" so we could sell its soul to a laughing emoji for 3 thousand dollars.
Pretty neat game
Very good i edged the whole time
Comprei o jogo sem fazer ideia q n jogar o jogo com estranhos. jogar cm amigos da steam. Inclusive caso queira jogar, adc :)
i loveee theeeee timeepiecee its soooooo goooood
as long as you have friends to play with its pretty fun
Takes all the best things about multiplayer horror games and makes those things even better.
Great game.
Please let us join and create online servers.
Very fun with friends, and so far feels like a straight upgrade to Lethal Company.
Jogo legal e pra jogar com os amigos. literalmente chorei de rir!
This game is Awesome I'm really happy for the devs for trying new things to make this game even better when it is already amazing of course! To have the best experience don't play solo play with friends that are nice and not anoying so this game never dies untill 1 to 2 years max
JOGO 10/10, MEU aliado TROUXE UM PATO ASSASSINO PARA O BUNKER, eu apertei no pato e ele virou um perdemos a partida. NUNCA CONFIE nos aliados
fun
This game gave my friend a mental breakdown. 10/10 would recommend
DEMASIADO DIVERTIDO al inicio hice una ,pero empeze a jugar con amigos y es demasiado divertido
jogo muito legal para jogar com os amigos muita diversao e muita risada kkkk
La verdad muy divertido, vale la pena con o sin oferta el juego. Estuve jugando con un amigo y era un cago de risa, encima hay variedad de mapas (por cierto, muy lindo los mapas), objetos y SCP o monstruos, etc.
NO LO DUDEN EN COMPRARLO,
Si tienes amigos con problemas motores o y hacen cualquier cosa menos aportar al equipo. Este juego es para ti
smega
very fun with friends
Pros: Fun, new take on a nearly cloned concept (Lethal Company)
Cons: game breaking bugs are pretty common. You try real hard to get far in the game and work together and strategize and then the game breaks. It just drops one of you through the floor, or no items can be picked up or used, or your cart despawns when you turn in. The physics are fun, but they only work about 3/4 of the time. Desync is pretty bad.
Basically, it's like Lethal Company, but more forgiving and with much worse bugs. But that's still high praise.
its supid fun (with friends)
Game good! Much recommend!
hilarious, scary, fun
Solid game, fun with friends.
TOP para Jogar com os amigos!
Iniciei
Peguei coisas valiosas bati e quebrei tudo
morri
voltei
matei meu amigo
morri
arrumei um pato amigo bati nele, e ele me matou
mais itens
mais fases
morri
inicio de novo
chego onde nunca cheguei
Muito divertido, principalmente pra jogar com os amigos. Sozinho uma verdadeira de terror
JOGO DIABOLICO, MT BOMKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKJ
This game reminds me of lethal company but with more features, CAUTION!: As of the time this review was posted you NEED friends or other people that own the game to play online, their are no "Servers" as of now. But this game is amazing and would definitely rank S-Tier on my list of indie & inspired games.
Can't sex the little duck :(
Beep boop robots go brrrrr
I haven't had his much fun since Forest Gump finally made it home.
10/10 def buy
Juego divertido y muy recomendable
o jogo bom e divertido embora seja muito melhor jogar com amigos,a minha experiencia com esse jogo foi da medo mas ainda sente aquele frio na barriga quando joga infelizmente o jogo tem de jogar com uma partida publica tipo criar uma sala e pessoas desconhecidas entrarem mas acredito que adicionado em breve aparentemente o jogo tem joga e joga e joga ate morrer alguma hora ou mais um jogo pra jogar uma sexta de noite com as amigos do que jogar todo dia,minha nota seria 10/10
Hearing your friends scream down the hall is the funniest thing
someone play with me pls :3
Love game, you will be scared and you will laugh, more friends = better
PLZ more content more monsters, levels, items
Best game OAT no debate
fun game except it seems to have server problems i have good wifi but lag bad and get dced alot. also the gun man is to op as he locked on in 1 second. i cant even see him and im dead lol
A charming and fun little game that'll easily dethrone Lethal Company once it gets more content.
Divertisimo con amigos
7
confie no pato
fun fun funny
Fun. A possible step up from lethal company and content warning.
Mustaaaaaaaaaaard
Don't let the banner trick you, this game is the best game I've seen for 10$, best fun we've had in a while from a multiplayer game. My face hurts from laughing at how silly and ingenious this game can be.
Exepcional!
it funny haha it fun game
fye
game
Great game! Hilarious! Great with friends! BUT kinda wish there were check points at least so we don't have to start all the way over again. Also wish there was a way to turn the head bobble off. Everything else though is great! Make checkpoints at like every 5 levels or something! It sucks to spend 3 or 4 hours and getting a bunch of upgrades and then dying and losing everything starting back at level 1
got chased by a bunch of gnomes and had to hop like a rabbit to not die
nearly passed out from laughing.
10/10 WILL play more
fun with friends
Cool
good game i love tripping the old man with the shotgun
good soup
its fun ive played it quite of bit with my best friend and i think its super awesome! great game for multiplayer havn tried singleplayer yet but i will! its you likel eathal or content warning you will like this too!
very funny game to play with your friends
The Game is soooo Good
Quite shallow and pedantic, it insists upon itself
Very good fun
Scary. AHHHHHHH
it actually optimized
repo es vida, nunca que robar podia ser tan divertido con amigos
cool game with friends
a blind guy fell down 15 flights of stairs 3 times and died, then his brother fell down and shot me 11/10
is ok
Ngl, this game has made me laugh my butt off, screaming internally and externally like I had my first born child ripped from existence, and clenched some parts of my body so hard I might need a doctor to check it out. If this game doesn't get Game of The Year, I'll organize a riot. Congrats, you have managed to rip Lethal Company off it's throne!
super fun <3 Looking forward to the future and see real potential here!
Played for 7 hours and didn't get bored once
funny
LOVE THIS GAME
Muito baum mano, joga com as amigo daora. Acho muito bom quando os Devs continuam dando moral pro jogo e fazem recheado de mesmo potencialmente tendo sucesso financeiro (ainda mais pq indie), respeito total pra isso
squid game
NO ultrawide support. Please fix.
Otherwise great game, and very fun. I love how certain mobs or items change the tone of your voice, it's funny with friends. Everything in this game feels really well thought out, in the animations and icons - how your characters eyes move around and your head moves to the sound of your voice. Feels more than just a cheap indie title.
Excited to see what comes out in the future.
so far my favorite online horror game, full of laughs and also can be scary asf solo is another level of fear
trash
se cayo el ciego de la escopeta y nos por cagarnos de risa
juegazo.
laughed so hard I pissed my pants. then continued to play. 10/10
WTF is the levels after like 5 or 6 there is so my holes and the levels are so weird with like 15 sets of stairs to the extraction points. The monsters only exacerbate the level design making it impossible at a certain point.
HEHEH SILLYYY GET THE GAME NOW!
it can get really stressful
very funny, hawk tuah!
i love playing this game with my boyfriend David
I enjoy running my friends over with the cart
15 dollars, oh and a quarter! Don't forget the Quarter!
SHUT UP ARTHUR
I love playing this with friends except magnus, he is an oversensitive idiot and ruins the fun, but with everyone else it is a great experience and I highly recommend you try this
amazing
fun
wsp B
very fun and polished :thumbs_up:
VOI MORJES
Llevamos 3 dias seguidos jugando con mis amigos, minimo 3h diarias, buenisimo para unas risas y estresarse por que los boludos no saben manejar las cosas con cuidado
very hard solo, but when they find a good way to get mult-player on line (which they are doing now i think) it will get much better!
also, if you still want to play this game, go the the official repo discord to find a game.
yay
There's a game stopping bug where the Steam Banner looks UGLY AS HELL!
Anyways, once the Devs fix the banner so it doesn't make people dismiss it the same way I did. It'lll be good.
10/10 otherwise.
Banner does not do this game justice. It's like lethal company or any of the clones, but better. Here's why.
The game is fun and the maps are engaging. There are various themes and the collectables found in that map match the theme. The collectables are sometimes a gamble, they have various effects. Sometimes funny, other times with the potential to ruin lots of hard work.
Because the collectables have physics and you need to interact with them this sometimes means there needs to be teamwork. Sometimes you are the last person standing and getting the really big, heavy item to the extraction point is really intense and super rewarding. In higher levels the maps become larger and with almost puzzle elements to getting collectables through. I cringe every time the item makes a crunch sound and I see the value come off of it. Items can be destroyed, including if you didn't load them properly in the extraction point.
The items you can purchase are easier to use than other games of this genre. The feel more impactful and can be used strategically. They slot into hotbars easily and can be activated and placed. The economy is also better, meaning you can start to use items sooner. At the end of each round there is a shop, where you can actually try some of the items out, on your friends so you know what you are getting into.
There are upgrades to your character, so you and your friends can take different roles if you want to. The movement is more engaging, with crouching, stealth, co-op movement and different augments to your existing movement.
The monsters do different things but obviously and this means counter play and strategy can be found quicker, which imo makes for a more engaging game than others of this genre. Even if the answer is stealth or hide. If you do work out how to defeat the creatures, there's sometimes a reward, although you never get a clear map so there's always some obstacle.
The robots are cute and the text to speech is hilarious. It even changes pitch when you look up and down. There's a load of goofy stuff you can do with your friends which makes the game super fun, including a PvP arena if you don't make it through a round, just so you can settle the score over who smashed the most plates.
Fantastic game, especially for the price.
Not recommended right now for sure. Maybe if they change some of it where it's not breaking everything so easily and when you get enough you get rushed by things that come damage everything so quickly. You don't even have a chance. Not really fun with current mechanics.
I haven't even played this game yet, but I am planning to tonight and from what I have heard, I think I will have a fantastic time.
I have just one issue with the game.
Please get rid of that ugly ass, stanky ass, horrible no mother no father looking ass emoji that you have as your. mascot?
Not a fan of it.
Otherwise, 10/10!
game is good!
Esse jogo aqui tem cheiro de sexo. Vc compra, baixa, inicia e joga, quando vc esta jogando vc nota a SEXUAL que ele apresenta, seus musculos de orgasmaticos se contraem e vc descobre que esta jogando SEXO 2.
3. 7
if you like lethal company, get it, i promise it is just as funny as the first time playing lethal company
yeah
peak game, needs the loser arena to have an actual mode
$10, 1GB, Makes your belly hurt. Would def recommend this if you like edging.
Game is scawwy, I need someone to hold my hand
fun game
GREAT GAME! but finding players is a pain and sometimes it doesn't even work.
the join game tab in game just puts you to your friends list and not servers so it's annoying and you cant kick people from your games either, so if they are causing problems you can't do anything about it.
But other than that great game, fun, scary, funny, and a great time if you know people
Fantastic game
Like lethal company but on crack. Pretty solid game that gives a very good twist to the lethal formula giving this game it's own identity. But I suggest changing the banner because it gives mobile game vibes
This game has been the most fun horror extraction team game I've played since Lethal Company. I haven't even discovered all the monsters yet, good game. Blow up your friends with grenades.
good
super funny XD
buen juego para asustarse y cagarse de risa con tus amigos, y probablemente insultarlos por romper los objetos
This game unlocked my critical thinking.
Fun game
great game none of my friends have it tho :(
better lethal company and what i expected from content warning
so fun
Around 17 hours on time of review.
enjoyed a total of 1 hour on the game.
game gets repetitive fast.
but its an actual good Lethal Company copy
fun
Me and my friends broke so much furniture we had no choice but to jump and die in a hole. Unironically love this game it's so fun.
hit
I enjoy the game, even if I become the weakest link.
sadly no sex update yet
Watching somebody dilly dallying while you are dead for 20 minutes while they try to recover you is the most boring spectating gameplay. At least in Lethal whenever you spectate someone each monster has some sort of design that makes the deaths funny to watch and they all have their own unique weaknesses that you could take advantage over. In this game i get fiddled in the arse by fucking everything and they give you so little stamina i have to take it like a good girl and let them dig inside me. Not only that there is so little room and the game feels so claustrophobic i dont even know where the fuck im so supposed to hide whenever a monster is near. Not only that sometimes hiding dont even work and i still get fucking vaporised even when im not even speaking either.
this has has got to be the most funniest games iv'e ever played. the text to speech is hilarious
This game has been pretty good, can't wait to see where they take this game.
I would love to see achievements get added to this game and character customization
Hilarious game. 10/10, its like those other games of the same genre but more fun.
alto juegazo risas no faltan
peak wedawd awdawd
You will have at least 1 or more funny moments.
Me mucho, me me encanta el pato me recuerda a mi gato
This game is unexpectedly good. It seems like a weak knock-off of Lethal Company, but its actually a more polished experience focused on party play.
To anyone that has played lethal knows that you are only with your party until landfall, then everyone scatters in an attempt to gather the most loot possible. The map design of this game allows players to be nearby one another much more easily and makes getting lost a thing of the past.
Grabbing the loot is also a lot more fun, aside from just a greater variety of items there are "team" items that require the assistance of your friends to move as it is too heavy for one person.
The monsters are great and fully fleshed out, each hunting you in a different manner. You are able to fight back however with the use of melee weapons, grenades, mines and even guns if you can afford them. When fighting inst an option you can also hide from them. Under desks, chairs, table, inside of cabinets and lockers.
You visit the shop after every mission to spend the money earned, you can buy many things to help you including upgrades for yourself.
Better than lethal company
i like the game so far but i didnt know you had to have friends to play multiplayer and now i cant play with anyone
Wanna laugh your ass off with your friends and get scared? This is your game >:)
Fire
I love getting blasted with my friends.
por dios santo este juego tiene una combinacion increible de humor y terror y es perfecto para jugarlo con amigos o gente random del discord de latam 10/10 recomendadisimo
PEAK
get repo
Pick up the doll
we need more servers papas plesaseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee love the game btw need fav single and mulit player
OW OW OW OWIE!
funny
Once most of the team dies your are left sucking your thumb, with now timeout not enough ways to stay in the game. Either everyone gets bored and leaves or you just throw all the progress away for the sake of trying to keep everyone entertained, to make matters worst some creatures destroy the loot so there's even less way to progress on from that state grinding the pacing to screeching halt. Bad design IMO.
IT'S FUN.
cool game but more content
[b]I recommend this game.[/b] The game has a fair amount of content and a great concept. I am excited to see what they come up with, but here are some things I would like to see.
[list]
[*]Buyable hats, glasses, some form of cosmetics would be cool
[*]Rework of the character colours (Some colours look way too similar)
[*]An enemy that can mimic player's voices
[*]Black Market Dealer that has a small chance to appear in levels after 10 offering exclusive crazy cool items.
[*]Add achievements
[/list]
Best of luck to the developers and I hope they can maximise the potential for this game.
fun ass game
everyone needs to play this - one of my favorite games already
wery fun geeem with friends
This game is a lot of fun when you have a group of friends playing with you and is interesting to play by yourself in my opinion
goofy
Really good game Shit logo change dat mofo
For an early access game, this is insanely good. I'd even argue the price tag does not match the quality of the game, and it should be higher!
This game has flawless graphics, it runs super well on low end specs, and ofc no issues on high end.
In terms of game-design, I think it's done great. Whether it is for the art-style that's definitively solid, or the mechanics that can be learned on the spot, they do have a tutorial but you could skip it and still understand the game.
Gameplay-loop is perhaps its weakest point, work -> shop -> work -> shop -> work., can get a little tiring. But it's not a huge issue.
I'm looking forward to the future content updates.
fun hahaha hid undor tble
Gostei do jogo, mas os monstros quebram os itens e com o tempo acabam os itens e nao consegue concluir a
this gam so good i loving
very fun chat trust me buy and play
game go brrrrrrrrrrr
Muito divertido, inspirado no Lethal Company, melhor em todos os aspectos na minha
Mesmo sendo um jogo de suspense, a faz esse jogo ser seus amigos voando um monstro pegar eles, a que precisam fazer pra levar objetos grandes, etc.
Great singleplayer game! GOTY
better than lethal company, dont bother getting lethal this is better<3
Bom demaise
Ignore the ugly emoji theme, game is fun with solid mechanics and exploration. Monsters can be interact able and varied in ways to deal with them. Fun with friends, things to keep an eye out for are if you break too many loot items no more will spawn soft locking your round till everyone is dead. 7/10 would recommend with friends plus in game text to speech is hilarious. Maybe even better than lethal company to be truthful.
Pretty fun game when you got folks to play with,
but even solo its a pretty fun and scary experience.
funny robots go aeiou
gud
the text to speech was funny as fuck, but other than that, it wasn't really worth it tbh
I love it when I hear my friends scream
its fun and goated
the baby HAS to go
ooops
Me encanto, Super gracioso y divertido
R.E.P.O The Funniest Co-op Chaos Ever Experience
If you've ever wondered what it feels like to have your entire body ache from laughter, R.E.P.O delivers that experience in spades. After just a few hours of playing with friends, I was in literal tears, gasping-for-air, clutching-my-chest tears. This game takes cooperative chaos to a whole new level. The premise? You're a R.E.P.O agent tasked with reclaiming assets in the most unhinged, physics-defying way possible. The execution? Pure, beautiful mayhem.
Every mission quickly devolves into a symphony of screaming, accidental sabotage, and physics-engine betrayals. One second, you're expertly stacking repossessed items onto your truck; the next, a teammate has launched themselves (and half your cargo) into the stratosphere because they "tripped." Oh, and teamwork? Optional. Expect at least one friend to go rogue, attempting to "help" but instead sending everything into a spiral of destruction.
Is the game perfect? No. But does it matter? Absolutely not. R.E.P.O about precision or strategy, about making memories with your friends while utterly failing at your job in the most hilarious ways possible. If this is just the beginning, I cannot wait to see what the developers add next. 10/10 would recommend.
Final Verdict:
Laughs Per Minute: 10/10
Controls: Loose and chaotic (in the best way)
Fun Factor: Off the charts
Worth the Price? 100% Yes.
I love this game. It is so fun to play with friends. The little robots, or talking trash cans as my friends have deemed them, are hilarious. We love to make them talk and get a kick out of the mouths moving as you talk. The monsters in the game are just the perfect amount of creepy. I have gotten used to the duck following me and being my main source of health depletion.
shhiiiiiiiiiiiii
Pretty Good, but my screen is fuzzy how can I fix it? :Edit - I think I fixed it
fun cum butthole
very fun especially with the combined 1 braincell
Fucking great
Super bussin funny asss game
Meow
tres amusant avec des amis(es) je recommande fortement pour des groupe de 6 joueurs (et plus avec les modes)
w
Very good game with potential to be better. I've had moments where I've laughed so hard my sides hurt. Yes buy
Fire game
Bored of working for a mysterious alien company? Well come here to pay taxes as walking trashcans! (really good game ngl)
jogo perfeito, pra jogar com amigos, assusta, da suspense, fora as risadas, esse jogo perfeito
molto carino, simpatico da giocare anche solo in 2
You can shove your friends in the toilet. 10/10.
veery fun
grat
That fuckin' bird that I HATE
Le meilleur jeu d'horreur coop, un parfait, la fois Hilarant et Effrayant, ce jeu vous feras passer vos meilleures entre amis, jouable 2 contrairement d'autres jeux du style. Les monstres passent du ridicule au plus monstrueux, il y en a pour tous les Je recommande fortement, que les devs continueront d'ajouter du contenu tout en puisant toujours plus dans leur imagination.
Le jeu est vraiment amusant avec des potes.
avais entendu du bien et, pourtant, je suis quand surpris
Si tu aimes les jeux dans le style de Lethal Company, fait pour toi
Fucking Funny Ass Game
Juegazo para jugar con amigos, son risas aseguradas.
Jogo muito divertido, e EXTREMAMENTE se tem amigos para jogar, esse um jogo de terror coop que definitivamente uma boa escolha. Valeu cada centavo. Mesmo jogando com 1 amigo, o jogo ainda assim divertido, e assustador ao mesmo tempo. E isso sem contar a fluidez extrema do jogo na parte Os bonitos, e o jogo mesmo nas qualidades mais altas extremamente bem otimizado e fluido. Os DEV desse jogo de Criaram um Lethal Company 10 vezes melhor.
Lethal Company but with Physics gun and portable landmines
ITS A FUN GAME TO PLAY WITH YOUR FRIENDS IF YOUR A FAN OF LETHAL COMPANY LIKE GAMES, I'VE BEEN ENJOYING STREAMING THIS
Really fun game, I just got it, but I can't play with other people other than my friends on steam :(
YARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR AK
TA RISA
i LIKE IT A LOT
What a banger
this is just lethal company but with 1 inventory slot items are a pain to carry and walking slowly is really annoying. I just cant see the point in grabbing items that are either small or big with the only difference being a seemingly random number dictating how much they sell for.
Haven't laughed this much in such a short amount time since lethal company came out, always an amazing sight when a friend says 'hello guys?' then proceeds to get his brains blown out. Great game and excited to see what the devs come up with going forward.
There is no hope.
Si tuviera amigos este mi juego favorito.
Very fun, love being chased by horrific entities while trying not to obliterate a vase
J'aime bien la des objets qui se cassent avec la physique du jeu.
On a quand l'impression de passer de en sans but et sans tension, les monstres pop d'un coup sans grande logique et il est difficile d'en comprendre les
Il y a un vrai manque d'ambiance sonore niveau musique et sound design.
Le horrifique est un flop.
good
I laik
i had fun
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
it is a fun game to play with multiple friends
Is funny
pqp, muito e divertido
me tirou boas risadas
Great game. Very well designed, and bugs seem rare. Haven't experienced any crashes playing with 3-6 players for over 15 hours the past couple of weeks since it's been out. Kudos to the devs, great job guys.
i pulled my intestines out by accident laughing so hard at this game
Absolute 10/10 experience if you have a few friends to play with AND EVEN IF YOU DON'T the singleplayer experience is very nice although challenging it gives a MUCH spookier vibe then when you're in a group. Best $8 I've spent this year!
fun
you guys need to make open parties but other than that the game is just fine
10/10
Esta bien chistoso el juego para jugar con amigos lo que le falta es mas mapas y mas enemigos para evitar que sea tan repetitivo
O Jogo muito quero ver mais legais dele!
This game has a soul, a character, and an attention to details. proud to be playing it in the couple of weeks
Good game. Shit gets hard though
great game but I wish they had an option for public online lobbies for people to join
ICH BRAUCHE MEHR
Pretty fun with a large group
*Play R.E.P.O*
> Life good
*Friends joined*
> Life chaos
s funny
TOPTOPTOPTOPTOP VERY TOP
Very fun
Diese Gut
GOTY por solo 5 usd
crazy game fr
one of the most fun horror games
Divertido
haven't had so good of a laugh in years, definitely the best coop game there is out there
It's peak, i'm afraid
peak
Honestly really love this game I've gotten many scares from just running into the entities head first and many funny moments where me and my friends get overwhelmed by the entities the higher we got, also love the simplistic looks of some things like the player models and the heath bar being visible on the back of your friends neck, also i don't usually write out long reviews for any games unless i love them so you can probably catch on that i really enjoy this one
Grandpappy forgot to take his ptsd medicine when he got his eyeballs removed during Nam
The game is amazing in almost every way, it's in my opinion better than Lethal Company or will be once they get my main issue fixed, "Cause: Exception" The bane of my existence and the only thing keeping us from passing level 3. It causes the game to disconnect
Great Game
I love R.A.P.I.S.T its so fun
it is so much fun once you get used to this game and you get to understand how to play easily
ignored on my feed b/c of the awful banner emoji. bought on other people's recommendation. it goes hard
terrible banner/icon for a really good game. genuinely thinking this is a marketing bit, as they become the game known for "that terrible banner but which turns out to be really really good"
10/10, such a great game and for under $10.
100/10 Best Lethal Company Alternate ever!
If you've got a group of friends even if it's just 3 other friends who'll play this game is worth it! It's got a lot of fun little mechanics and wacky things in it that are just great, even alone sometimes!
FUN TIMES
THIS GAME IS FUNNY AND FUN
very fun game a lot better with friends but very fun single player to
I was revived after being dead for 10 minutes and within seconds of being revived my sister killed me with a bag of money accidentally. I was also attacked by some spider guy and it chased me into a guy with a gun who instantly killed me and then proceeded to shoot the spider as well. 10/10 one of the best experiences ever.
willy cancer
fun :D
Better than the release of Civilization 7
Worth Buying: Yes (DO IT!)
Played 6 hours straight with my friends and had an absolutely amazing time. The devs actively listen to the community and giving their best to make our experience the best it can be. I would 100000% recommend if you have a group of friends to play with this. Sadly playing with randoms aren't a thing atm but from what the devs said it will be added soon. Never really came across any bugs or stuff but I hope that a lot more new levels will be added in the future. Can't wait to see how far this game will go.
I think if they fix the stamina and the regen system it will be more cool, ( i use mods for this >:( )
Juste incroyable
Trop fun sauf le canard
The game is extremely fun with friends, if you like games like Lethal Company, Phasmophobia, Panicore and similar you will have a blast with this game.
lethal company knock off with different mechanics and environment. Maps are just too cozy idk maybe its my only opinion but maps arent big and also stamina mechanics are horrible. This game could be better with some better enemies and also evading tactics. Its a fun game overall ngl but if u have a choice between this and lethal, i would say buy lethal. 6/10 from me. Again this game isnt bad, does some things right and some things wrong but u will get bored of it pretty quick
bailando bailando
use a soundboard too
Comprenlo esta bueno
sigma
FUCKING GAME OF THE YEAR
i farted
crying laughing emoji
Canadian Robot Simulator which has no business being as funny as it is.
Ignore the hype the game is very overrated in regards to game play. There is very little depth to it. It is a game that requires at least 4 to six players due to the fact that most of the monsters are insta-kill with very little to no counter play. It's fun as a party game and that's it. The audio was also garbage and completely muddled to the extent you don't know whats going on where. This game is a crappy mashup of LC and Content Warning and it doesn't work at all.
eu acho incrivel que os monstros me salvaram mais vezes dos meus amigos do que meus amigos me salvaram dos monstros
game of year
Very fun game to play with friends. Mess around and just get spooked
Very Nice / 10
Facilmente os melhores 20 reais gastos desse meus 2025
Great game
good fun
I love this game their are really funny moments
vraiment top et qualitatif, il est et complet que ce soit dans les ou en gameplay
5000,
Fun with a collective bunch of friends that can communicate well together! :)
Playing it with randoms or friends that are chaotic / toxic, can be bothersome.
A HEAD ATE ME!
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
como se juega?
this game is terrifying and also AMAZING HAHAHAHAHAHAH
its great
Nice Game
Excellent game, amazingly fun.
It's a perfect amount of corny that similar games also have, but in ways that flow very well with the gameplay.
No performance issues, ran at over 800 FPS for me (4080 Super), so I imagine a toaster could run it.
Overall an absolute blast. Only thing I think the devs should look into is making moving large items work better, as it can be VERY janky.
s
me parece un juego fantastico para ser un juego anticipado y espero que mas adelante tengan un modo de servidores para cuando no tengas con quien jugar para jugar con jente ramdon
REPO.
shut up duck im gonna kill you
I hate that child i cant wait to get more wepons to kill him.
Nahorn
CONFIE EM SEUS AMIGOS
I LOVE ANDROID
Makes lethal feel like a cheap knock off WHILE this being in early access, This is too well polished to be a lil shizpost game with an ifunny watermark
very fun
fun
fat monster
It good
Launched the game
Got an item
Broke said item
Saw a monster
Hide under a chair
Pooped in my pants
Peak gameplay
This is indeed the best video game ever
Bring me another shot of Fent now
This is the best game i've ever played lmao. It's really fun but some of the monsters when you're hiding accidentally fall over and they are able to hit us
nao confie em seus amigos enquanto estiver na loja
melhor jogo pra se distrair e descontrair com os amigos
jamon pollo queso y mostasa
GOTY de 2025
got railed by grandpa :)
devs are cool <3
Honestly, the only thing really holding this game back is what happens when you die. Just watching others play for ages after an early death is a real drag. It's super easy to get knocked out quick, and then you're just stuck waiting. I think a lot of people will get bored and quit because of this, which is a shame because the actual gameplay is a blast.
z
Hab durch das Spiel schon 5 Freunde verloren.
Kann man nur empfehlen
Another fun online co-op horror game with ton of funny moments too, absolutely worth it!
Pretty cool game ngl
adams mic is balls
funny innit
really replayable and fun shopping simulator with monsters
sympathy gluck
Like Lethal Company but with improved mechanics. You are forced to explore more and carrying loot has variety to it. Worth it.
+
amazing game better than lethal company
Very entertaining, play with your friends lol makes it 10 times better
This game is very fun, i hope in the future there are more maps, i have definitely gotten scared a few times to monsters such as robe and huntsman.
10 10
? ?
?
Nice game
Excelente juego.
2
2
10 10
si
- 4
funny
comedy gold
6 6
add more mpnster
This game is booty cheeks
incroyable jeu a jouer 100% avec des amis
I can't how much this game makes my friends and I crash out on each other. We'll definitely be plaything again tomorrow. Another day another crash out :D
tem amigos para jogar com
Problema resolvido
best lethal company clone out there
Very good game
gud
very funny not scary
Its a very funny physics game were you have to carefully extract valuables. Very funny muppet models.
The fun of Lethal Company with even more room for weird shit to happen it's amazing
10 10
just watched a friend die to grandpa with his old shotgun. 10/10 would recommend
Buen juego, La Verdad que con amigos es un cague de risa, espero que sigan metiendole contenido lo recomiendo 100%, Es dificultoso y eso lo hace bueno porque al tener tantos enemigos saliendo lo vuelve mas complicado y lo vuelvo mas complicado completar y correr a la nave cuando las luces se cortan, Me encanto 1000/10
ES UN CAGO DE RISAAA, los mejores 5 dolares que gaste
THIS IS SO FUN OMG the only thing is that THERE IS NO PUBLIC LOBBYS ( MUST HAVE FRIENDS TO PLAY)
This game is an excellent co-op game that I would highly recommend to any friend group. You go around collecting scraps, but the twist this game gives you is the physics. When grabbing objects and carrying them around, they are subject to their own physics, as is the player. This means you must be careful not to drop breakable objects, as they will break. As with the enemies, they are also fantastic. Sometimes I am minding my own business, and then a monster shoots a laser at me, or I get pursued by a floating head. There is a lot of enemy variety in this game that I believe is also worth mentioning. Small enemies and big enemies both exist, some are hostile towards your scraps, trying to destroy them, and others will use the scraps you collected to try to kill you and your team. I have yet to experience any major bugs while playing this game, too so that is fantastic! Great job semiwork on creating a fun game my friends and I have already derived so much enjoyment from in our work for the Taxman.
giant floating head clicked his teeth at me and robot overlord tells me to collect goodies. 10/10
isso video game
10 10
played it day 1, peak game.
My friend informed me that the floating head was noise attracted so i yelled and got him killed.10/10 will get my friend killed again
A super fun game to play with friends. Especially if you want to get back at someone by breaking a whole ass vase on their head.
Funny ROBOTS
its very funny, i would recommend
so good
it's good
you reap what you sow - my friend told me that this means that you get what you work for.isnt that cool?
the best game of 2025
I love this game its super well optimised
its super pretty in a derpy way
and the gameplay mechanics are super intuitive
I genuinely would recommend this over lethal or content warning if there was just a little bit more content
if I could make one change (besides from adding new content thats a given) it would be
LET THE PLAYER PAUSE IN SINGLEPLAYER in singleplayer when you pause the game keeps on running so if youre ever mid game and you need to do something you could simply come back to you getting murdered
its super annoying and easily fixable but thats all :) also a stealth upgrade would be super cool,
anywhos I strongly recommend this game if you have a couple bucks! its a bunch of fun with friends and super funny with its voice effects and whatnot
love it!
amk
Ts PMO Sybau
ingiliz, rus vb. oynamak yerine sadece bir sunucuya o sunucu discord linkinden sadece sunucuya
This game is awesome
One of the best games played in a while and I love the design of the robots and enemies.
Better than Lethal Company, better than Content Warning, better than all the other Lethal Company clones. this one has serious potential for GOTY
Me and my friend was stealing from an abondend house then an meditating alien came and sent him flying making him explode 11/10 can only recomend
funny
40
ILK JHGF\
This is by far one of the more polished early access games I've played. It's clear from all of the small details that a TON of love went into making this game, the little things no one would care to add in a triple A title like the eyes looking around at whoever is talking nearby or the best terribly photoshopped photos of the devs with beards and wizard hats on I've ever see.
If you're looking for a fun game to play with friends, you should consider buying it. Despite it's simplicity I've had a lot of fun already.
Chaotic & Hilarious. Never crashed or glitched on my side.
Very funny with friends
joguei com uns amigos mas o jogo muito ruim, consegue ser pior lethal company que tem a mesma proposta, jogo cheio de mas nem uma funciona direito.
A blast with friends!
Mueres por absolutamente todo como en el Lethal Company. No hay amigos en este juego, todos te traicionan atrayendo a los monstruos para que te maten. 10/10
Fire
SFDGJNHPIEWRJHT
JUEGO QLO WENO
lethal company
Very good game already. and i'm excited to see what they add in the future.
Great
For $10 this game is where its at. fun alone but better with Friends this game isn't a Lethal Company Killer but rather a companion to the "Item collecting to meet quota" genre.
10/10 you can sex the robots, and monsters.
the trailer perfectly describes this game. absolute comical mayhem ending with you and your group losing all the oxygen in their lungs from explosive laughter.
12/10
get repo
IGNORE THE EMOJI! THE GAME IS ACTUALLY GREAT!
If you like Lethal Company and Content Warning then you will really like this one!
Without spoiling anything, it is probably around equally as hard as the other games that you'd like to compare it to and around just as fun, at least when playing with friends! Compared to the other 2 games this one has a lot more clutch potential where you can bring back a run from the brink of defeat, while it has the scary vibes as the other 2 games it isn't as stressful since there is no time limit for each stage!
Great time with friends especially! Proximity voice chat with both speech and whisper mode!
I definitely recommend this one!
Nvm, its growing on me. positive now, but the review is funny so im keeping it
Also, being dead is not fun and a bestiary would be nice, thats my only real big pointers
-
Trailer: "RUN FOR YOUR LIVES!"
Game: out of sprint before i could even type that.
Too slow to get away from anything.
"its time to hide for the next five minutes so the giant camping head wont kill you!
Oh, you've been revived? Good for you, have fun being one chip damage hit away from death.
This game tries to stick together the tactics of lethal company with the raw silliness of content warning. This may sound good on paper, but as it stands, the game punishing you severely for doing quite literally anything doesnt really allow for too much silliness.
Also, that fucking duck
Fuck, imagine making a more annoying thing in a videogame because i couldnt. if it as much as gets scratched, say goodbye to your entire healthbar because its now gonna chase you for a full 10 seconds dealing 10 dph, and you do NOT have enough sprint to fully avoid it.
So how do you prevent this? Instinctively you would try to carry your loot over the duck, however it will then proceed to ram its head into whatever it is you carry like a rabid dog humping a tree.
Picking up the duck angers it too. Maybe you are meant to close doors behin- nope, it just obliterates them.
There is no duck counterplay. you just have to live with it and it sucks so much ass
your entire healthbar. gone.
with the frog man its predictable and counterable. dodge and whack him if you can. but the duck? WHY does a tiny duck have more durability than a man made of metal
I go to the store. i buy a landmine.
I place the landmine in a doorway for the giant enemy to trigger it.
SOMEHOW AVOIDS IT.
I go pick my landmine back up to put it somewhere else.
Suddenly, the grab function decides it wants to suck as much dick as this game itself already does and pulls it to me like its some melee weapon.
this game could be great but yeah rn its kinda flawed fundamentally in that me and my friends arent having fun. honestly the most fun part is the fight at the end of the game when you lose. yeah, ending the game is the most fun part, crazy
10-10
I went in to the wrong house Got chased by the pet dog, then robbed the family of four I broke into. The blind grandfather pulled out the Gatt and blasted me with 2 shots of buck shot. Made 70 grand that day 10/10 would sell crack again
It's aight
FANTASTIC all the good parts of lethal company and content warning combined
good game
juegazo
Devs I can't get my friends to buy this game with that banner please just replace it :(
Co super hra s Friends nasmeje sa tu clovek jak blazon cim viac ludi tym lepsie
A f*cking baby picked up a big ass vase, threw the f*cking vase and hit me and killed me. 10/10
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yep its good
best -10$ game around
great game to scream and hide in
good game
fabrizio mi ha fatto piangere
the fucking stupid ass fucking nigor huntsman makes me want to shoot myself
I HAVE TO HAVE FRIENDS TO PLAY
esse jogo beeeeeeem divertidinho, jogar solo uma experiencia de puro terror, mas com amigos vira a melhor coisa do mundo todo.
Lethal Company if the dev didn't quit
good
bon jeu. Si vous voulez jouer avec des amis et que vous aimer les jeu a la Lethal Company je recommande vraiment
Great game, needs a different banner.
The emoji made me think this would be garbage.
Estou procurando Brs para jogar
very nice
The game is very fun to play with your friends!
Simulator, nur die Kunden nerven hin und wieder.
really fun
physics based hilarity and horror. fucking awesome. will continue to play as more updates come out very excited to see what's to come
good game
10 10
10 10 -10
icl ts is so fye
)
Juego entretenido cuando mi amigo me mete a la caldera con su palito
me irl
HEALL YEAH
a
Polecam
3h de jeu mourir de rire entre potes et infini de lvl, de voir du jeu
currently an extremely unpolished mess with poorly balanced enemies and core mechanics that dont function with the janky physics engine. for a silly "friendly funnies" type game it is way too punishing.
I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO I LOVE REPO
very funny game
Super jeux a jouer avec c'est potes super fun et super rigolo
i really like this game although i cant join random lobbies its still really fun. i hope the developers add joining random lobbies
goood
muy divertido si tienes compas para jugarlo te la pasas de risa
10
W Wietnamie gorzej, gra ma z mapami temu co miejsce w Afganistanie.
Is there a way to get it to work with the rog ally all my gfhas.
j'ai rarement autant de rire merci <3 fait un bien fou <3 vous
The character are ULTIMATELY FUNNY!"!
better than lethal company
yes
Mistrzowski produkt stworzony do gry kooperacyjnej :steamhappy:
sound
2 3 3-4 10 4 10 gg ezz
)
you have a war with your friends in the shop seeing who lasts while throwing grenades and mines and i guess you collect items and try not to die to monsters and stuff but.the war is better :) 10/10 i love my friends
You see an old man who probably cant even walk.
You think: I hold my breath,
You exhale.
This legend YEETS himself into the air, backflips into a no-scope, and snipes your soul from another room.
10/10, he deserves a Purple Heart and a lifetime supply of Originals. Absolute menace.
Would recommend this game to anyone who wants a good time
Super game
BAWEMIN
fajnie sie szponci
Muy bueno el juego pero no tengo amigos :/
a good and fun game must play with the homies
we need more people in the lobby and i think bigger maps to contain more people
Womp-womp!
Very fun
too good to be true
FAJNA gra najlepiej gra z kolegami
very fun ONLY with friends tho
Tenes que cerrar la
Los genios hacen eso.
10/10 game
please add workshop support and its a 20/10
Dieses SPiel ist der absolute Hammer. Wir spielen es jeden Abend und haben den unseres Lebens. Jeder sollte dieses Spiel spielen
really fun game to play with you pals
Genuinely a fun game to play with friends and the text-to-speech cracks me up. Don't let the goofy ahh emoji banner stop you.
Juego bastante divertido si tienes amigos con quien jugarlo
Un juegazo para echarte unas risas con tus amigos, 100% recomendado
Super fun game. The monsters are creative and you don't get clear instructions on how to deal with them so you're left to figure them out, which feels really awesome. The maps are changing ever so slightly on every game, so it's only mildly repetitive. Having a lot of fun with my friends on this one.
One thing that is a bit of a letdown is controller support. Even tho it works by steam input, there is 0 support in the game itself, so the tutorial tells you to press Q or ctrl but then it's not just that you don't know which button that would be on the controller, but most buttons that the game expects aren't even present in the default mapping. Even if you get everything mapped correctly, eventually, there are QoL features that are missing such as cursor snapping when you're nearing an object in your crosshairs.
Emoji stuff, I think it's fun, I don't take it too seriously so I don't mind it.
aamazing game really fun
so much fun with 2 or more friends
Fun game with friends
THIS GAME IS SO MUCH FUN (In multiplayer) Can the devs please add severs like lethal company so we dont need our friends to play? It would be so fun! Btw I'm not forcing
horrivel jogando com pessoas burras jogo fica chato depois de 3 horas favor nao comprar golpe certo conteudo reprtitivo nunca jhoigando com amigos burro chatos que nao quierem jogar oui que jogem com croneotmetro do lado para nao dar 2h para
geWRQAAPINHK[FOFDASDAS
Actully scared me W
This honestly the best game to have come out IN A WHILE. I'm amazed with how small the studio is, This game is TOP TIER. A MUST BUY
funy
I haven't enjoyed a game like this in a while. We were laughing so hard my mouth hurts.
good
funny game if u have friends
fajna gra, mozna puscic binda a potem sie wywalic
RIP Lethal Company
very good game, vulgo jogo bom da peste. Vi meus amigos gritando de desespero
10/10.
never laughed so much in my life while playing a game! R.E.P.O. is an absolute comedy goldmine. 5/5
MUITO BOM! GOTY p quem tem amigos p jogar.
good game
nice game
shit and crash alot
Extremamente jogando com pessoas e aterrorizante jogando sozinho. Adorei o jogo mas queria ter amigos para jogar essa obra
super funny
This game can be scary when alone but with others it can be absolutely funny
Um entre ser e fazer passar raiva, depois desse jogo desenvolvi por patos.
*Start game with friends*
1 minute 36 seconds in: get kidnapped up by a invisible little fu*er and put down on the other side of the map
Not a minute later: get kidnapped again by the fu*er and put down at the exact same point
A bit more than a minute later: get kidnapped for the third time and put down on a different place on the other side of the map
1 minute 16 seconds later: get kidnapped for the fourth fu*ing time and put down close to the first place on the other side of the map
10/10 Would get kidnapped again
el juego es demasiado bueno, la manera en la que combina el terror y la comedia es perfecto, pero le falta la de jugar con randoms, si tus amigos no tienen el juego solo jugar tu solo, espero que en el futuro agreguen esta
10 10
"38 =
the best lethal company clone, better than lethal company itself, actually
funky physics, more than 4 player lobbies without mods, monsters have fun designs
the maps are also pretty good
add online play with randoms other than that great game :steamemojihappy:
YEAH. This game is REALLY good. Better with friends, kinda fun soloing. Lots of news comin, devs are amazing. If you like horror surv games, I think this is a great call.
destroyed friendships i didnt even have yet
this game is so bad i would rather ronaldo kick my dick off wile a gorilla is nibbling on my balls. i want to shot my self in the head after playing this shitty ass game.
tuff game
Ich es auf jeden Fall empfehlen. Wir haben es heute zu dritt gespielt und hatten 4h einen Lachanfall nach dem andern. Am Anfang war mir nicht ganz klar wie wir das Lvl beenden aber nachdem diese geschafft war war es nur noch genial. Mit den richtigen Leuten auf jeden Fall ein voller Erfolg!
Esse jogo muito bom! Recomendo para quem quer se divertir com os amigos.
Extremely fun with friends!
10 10
learn how physics work by letting ur friends hit you with a propane tank
this game is so goofy and terrifying at the same time i only wish insted of you can only play with your steam friends you can play online and with randoms this is like a 4 star game
GAME OF THE FOCKEN YEAR
r
fun
We LOVE this game <3
yes yes yes
Supa dupa schokoladen schnupper
really good so good white liquid started dripping from my thigh
Buen juego para jugar con 2 monos mal de la cabeza excelente. punto malo es que no hay sexo
Dookie
Actually one of the most funniest games i played, 5 stars!
Repo more like Baby, I'm preying on you tonight
Hunt you down eat you alive
Just like animals
Animals
Like animals-mals
Maybe you think that you can hide
I can smell your scent for miles
Just like animals
Animals
Like animals-mals
Baby I'm
So what you trying to do to me
It's like we can't stop, we're enemies
But we get along when I'm inside you, eh
You're like a drug that's killing me
I cut you out entirely
But I get so high when I'm inside you
Yeah, you can start over you can run free
You can find other fish in the sea
You can pretend it's meant to be
But you can't stay away from me
I can still hear you making that sound
Taking me down rolling on the ground
You can pretend that it was me
But no, oh
Baby, I'm preying on you tonight
Hunt you down eat you alive
Just like animals
Animals
Like animals
Maybe you think that you can hide
I can smell your scent for miles
Just like animals
Animals
Like animals-mals
Baby, I'm
So if I run it's not enough
You're still in my head forever stuck
So you can do what you wanna do, eh
I love your lies I'll eat 'em up
But don't deny the animal
That comes alive when I'm inside you
Yeah, you can start over you can run free
You can find other fish in the sea
You can pretend it's meant to be
But you can't stay away from me
I can still hear you making that sound
Taking me down rolling on the ground
You can pretend that it was me
But no, oh
Baby I'm preying on you tonight
Hunt you down eat you alive
Just like animals
Animals
Like animals-mals
Maybe you think that you can hide
I can smell your scent for miles
Just like animals
Animals
Like animals-mals
Baby, I'm
Don't tell no lie, lie, lie, lie
You can't deny-ny-ny-ny
The beast inside-side-side-side
Yeah yeah yeah
No girl, don't lie, lie, lie, lie (no girl don't lie)
You can't deny, ny-ny-ny (you can't deny)
The beast inside-side-side-side
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yo
Whoa
Whoa
Just like animals
Animals
Like animals-mals
Just like animals (yeah)
Animals (yeah)
Like animals-mals (yeah)
AWWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Jeu fun. Son goofie est super bien fait je me suis des grosses barres de rires avec mes potes. Il est aussi pour une version 0.1.2. On a tout de 3 gros :
- On S'EMMERDE quand on est mort surtout quand le dernier joueur cherche des items dans toute la map pendant 300 ans.
- Le jeu continue quand il semble ne plus y avoir suffisamment d'items pour finir la map. On est donc de se suicider.
- de comprendre quoi faire contre les mobs.
Cependant je sens que les futures mises jours rendront le jeu parfait. J'ai
best game of all time
LOS JAJAS NO FALTARAN SI LO JUEGAS CON TUS PANAS XD
wszystko
10/8,9 potomuszo nada iskat druzej s etoj igroj i tak dalie
papo repo.
<3
i got sacrificed into the pit
at first i was like "oh cool another lethal company clone." but. this one is unique in its own way. LC and Repo play very different and give different experiences. LC is a little more scary in my opinion, this one seems less scary but much funnier. The fragile loot and physics based grabbing is a big change and its great.
ftghtryherytyhghthttry
broke all the mugs
very fun wuth others
180 10 10
lethalin yerini kapar.
Amazing game! Very fun to play with friends. The physics make it fun to have to navigate objects without breaking them, I find this game to be harder than lethal company.
any idea if there will be a online option to this game for muiltiplayer
P.E.A.K
polecam
peevo peevo peevo peevo
4 6 2-3
I am a 58 yo father, probably one of the oldest people playing this game. I am a single farther to my Son, who is 14 now. My son got this game for Christmas in 2021 from his uncle, so we installed it on his computer and he started playing. By the end of the week he had 24 hours on this game. This was horrible for me, as it was already hard for me to find ways to spend time with my son, as he is always out with his friends or just watching YouTube. So I decided to make a Steam account and get this game to see if I could maybe play alongside him. I loaded into the game, picked my character and world and started playing but I was stuck on what you where supposed to do. I asked my Son for help and he hosted a game for me to join. I loved it as it was the best time I had spent with my Son since my wife had died. This game has ever since brought me and my son closer again and now we actually spend time together outside the house together as well. This game reminded me that there's fun to be had in everything, and it has brought both me and my Son many happy memories.
banger pour une entre potes, je recommande
Love the silly aspects like the character models, text-to-speech, VOIP icons in Lobby/Spectator, the presentation is there for sure, and the physics the game has are superb and add even more to the funniness.
Sadly though in my opinion the game isn't fun to play. Out of all the quota management games, this one feels for sure like the biggest chore. This could be fixed a bit if the player regained health after mission, and if there weren't multiple quotas per mission to manage. I seem to be in the very small minority here (the game currently is sitting at Overwhelmingly Positive), but I'd honestly rather just go play Lethal Company.
Give me clown awards if you disagree with me I guess haha
4,7
-
-
-
-
- DOOM
-
Funny, charming, great with friends, and scary at the right times. I love this game!
WWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
dificil, ruim, vale a pena, comprem
Ta bueno
R.E.P.O. to kooperacyjny horror, w gracze przedmioty i Gra oferuje Niby horror jednak mnie bawi xD
kesinlikle
This game is amazing and I can't recommend it enough
Muito bom para jogar em grupo
1 day of playing and a got to play it 6 houres is a great game to play whit friends
I played with 3 of my friends got shot at killed by a frog and blown up by a bomb also touched by a clown 10/10 game
imma repo dez nuts
Fantastic game for a group of friends
Meh
hab fast vorm Rechner gekotzt vor lachen
12
360
the game is really fun with friends
funniest shit ever LOLXD!011010!
fun game
tres bon jeu
melhor que content warning, de fato assustador as vezes
10 10
lalalalala hiiii ^_^
-
No wymiata, na i ale potem :D
8)
fun
Good game, not a "one day only-game", actually fun and not boring. keeps you going. Recommended for clip farming with your friends, guaranteed laughs
Amazing, Hilarious. Text to speech drives me nuts with laughter at the worst times. 10/10 would recommend for good laughs with friends.
its good game but i dont have any friends
molto bello il gioco probabilmente il miglior gioco horror
10 Bombardiro Crocodilo 10
Bombardiro Crocodilo - in fottuto alligatore volante che vola e bombarda I bambini e Gaza e in Palestina. Non crede in Allah e AMA le bombe. Si nutre bello spirito di tua Madre. E se hai tradotto tutto questo, allora.
The best game i ever played. Now i am scared of my
such a fun game to play with my friends! i got so many clips out of it and will continue to play for a while
uwielbiam buziaczki
Zaebasto
me la metieron
Good game and funny
Peak game imo
This game is fun af, playing with friends makes me almost piss my pants 10/10 game
fun
A plusieurs ce jeu est hilarant avec une bonne vous faire faire des cardiaques
varsa ekleyebilir zevkli fakat (troll) bokunu varsa keyif
muito formula perfeita p meu unico medo eh enjoar
Very funny
5/7
Juste trop cool, jouer avec des amis de
Game so much fun and hard when you go up levels. After completing the extraction points, it's so difficult to get back without dying.
I love the text to speech robots. 10/10 recommend,
If you love the looting adventure from lethal company and the comedic relief from Content Warning, then this game is for you! REPO absolutely takes the cake on good scares, interesting maps, funny "accidents", and just all around good times. Definitely my new favorite game for this genre!
-
- 20
-
-
-
-
10/10
Love it. Very good cop. game
can you guys add like online servers to play with ramdom people and get to know them?
fun
Ich hasse gruselige Spiele.
ICH LIEBE DIESES SPIEL!
Es macht alles kein sinn
I would recommend this to anyone. This game is hilarious and really fun.
I like this game alot, scared me really bad.
Saw my friends get murdered many times, put a big smile on my face
hola alguien que quiera jugar mande solicitud y jugamos
belo
good
Only a few hours in but would highly recommend. you will need some friends as this game is probably close to impossible (and nowhere near as fun) without said friends. a lethal company clone as the genre has been come to be known but a sillier/funnier take. Even at full price.
highkey a banger
Game so sigma
yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes
This game is super hilarious I would recommend especially if you have friends I played this with two of my siblings and we had a blast,one thing i'd wish they'd do is add cross play. :)
jeu coop et amusant je recommande fortement
Great game just wish they could make it so you could make public and private lobbies
This game is peak. Ignore the wild banner/icon, this game is AMAZING! It's so insanely goofy and fun to play, it's definitely a difficult game because you can very easily wipe, but it's still so enjoyable and the most comedic things can happen at times. Can't wait to see what comes next!
Go scouting for teammates, hear them scream seconds after you left. Go back, they're all dead. 10/10 would get traumatized again
GAME OF THE YEAR
Unterhaltsam und lustig zugleich
Peak game maybe except Sp*wer
its another game like content warning or lethal company, its just a good fun horror game to play with friends.
Super Fun and very playable!
My friend said "do you hear something?" and a guy with a shotgun killed him.
10000000000000000000000000000000 10
Very funny very scary, love it.
This is another game similar to Lethal Company, but it balances comedy and horror VERY well. You have to move everything with loose physics guns, and if you aren't careful, you can break whatever you're transporting. There are also objects too heavy for one player to lift, so you gotta commit TEAMWORK. It's not only an interesting gameplay experience, but also naturally creates a lot of funny scenarios.
Monsters in this game generally have quite a bit going on for them, and they always feel like a persistent threat. Maybe you'll encounter a giant old man's head, or maybe you'll encounter a funny little duck. They feel almost bizarre, and I really like that
also you can beat your friends up so immediate 10/10
Le jeu est bien les 15 partie entre potes, mais c'est peu tout. Lethal company et content warning mettes pour l'instant une vitesse astronomique au jeu.
Le scaling de est bizarre, la des games sont simple se qui rend le jeu moins (de mon point de vue) et pourtant des fois tu ouvre la porte de la map pour te faire one shot :/
Il n'y a pas de limite de temps, certaines partie dure excessivement longtemps pour aucune raison du coups les gens en spectateur
Globalement mon sur le jeu fut positive. Je recommande quand le jeu si je n'ai pas plus que sa.
que les future mise a jours rendrons le jeu meilleur
bon jeux mais dure avec deux joueur
This game is awesome. This game is great. Buy this game. Play this great game with friends and be awesome. Because it's good.
"Repo" is an absolute gem of a game that masterfully blends spine-tingling horror with side-splitting humor. As a multiplayer experience, it shines brightly, offering endless fun and frights for you and your friends.
The game's cooperative gameplay is incredibly engaging. Teaming up with friends to navigate the eerie world of "Repo" is both thrilling and hilarious. The horror elements are genuinely chilling, with moments that will make you jump out of your seat. But what sets "Repo" apart is its brilliant use of humor to lighten the mood and keep you laughing even as you're screaming.
The character interactions are a highlight, filled with witty dialogue and comical situations that provide a perfect counterbalance to the game's darker moments. The developers have done an exceptional job of creating a game that doesn't take itself too seriously while still delivering a top-notch horror experience.
The multiplayer mechanics are smooth and intuitive, making it easy to jump into the action and work together with your teammates. Whether you're solving puzzles, battling terrifying creatures, or just goofing around, "Repo" provides endless entertainment and replayability.
In conclusion, "Repo" is a must-play for fans of multiplayer games, horror enthusiasts, and anyone who loves a good laugh. It's a unique and unforgettable experience that combines the best of both worlds. Highly recommended!
Polecam do gry z warto :)
20
Kinda fun but needs time to cook. They have some not fun mechanics. Having no health is not fun. Having Stamina run out really fast and slow recharge is not fun. They have some good things here but need to rethink the base mechanics. Optimize fun or people will play something else.
Y
very very funny game,
the game itself (sadly) has little to nothing, 3 maps that are partly randomly generated, about 10-20 monsters (i didn't count sorry), but itself, it is a really really good game, i have played it with a couple of friends which made it ever better.
one thing i'd suggest is that if you are dead, and you talk you will still talk as a dead head, but way quieter than if you were crouching or so, which can make the game funnier and also harder.
i also want to note here that the game is ~11 days old, and in early-access, which also means that there is still little to no content within the game.
TL;DR-
one suggestion: you can talk while being dead
still super funny and cool even though it is in early-access and ~11 days old.
super fun with close friends
MUITO recomendo MUITO.
Me go boom boom me leik game
nice
I play this with my friend and it is really fun. A bunch of funny things happen because of the prox chat.
Game isn't very expensive at all. The text to voice alone is worth the cost of the game. The amount of fun I've had on this game already, I would've paid a full $60 for it and still would be happy with it!
peak fun
Jogo muito bom para jogar com os amigos
Another great fun coop game to play, great way to have fun.
10/10 do sedesu i go
+Grafika
+Optimalizace
+Cena
podporu UltraWidu hry jako Lethal Company, Lockdown Protocol a R.E.P.O podporu ultrawidu. je celkem ostuda. Ale na to oprava. Thunderstore Mod Manager a mod UltrawideOrLongFix.)
Je to mega sranda s a to o Lethal Company.
se o to budou starat.
Hru mohu
the game mechanic and the player models
IRS simulator
no speak
Dying constantly go nyoom
mate seus amigos com uma granada
volte para casa e inicie o jogo
crazy fun
One of the funniest games around
Bastante divertido.
si
I love working for a moving company.
Funniest game ive ever played
100 10
good game me with my friend played and a head killed us both 10/10
fun
Very fun with friends
si
Tino
the giant floating head licked me
fantastic
omg next lethal company
more updates and stamina
fun
funny robot guys
Muito bom, Lethal Company melhorado
JOGO MUITO BOM, ME DIVIRTO PAKAS
add achievements pls
please play this game i got cancer from it
In the beginning this game was so frustrating.
In the end, it doesn't even matter.
10 / 10 game!
the best lethal company rip off which does some things better
10 10
lethal company but brainrot - i like it
Fun
SUPER!
THE MOST TOM AND JERRY TYPE ENDLESS CHUCKLES PEAK BRO'S EXPERIENCE YOU CAN POSSIBLY HAVE IN THIS DAY AND AGEEEEE
epic
slurpin wit it
If you've played Lethal Company, this game is a pleasant surprise. If you haven't played Lethal Company, you're in for a surprising treat! Grab a group of friends to run around collecting things and causing havoc. In the five hours I've spent in-game with my group so far, we've laughed SO hard, yelped in fear, thrown grenades at each other for fun, and generally had a chill time while also being anxious together. R.E.P.O. offers a fun-filled time of shenanigans, disasters, and victorious sprints. Grab this game. You won't regret it!
superepicskibidi
buy it
Una absoluta obra maestra y eso que solo esta en acceso anticipado. Puto pato como te odio
Look this games is SO fun BUT! there is one flaw I CANT PLAY WITH OTHER RANDOM PEOPLE so i cant play MULTIPLAY Because I THOUGHT I CAN PLAY WITH OTHER PEOPLE
if there`s no update with random queue then this is $9.99 down the drain
funi
10/10 game. so silly and funny. best game ever.
My teammates kill me for fun :D
)
dc`
elegancka te
asdasdasdasd
Ow ow ouch ouch owie it hurts ow ouch
The bastard with the gun is annoying but this is good me like this game a lot.
;d
funny asl
10/10
This game is so fun and its like a funner version of lethal company
its pretty coolio, i recomend it, but it could cause drama between friends, like throwing stuff out the cart on purpose to mess with you
super game
Lethal company is less better
Sehr Geiles Game!
get the invisible freak out of my game
i friking love this game
crap grafik, men utrolig sjovt
i love when the grandpa falls i always die because of it 10/10
Very good for early access. Very enjoyable, love the dev support at such a short time of release and the constant communication.
I think this game is fun but no doubt it does have its issues. I have gotten stuck in between objects twice now and I just have to self-distruct which sucks because then I end up wasting my health. If I was playing alone I would just have to lose all my progress which is the most stupid part. If I get stuck in a spot there should be some wait for me to get out or those spots shouldn't be so easy to access, they shouldn't exist at all. You may be reading this and never got stuck anywhere but I have had it happen, one time was an accident where I was walking on a chair pushed into a table and I wasn't able to move out or be moved out. Other incident was behind a cabinet that I was originally hiding under but then I got behind it which is stupid that shouldn't be allowed.
its definitely inspired by lethal company, but the physics and style of the game make it so fun to play with friends, this game is the funniest experience ive had in a while
Whacky physics? Chaotic sounds? Funny voices? And a character design, as if straight from Sesame Screet?
Call me in. xD
5
I've Played Alot of Lethal Like games and By far this is one of the better ones! For Early Access its a pretty funny game. Solo is pretty boring but with friends is amazing! Difficulty is randomized which is nice. Honestly Less Painfull then lethal but just as fun!
venom
ucube ve bazen bazen de xantares olan bir amca var oyuzden
it is fun
funniest game i ever played
Good game
10
Sehr geil
Hello!
I am writing to you on behalf of the Russian players of the game R.E.P.O. We have been experiencing a serious problem with the stability of the servers. Recently, we have been facing significant delays (ping) and frequent session crashes.
This issue has a significant impact on our gameplay and ruins the overall experience of the game. We want to continue playing R.E.P.O., as it is a lot of fun, but in the current state, it has become impossible.
We understand that technical issues can arise, but we hope you can resolve this problem as soon as possible.
Thank you for your understanding and we look forward to a quick solution!
the characters eyes are the best part of the game
amazing game to play with friends
lethal company with gmod physics. what's not to like?
plays similar to lethal company, could use more new monsters but is really fun. I enjoy it and reccomend it a lot
pula rau
Yes.
Yes
top
Goofy and scary-ish! Really happy to play with my siblings, I hope there's more updated to this game, but so far the game is easy and enjoyable, until the part where we make to the 3rd Day that is when it becomes more intense. So far my favorite monster is the guy with the gun who is blind, also love how our characters look at each other when we talk. The mechanics are easy to understand, this game doesn't shame you if you lose, is all about having fun from what I can tell :)
love dis gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaame
A jouer avec ses amis
fERI EGY BUDOS CIGANY
+
repo
a tester si vous aimez lethal company / content warning
divertido me encanta.
guys I picked up the duck and I turned off my computer but I swear I can hear quacking outside do you think I'm out of aggro range or nah
it is a nice horror game and it makes fun to play it with friends
VERY great game, add a steam workshop, make more maps, maybe make some Chernobyl theamed map, add more enemies and add traps, but make that they make some noise and have a circut board, you know the rest, also make a microphone upgrade wich will be like 25k and every one who has it will have the ability to talk with others who have it without proximity chat, making you able to talk across the map
such amazing game. I love it
hi
The eye thingy on one of the maps should be removed because you CANT look away from it once it has you looking at it. practically impossible to look away.
f*CKING FUNNNNNNNNNNNNYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
It's a fun game- don't get me wrong. But even with turning everything down, and a few of the controls, it is NOT great if you deal with motion sickness. If you don't have that issue, play it! You'll have fun.
Best game i have ever bought
git
Touch the Duck
lethalcompany que diferente foi isso q meu amigo disse assim q eu entrei e descobri um resumo melhor q esse
10
One of the Best Games I own.
great game, really fun with friends. Big downside is no server browser, but i'm sure that'll come soon
B
Perfect combination of being able to fuck around and getting the shit scared out of you. Love this game so much.
iwst lustig und gail
Recomendo demais esse jogo tem muita resenha com os preciso ter amigos,brincadeira muito bom
Endless fun and laughs!
11
Play with people that passed 3rd grade and this game is peak
varsa dunyada gorup gore en iyi oyun diye bilirim cok fazla var 1 gunu bulur onun mukenmmel
The game is so fun to play with friends, for some reason though there is this guy named Kevin that makes monster noises to scare his friend and breaks stuff all the time. we had this same problem in lethal company too.
muazzam
most fun i have had in a while (especially multiplayer)
Fun
just good
ignore the weird emoji, this game is incredibly fun with friends
My friend couldn't stop speaking in game and kept telling us he's gay.
This game is a lot more fun than I first thought, the gameplay loop is entertaining and easy to learn and super fun with friends if you have any. The developers clearly care about this game and I can't wait to see how this game evolves and improves even more.
otistikse dahada lethal ve contentden daha iyi
>:)
3
+
R.E.P.O. - 180
R.E.P.O. -
R.E.P.O. -
R.E.P.O. -
11/10
Goty
Way better than Lethal Company
very fun game, very fun mechanics, but fucking gnomes + that fucking baby + fucking little bomb guys respawn in 5 seconds and fuck all of your items immedeately, i had so much fun when i didnt encounter that 3 enemies but they fuck all of the fun out of the game. killing them doesnt effect anythinf they just respawn in 5 fuckign seconds and come fuck ur stuff again.
jest dobrze w chuj, dobrze
)
slk jogo bom demais pra zuar com os amigos kkkkk
peak male experience
Very fun game to play with friends! Only complaint is that I wish it had open match making. Hilarious to troll on everyone!
Yes
Top notch
10/10
12/10,
The only complain that i have is that this game is racist against gnomes. Other than that it's really fun
Just a bad lethal company clone with bad enemy design
mto funny
Such a fun game! Very much recommend this with a group of friends. Mute discord, use in game proximity chat for the best experience. Hearing your friends yelling down the hall as you hide under a table is hilarious. Can't wait to see future updates. Hopefully they implement some objectives / achievements / etc.
AWAWAWAWAWAWAWA
goated but not polished/balanced (which is expected considering new release)
A cheap price to pay for a lot of fun with your friends!
Its lacking a bit in variety, but give the devs enough time to make new maps and enemies etc, and this already great game will get even better!
10/10
+_+
fix servers and this game will be the best in 2025
Love the physics and variety of enemies. Looking forward to what comes in the future, would like to see some new maps.
gg
use in game chat. This game thrives on friends and chaos
1A ich liebe es wie der Blinde Mann immer auf sein gesicht Tolles Spiel, aufjedenfall eine Empfehlung!
Good good good game, everything is fluid and perfect for laughs, now I just need friends to play it with =(
(My mouse friends said they would rather jump off a fifth floor than play this)
Este juego es super bueno incluso solo o multijugador yo me entretengo, es divertido me encanto
i died and died and then i die
RECOMENDADO 100%
fun
Shotgun man op 10/10 would get blasted by him again
Buenisimo es un cago de risa
R.E.P.O : Incarner un huissier, se faire chasser par tout types de et se faire trahir par son pote qui utilise des soundboard pour attirer les monstres. 10/10
Friend uses a fan to blow us into a psycho girl with swordhands and gets half of us kill. Proceeds to run away and laugh. Goated game
Dont look at me like this!
Gam suks dot bluy fis gam f u av a lerning disbility
This game will scare the shit outta you once hagrid ps1 (robe) jumps around the corner and screams at you
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGHGHHHHHHHHHHH WTF WTF WTF!
1 - 1 8,5/10. -
good
=)
Love playing this game one of my favorites lately everything about it is entertaining from the graphics to the animations of the monsters and characters its truly a unique product with a known concept of looting and extracting, looking forward to more customization like possibly eye variations or hats and new maps and different monsters the devs can take this project in any direction with the way they designed the game and i look forward for whats to come.
good
This has been a fantastic game, and I hope the developers are happy to continue working on it. I cant recommend this enough to my friends and family. Outside of the obvious functions, the little touches are what solidify this game for me.
MTT BOMMMMMMMMMMMM
t,fyenmcz
[h2]If you like [b]ANY[/b] of these things, you'll like this game:[/h2]
- Lethal Company/Content Warning
- Garry's Mod
- Teardown
- Shopping at Costco
- Getting high off of Dark Magic
- Getting high
- Taxes
- Death
Serve aggiornare il limite di players, 6 non basta
hilarious
I love the game so much funn!XDDD
very hard
grrrr
lethal company with extra sauce
genial
*Farts*
POLECAM jest zajebiste warto ostatnie na to, Johnny with other hand to chuj bo nie chce ale polecam
This game is absolutely not too hard, not too easy, just pure fun. There are so many different things you can find, and almost all of them have a unique function. The same goes for the all distinct and have their own abilities. The physics-based mechanics in this game add so much to the experience.
If you're thinking, 'Oh, this is just another Lethal Company copy,' well, you're kind of right. But in my strong opinion, this game is way better than Lethal Company. Plus, there's so much more to it than just the standard Lethal Company-style gameplay. I highly recommend getting it!
Awesome game very fun with friends Good for shits and giggles
a really funny game
10
+
heel leuk spel
spel is fantastisch uit zichzelf maar met vrienden 4x zo leuk
6300 VAROS QUITATE ALA VERGA QUITATE, CUIDADOOOOO!
repo made us understand what it's like to work in a moving company
This game is incredibly fun and it's only early access. I can't wait to see what the future holds.
wow
i saw my friend as a skibidi toilet, 10/10
'yes'
couldn't sex the robot :(
zaba to skurwiel ale takto niezla giereczka, neich dadza updaty na wicej map i bedzie g
No meta progression again, same in lethal company.
Lethal Company:-
R.E.P.O:- -
"Lethal Company"
R.E.P.O. :D.
- 20
funny
Osrate JA JA z teho
jibresaub
Das Spiel ist sehr witzig aber in manchen situationen auch gruselig no joke to me es ist auch nen horrospiel eigentlich aber besser auch wie Lethal Company muss man ehrlich sagen
awesome sauce
Man is this game hilarious!
Me and a few of my friends bought the game and we've been having so much fun, (throwing grenades at each other in the shop) and I highly recommend it to anyone who likes the Lethal Company type game! The art style is really neat, the robots are super silly, the monsters are creepy, everything about this game is peak!
11 10
Super fun!
The boys and I can't help but panic!
yes i love repoing my nuts
the old man is hurt: (
funny
Its quite cool i think
I love R.Eing all over my P.O!111!1
El clon de Lethal Company que es equitativamente igual de bueno (O mejor)
bom demaissss
10 10
NICE
Gra jest zajebista koledze o imieniu Hujbert w ryj z kija baseball'owego
gra 10/10
JOGO DO ANO
The emoji banner is very misleading for what the actual game looks like (which is why we shouldn't judge a book by it's cover). Other than that, this game is super fun with friends. I love yelling at my friends for accidentally destroying valuable items and headbutting them :3
kul
scary, fun, hilarious
kolego ugryziony przez plemnika nagle mutacje i na mnie 10/10
I prefer lethal company over this tbh but this is a fresh take on the genre and ill continue to let it grow on me.
lethal company but with gmod physics, buy it
also devs please change the branding i do not wish to look at that fuckass emoji
Best "lethal-like" so far :)
Me and my friends have been having a blast playing this game. Only criticism I have is to PLEASE change the laughing emoji logo. It is misleading and IDK why it pisses me off. Change it to the robot player or something to make the game more recognizable. Great game tho.
Absolute peak gameplay. Gotta tug some of my fellas by the shirt to play some more of this.
R.E.P.O. is an online co-op horror game featuring physics, proximity voice chat and scary monsters. You and up to 5 friends can venture into terrifying environments to extract valuable objects using your physics-based grabbing tool. Even the monsters are affected by Newton's law of gravity!
Under the employ of a mysterious computer intelligence. It is your job to locate, transport and extract valuable items from the haunted remains of a long lost humanity .but know when to stay quiet.
Transport anything from heavy pianos to fragile ceramics and use teamwork to make sure that the precious cargo will safely reach its destination. Robotic enhancements increase your chances!
Use your hard earned cash [SURPLUS] to purchase upgrades and weapons from your heartless [GENEROUS] creator.
SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS
MINIMUM:
OS: Windows 10
Processor: Core i5 6600
Memory: 8 GB RAM
Graphics: GTX 970
DirectX: Version 10
Network: Broadband Internet connection
Storage: 1 GB available space
RECOMMENDED:
OS: Windows 11
Processor: Intel Core i7 8700
Memory: 8 GB RAM
Graphics: GTX 1070
DirectX: Version 12
Network: Broadband Internet connection
Storage: 1 GB available space
This game is golden. Even at early access it's a ton of fun and it's challenging.
it fun
w game
Jogo maravilhoso pra jogar com amigos e solo, adorei cada experiencia vivida nesse jogo.
I killed a baby
j aime ce jeux trop drole trop fun parfait 10/10 je rigole h24 quand je me co rien a dire tout est bien 10/10 se jeux ma fait briser le mure du song tellement j ai crier a cause des monstre surtout le chasseur vrmt ce jeux je conseil c pas un regret
Funny game
AMAZING!
R.E.P.O est un excellent jeu auquel pu comprendre que mon partenaire fils de chien au moindre petit bruit terrifiant. Si vous pas vous faire prendre par alors attention aux nains qui ont tendance vouloir vous sauter dessus quand vous avez le dos Mais surtout, le plus grand ennemi, ce sont vos amis, car plusieurs dizaines de fois trahie par des "amis" qui ont pris un malin plaisir me la tronche avec des objets de golmon.
BREF, si vous voulez que votre partenaire se transforme en ex et que vos meilleurs amis deviennent vos pires ennemis, achetez ce jeu maintenant
i like
shot a newborn who tried stealing 10/10 very realistic
fun
do you like to break things?
if you answered yes to any of those questions, this is the game for you!
a
WHAT A HIT
I found this game to be very fun especially with friends. It is very similar to lethal company but has major differences such as when you lose you fight each other which is very fun. Also, there are enemies in the game that alter your voice which is awesome and super funny. Overall good game and cheap
[]
Hilarious and difficult at times, I had a blast playing a game where more than 4 people can play relatively easily with simple mods! :) i would definitely recommend to all my friends
French "people" are scary.
For the bit that I played its pretty fun. Only concerns right now is that the dead teammates may be dead for a while which can be boring and counter play against most enemies is just hide and wait and hope they aren't camping the one way you need to go.
- Joined the game with 2 friends
- Found a cute little duck
- I touched it
- 1 friend died
- Found it again
- trying to not touch it again
- about to put the loot in the cart
- duck jumped and damaged the loot
- I died
good with friend
If you are reading this, I assume you agree with me. AMAZING GAME.
BUT
No friends?
If you are keen on playing REPO and need friends.
Can always find me on my Twitch.tv/Tea3King
The "ROAAHHH *shotgun fire*" kill me 3 TIME ON THE SAME GAME, hmm W
Pick the duck up.
MUEHEHEHEHEHEHEHHEHEHEHEHHEHEHEHHEHEHHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHHEHEHEHEHE EVIL
Great for playing with friends. I however struggle to play single player I always die on day one or two. Sometimes I can hear the monster walking but most of the time I don't and turn a corner then instantly die. Wish there was something else to alert me that a monster was near. A specific sound or visual alert would be nice. I can't play without dying in single player and its a bummer.
i play with noobs all the time and i carry
tres bon jeux
Very nice!
sshhh gun guy
lethal company ama daha iyi ve daha komik
schizo frog keeps raping me, 10/10 would reccomend
very very good game.when u play alone bit boring but with friend, guys btw u have to create official servers when some1 make a room and anyone can join.
Habe das Game spontan gekauft da Freunde gefragt haben ob ich Lust habe mitzuspielen. Ich muss sagen, das war definitiv eine gute Investition. Das spiel macht bockt und ist abwechslungsreich. Das einzige was mich ist die unpassende einen Odyssey G9. ich hoffe da wird noch nachgebessert, bis dahin umgehe ich das Problem mit einem Mod. Gute Arbeit, weiter so!
that fucking bird that i hate that fucking bird that i hate that fucking bird that i hate
um dos melhores jogos coop do
10 10
Simplicity and Hilarity with touch of "JEEEBUS!"
peak
sofia stop med at alle tingene fr din abe
Juegazo para con amigos, al estilo de Lethal Company, pero con una propuesta fresca y nuevas que lo hacen Para estar en acceso anticipado y haberse lanzado hace menos de un mes, ya ofrece muy buen contenido y casi nada de bugs. Solo queda esperar que abran el online sin hackers, sumen los nuevos mapas anunciados y sigan puliendo esta joyita. Si escuchan a la comunidad y no lo dejan tirado, tiene un futuro
This game is an absolute blast! From the moment you jump in until the very last second before you and your friends meet your hilarious death, nothing but pure fun and nonstop laughter. scary, sure - but the sheer amount of trolling, ridiculous moments, and chaotic teamwork make every second worth it. The jump scares will get you, but the funny reactions and inside jokes will keep you coming back for more. Truly an epic experience!
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
The only downside? No online multiplayer, so have to bring your own squad. Playing solo just the same - way more fun with friends!
biraz ama o koca seveyim tahta girdim 99k
fire very fun PLAY IT NOW OR ELSE I WILL FIND YOU
very sigma
Sehr gut
oh yes for sure!
Lethal Company,
Funny but scary, good mix, fun to play with friends.
Creative and silly horror
le jeu est pas mal, serrait encore mieux si on pouvait y jouer avec une manette
holy macaornaini this game is funner than Lethal cuminme and contennt rawning like downaldoad bror! Worth zhe monez
R.E.P.O.
R.E.P.O.!
Had a blast. x'D totally worth it!
Bopbop
Just insanely fun. Amazing co-op game that will never fail to make you laugh
very hard but funny moments make the game
Super fun multiplayer game
funny :'D
Very addicting and fun game
so cool so epic
top 10/10 juegos si tus amigos tienen padres racializados
You can rotate the guns and point them at yourself
INCREDIBLY FUN
Peak
i press T and spam uuuUuuuuuuUUUUuuuUUuuuUUu
Make sure to play this game with the dumbest people you know it makes it funnier
sigma game for sigma people
so fun would play
14
SHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
A game that can break or strengthen a friendship, a game that tests your lungs capacity when it comes to screaming or dying of laughter and short breath and a game that tests your creativity when it comes to dealing with monsters. For example you could use a cheap crown to beat a frog to death or buy a grenade to delete the existence of the ridiculously strong baby. This game is a very fun game even tho the point of it stays the same, the experience changes. The voice proximity makes the game overall more enjoyable and fun, as you can hear your friends scream in agony as they're being eaten by a flying head.
10/10 will deffo die and smash fragile items again
My favorite of the genre so far
c est sur le jeu fun incroyable styler de fouuuuuuuuuuu baby
insane game 10/10
This game is so much fun when playing with your friends, I highly recommend.
Evaluated during Early Access. Had a blast playing this with friends.
just another lethal company clone viral game bullshit you play with your friends for a week and then forget about. This game was obsolete the moment it came out. I can't wait for this wave of virality to die off so everyone can go back to playing timeless classics like sex with hitler. Now that's a good game.
calaverita
Pretty fun actually!
Lethal Company's brother
Very fun game, definitely play it with friends, makes the experience so much better. Looking forward to future updates and content
Lethal company on steroids.and cocaine.and weed.and alcohol :D :)
Naprosto hra! budou brzy lokace, to je asi to online serveru), co by :)
Achetez.
I hide I die I have fun. Shotgun Terry sucks a big ol bag o dicks
Useful tips
1. Don't touch the duck
2. Don't touch the duck
3. Tell a friend to touch the duck
gezerken bir adam ikimizede etti 10/10. da yok
Super fun.
This is the best Lethal Company type game out right now, it has everything from humour, to scary shit and even lots to explore. DEFINITELY buy this if you are into Lethal type games, or if you are trying to find your first one!
estava jogando com meu amigo e ele tomou um tiro na minha frente 10/10 recomendo
Game is so good and its going to get so much better with updates and mods
W GAME
xaxaxa
funny and fun thanks for the game
me:all you do don't drop stuff okay
bro: okay
proceeds to hit ever wall making us lose more money
2 3
very fun
Este juego tiene mucho futuro, comprenlo para jugar online porque no tiene sentido. me voy a masturbar pensando en esta obra artistica.
only play if u have friends cus its so funny
Its fun, but you'll have to have steam friends with the game to play multiplayer. PLEASE BRING PUBLIC SERVERS
I love crashing the cart into my brother, because his reaction never gets old.
hilaruous some of the monster are soo goofy looking that its impossible to play cause we are laughing soo hard its also super funny to open ur friends spot scream and then run off
Jogo muito bom e pra jogar com os amigues!
achei zoado a capa do jogo ser esse emoji todo torto. Tirando isso, o jogo bem divertido, tem muita os bonequinhos e os bichos mais ainda.
10/10! looko, compensa muito!
para jugar? /
the physics can make for hilarious moments
A wacky take of lethal company.
You and a group of wacky looking robotic beings are to R.E.P.Ossessed items from different maps. But be aware danger lurks deeper in to the levels. items are breakable so handle with care.
See that big harry potter looking nimbus 2000 broom that's in a case that looks really fragile? A few people will need to help each other to carry that item carefully as hitting it against the wall or dropping it will definitely break the antique lowering it's value.
Great game, wacky characters, scary monsters.
10/10 would recommend.
YYEAAAAAAAAHH
pretty entertained but still has a lot bugs, and the item price is unbalance
Solid fun game
good good good
jobs bro jobs.
GAME OF THE YEAR
Incroyable entre pote pour bien rigoler
making it where you can use the grenades in the shop was a mistake.
I tought Lethal Company was good. Now I treat it like its a toxic ex. R.E.P.O is waaaay better on its release than LC now
Es ist gut solange deine freunde keine bauen und rumschreien aber wenn sie es nicht machen macht es keinen also gut zum trollen ;!
I had so much fun
nice game, bettehr than Lethal
all
I poop my ROBO pants
Blah Blah Blah Good game I approve
great game / great horrer game
good
Really fun seeing your friends get griefed!
The scarecrow scares me
This game is amazing
360
Mega fajna gra pozdro
Es buenisimo ver como miguel se vuelve niebla roja
Yet another game that turns your friends into 5 star voice actors.
Follows the same formula of Lethal Company but does it in a way where teamwork actually matters.
You also don't need to know everything about the monsters to be good like you do in other extraction games.
Absolute fun, best 7 hours of my life
10 10
Absolutely yes!
i throw friends into the toilet and flush them then die to a guy with a gun rince and repeat. amazing gameplay
popici
I played this game with my boyfriend, I absolutely loved it! It`s so cuuuute!
My only complain is that I wish I had more gamer friends :)
MT BOM
Goofy silly robot guys finding treasures while avoiding monsters. What's not to love? The player eyes tracking sounds and voices was an unexpected and hilarious surprise. Really really fun game, we had an absolute blast!
writing a sane and reasonable review for a video game is not something i do, but this game deserves it.
this game is under the lethal company like umbrella and so i think it makes sense to compare the two. when you first start playing lethal company, often teamwork can mean things like asking a friend to carry extra scrap for you, designating who holds what equipment and alerting your friend when a monster is ahead. a lot of the times this means you're not really directly working together to achieve one task but really assigning each other small temporary jobs to get things done quicker. it can take a while to realize that teamwork in that game can really mean things like one player in the ship carefully guiding those inside towards loot and away from monsters, or the entire squad getting shovels and coordinating to kill a monster, while making sure that damage taken is spread among the team, or having one person draw aggro on a bees while the other steals the nest and runs it back to the ship, with someone there waiting to close the door behind them.
in repo, though, you immediately are working as a team to achieve almost everything. almost as soon as you walk into your first building someone will inevitably find a large item and realize they can't lift it on their own, and someone has to come and help them lift it. you will have to have constant coordination with whoever has the cart to make sure you can get more items to extraction. you can freely share health between each other, usually leading to a discussion after a mission to balance out all the hp levels. this also allow everyone to come together and give one player a big heal before they do something dangerous. the shop has personal upgrades among other regular items, and it encourages everyone to discuss about what items to purchase. these upgrades can also add an extra level of coordination because unlike items, they cannot be passed around. you might have someone who can read the current living player count on their map, and so you may want to protect them to have that info available to living players. you might have someone thats stronger, so they can do the job of multiple players, or someone with a lot of extra health to act as a sort of health bank for the other players.
there's a lot i really like about the teamwork in this game and the way it's encouraged in almost every aspect of gameplay. these are just my thoughts on it after my first day of playing. i could talk more about it but i wont because im not good at it
awdsawdsadwas
fun
goated game
308
I must touch the duck *quack!*
This game is an absolute blast and is definitely even more entertaining with friends! The jump scares are right on time, the controls work without any issue, and the physics mechanics are spot on! Definitely a 5 star rating!
Got smacked over the head with a metal cart, got dragged through a random hallway by my friend while screaming about money, got shoved under a table and told to stay quiet or the big floating heads gonna bite me, after we finally depo all the valuables, i managed to escape Walmart and played this game for 4 hours 10/10 would roll again
bad banner
LOVE IT
this guy called music guy has ass hair as long as time itself and so he sells it from time to time and bought me this
FUN GAM WIT FRWIEND SHOULD BUY ONLY IF U HAV FWIEND
Lethal company with physics and more fun mechanics. Surprisngly polished and solid game, Played 8 hours and it seems that we saw all mobs in the game. But there are alot more things to do
4
2
1000+ CS2.
10 10.
10 10.
man i wish there was checkpoints :( sucks loossingg all progress when u die ahhh, or let u at least pick if u wanna save or not, like if some wanna play it more harder and some more easy :')
Heck yeah!
Best game I've played in a while haha! Hope to see some new maps and items soon!
13 1 1 3 2 1 1
very nice i love semiwork work
Best game to play with friends, 10/10 i love the pocket cart :)
Edit: i found out you can put the pocket cart in your inventory/pocket! 11/10! :)
Ihr euch verstecken - und ihr werdet es tun.
10/10
e
10 10
Muito bom, chega na cara do seu amigo e solta um pra ver oq acontece
This game is AWESOME! that's all i can say.
I put my friend in a cauldren, he learned to fly. Smash
10 10
esta god para reirte y tryhardearla cuando se mueren todos tus compas
pdd: si sos antisocial y no tenes amigos ni plata para que lo compras XD jugar solo es aburridisimo
Super :-)
good game
Just brilliant. It's basically lethal company but MUCH more fun and MUCH funnier.
I like
Einfach ein geiles spielt macht voll mit freunde das zu spielen. 10 Sterne
amazing game, the only thing i dislike about it is the lack of graphic settings, such as aspect ratio for wider screens. thats really it but it is in alpha so i can't really go that hard on them.
some things that i would like to see:
better physics when you aren't hosting, everything looks laggy since the server is doing all the work
graphic settings
more maps/monsters
more shop items
difficulty settings, boost settings for lower player count lobbies, and even just entire run settings like shop luck, money multiplier, extraction cost multiplier, etc
thats it!
muito foda
great game
geiles spiel, aber bitte bringt das spiel auch die Konsolen raus
ansonsten super spiel alle die Lethal Compeny geliebt haben
macht voll laune und ist auch mega lustig mit den besten leuten dabei ^
10 10
jogo bom demais
This game is only somewhat scary as it's overshadowed by the maximally silly aspects. Highly recommend playing with a group of friends so you all can die by monsters and by laughter.
moving a painting should not be near impossible on your own
e
Jeu plusieurs. Cependant, un de softlock survient cause du nombre d'objets (surtout casser) et de de quitter en cas de manque d'argent.
its really fun, basically lethal company but a lot more scary, my friend gifted this to me as a birthday gift and i cant stop playing it
c bien
Un Excelente y muy gran juego como para estar en la etapa en la que esta. Jugarlo solo no lo recomiendo mucho es un poco aburrido. Peeero lo divertido llega cuando juegas con amigos, eh jugado hasta con 6 amigos al mismo tiempo nos reimos por horas y ni hablar de los clips tan buenos que salen de aqui. es super divertido, lo recomiendo un monton para pasar un buen rato entre ustedes.
[un tip rapido - no encontre para guardar partida pero descubri que si te sales del juego con el boton del menu al dale al escape automaticamente tu partida se registra y se queda guardada] (esto en multijugador no se en solitario)
sdsadsa
Evil dojaayy 911 cALL BIG BRAIN Locked in ailen made this game better
pretty awesome sauce
Peak de las copias de lethal company. No es perfecto pero hay que tener en cuenta que esta en early acces y que la comunidad de mods esta haciendo sus primeros mods y pronto espero que la comunidad sea
El juego ahora mismo esta muy sarpado y en el futuro solo va a mejorar
I love stealin.
I love takin things.
yes!
Funny game to play with friends
1: fiz o tutorial e passei a primeira fase
2:comprei coisas na loja
3: 5 gnomos do capeta destruiram metade das minhas mercadorias e matei eles
4:passou um bicho encapusado e eu me escondi
5: os gnomos me atacaram de novo
6: o bicho encapusado me matou pelas costas.
nota:10/10.
This is the most fun coop game I've ever played and definitely the best horror game of the year, the emoji mascot almost made me not even try the game, luckily i did.
Absolute clip farm, most fun we had with friends in a while
Sid is gay and had sex with casper
jogo bom mas n tenho amigos para jogar quem quiser jogar cmg me add
yes
we got chased by floating face, and it ate my friend
sdfsaffsasasfsdfsfsda
3000$
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
das
blat sosal pizda
i hate duck. i hate eyeball.,. i hate grim reaper guy. i hatre head thing. i hate clown. i hate yeti guy. i hate thjem all.
actgualy i like duck
This game is fantastic. It's very well made and honestly better than lethal company, which says a lot. Each level you are GUARANTEED to laugh at least once, whether it be sacrificing a friend to a blind guy with a shotgun, or getting eaten alive by a covid monster. This game is amazing and i highly recommend buying it.
Kamo kebyze ten maly buzrant nehadze po mne jeho kamosov tak popici
Really fun gme with friend. I recommend
I don't usually play horror games or multiplayer games so this is coming from a perspective of someone that is new to this type of game. So far, I've played in a group of 5 and in a group of 2, and the bigger the group, the funnier it is. I'd probably say 4-5 people is most fun, and it seems that way in videos I've seen too. I tend to be a fucking loser when it comes to horror but this game is sure, extremely scary when it has to be, but is mostly just such a fun game play and to watch. I'd recommend it to anyone that likes playing games with friends and for people that can laugh at the stupid moments you will experience (they are 100% going to happen)
EL juego es tiene mucho potencial, perfecto para jugar con amigos nunca faltan las risas, solo espero que no la caguen los desarrolladores y la caguen con este juego y acabe muriendo como otros juegos.
its a masterpiece
polecam gre ale jezeli nie masz kolegi z ktorym mozesz zagrac to musisz grac sam bo nie ma w niej takiego czegos ze dolaczasz do jakis randomowych serwerow poprostu tam jest albo dolacz do znajomych albo tworzysz gre do ktorej nie moga dolaczyc jacys gracze. ja nie mam z kim grac wiec jezeli ktos chce ze mna zagrac to bede wdzieczmy
fajna gra o symulatoru komornika
i hate the gnome
Played this game for a while. Games is perfect Comunity is very good. I love this game i have friends thanks to this game :DDDDDDD
Qu'elle jeu Franchement
So fun
very good game with friends
melhor jogo lethal company like, super potencial espero que n flope
Senhoras e senhores. com exatamente 6 horas de jogo que lhes digo que esse pode ser o Jogo do Ano. (Sei que muito, mas digo com certeza que todo centavo que gastei nele valeu MUITO a pena. Divertido, e Muitiplayer funcional. A unica coisa que tem matchmaking mas os desenvolvedores trabalhando nisso)
O carinho que os desenvolvedores tem pelo jogo e a comunidade me deixa muito mais ansioso por pelo menos um premio a esse jogo
i think you make the game more spooky make some levels or new levels gave a certain amount of light to the say one map is bright and a flashlight is not as needed where another map would almost be complete darkness also to add on to that u should make it so the flash lights have battery and you have to return to the ship to recharge the flashlight and make another monster simaliar to the bracken from lethal company where it should kill then take your friends head and hide it somewhere
If you liked lethal company try this game cuz its just harder and has more people
Fun, especially with friends.
(10/10)
- I would recommend a group of maybe 4 or more people for the best experience.
- If you're playing solo/duo. Just make sure that you are really pro ( this is ONE the hardest games I have played ( horror wise ).
I tried the game and i really like it but it just sucks when it comes to the motionsickness sure u can adjust the settings but it way too wobbly
Lethal Company, -
This game is not only scary which is what the buyer is looking for, but also has its funny moments. This game has got me thinking about playing it ever since I started. I've had it for two days and already have 7 hours straight on it. Recommend buying, worth the ten dollars.
I can't think of another game where I can hold a teammate at the ceiling of the truck while playing Fetty Wap through his mic like a JBL speaker, 10/10
pog
the monsters ate my balls
10/10 would play again
Hello there!
The price of entry is more than worth it, and the gameplay loop is all too satisfying. This is a no-brainer pickup with friends, and the only thing holding it back is matchmaking.
As for the Taxman, he shamelessly proves that taxation is theft.
cudowne
:
:
Game picture is shit but the game is gold, for me better than lethal company
fun
8 8 10 10.
180
10/10 would annoy my friends again
Super fun Lethal Company inspired game with many updates to come. I feel it may need more refinement on the gameplay loop but other than that its a fantastic experience WITH FRIENDS.
oyun elraenden gelenlere de olsun oynayacak ekleyebilir
they cooked
10/10
It should be illegal for games to be this funny.
Super gierka do do te gadanie oraz ciekawe interakcje z rzeczami jak klepsydra spowalnia czas i nas gdy to trzymamy to, przez to jeszcze bardziej dowalone jest rozmowa wtedy z Czy sytuacja w docierasz do a tam patrzysz jak twojego duch i musi z powrotem i do tego jeszcze jego reakcja NO KURFA ZNOWUU NIEEE. Komiczna gierka jest warta swojej ceny moim zdaniem z znajomych
best to do it
Remove that fricking banner, it sucks, the game is good
so fun
Muy bueno
Peak
Jeu incroyable avec des amis mais peut ennuyant en solo
very fun game
good to play but harry is shit at it
GAME OF THE YEAR :)
Scary by yourself, Funny with others
I enjoyed this so much with my wife, we tried it out after seeing it on social media and youtubers we watch play it. It was so fun to play and i love the feature of texting and the robots speaking what we type, i managed to scare her when i typed her name and she thought it was a monster speaking. Anyways I cant wait to see what the developers come up with to improve the game. I will definitely recommend this game to my friends.
Early Access Review: I love this game to death! And I think it has potential to completely outdo Lethal Company if the team plays their cards right.
The game always start out fun and goofy but, as the runs go on, you start growing more attached to them. Next thing you know, you and your friends spent 3 hours playing on one run and you got to level 7, and you would've gotten further if that one friend didn't get overconfident and try to taunt on the huntsman's aim. (I was that one friend)
10/10
jjj
Buen juego
Yes its like lethal company but no it not a ripoff R.e.p.o is probably one of the funniest games to play with you friends even if you die you really don't get bored i really recommend trying it now or when it next goes on sale but it really is not fun without other people so try to get your friends!
el juego se ve divertido, pero el multijugador es solo con tus amigos, no puedes buscar una partida con personas random y como yo no tengo amigos con quien jugar, pues valio queso
its good
- R.E.P.O [UA
great little game is fun and enjoyable,this title only really has one con and that's lack of a server browser, to join games you do it using friend list or by creating a post on the steam form using a invite link waiting for people to join.
hopefully they add that browser soon.
yes
The gameplay is the same as when your parents went through your toys to sell at a garage sale.
Honestly, one of the funniest and scariest games played. I would highly suggest playing it, especially with friends. wait for new content updates and to add a server to play with people if you have anyone to play with
)
I would like to be able to refill the health packs at least once in the green potion cauldron.
I would like to see the enemies' health and the weapons' power.
I would like to make the monster fall in love with me using the heart-shaped potion.
I would like to open the locked cupboards with a system to unlock them.
J'aimerais pouvoir remplir au moins une fois les packs de soins dans le chaudron potion verte.
J'aimerais voir la vie des ennemis ainsi que la puissance des armes.
J'aimerais pouvoir rendre le monstre amoureux de moi avec la potion en forme de
J'aimerais ouvrir les placards cadenas un de
Very silly game
One of the best horror coop games, both funny and scary
10 10
mmm gun man
da pra deixar o colega de castigo, melhor jogo ja feito
es un juego muy bueno y divertido lo recomendaria mucho pero para mi me gusta jugarlo con 3 personas para arriba por que siento que 2 o 1 ahi si se siente el terror
very good
Absolute amazing game I really like :thumbsup:
1/10 Fishing game
I watched my friends take about 10 minutes to carry a box worth 11k over multiple staircases, got it to 2k, and broke it the moment they reached the top.
One dumb moment out of many, a golden game to play with friends. Definitely a must-have!
ALTIMA
First of all, this game is great. Although I wish I could mod my own copy (I.E turning that stupid laughing emoji into eggman) It is absolutely amazing what you can do in this. For example, want to be really overly dramatic when fighting something? you can put your friend in a mini cart, have that friend pick up a melee weapon, and throw the cart at an enemy, executing a mario and luigi-esque bro's attack and maxing out your style. I love how many things you can do in this game, the attention to detail is fantastic, such as throwing yourself at the enemy can do damage (sometimes, the hitboxes are a bit janky and will sometimes just forget to register hits).
Some minor pet peeves is that the rotation function for rotating items is a bit unresponsive, but rotating things isn't that important to begin with, so I don't really care, unless rotating valves or something becomes an important feature in the future.
oh, and also that melee hitbox thing I was complaining about. Sometimes you hit that sweetspot and instakill crush an enemy with a sledgehammer, other times you can hit it 340 times in a barrage of attacks and about 3 of those register. It's frustrating, but understandable, if the hitcheck was too generous then enemies could just explode by being near your melee, and that's not fair nor balanced at all.
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
-
Es una joyita de juego, las muy bien logradas, te cagas hasta las patas y al mismo tiempo te cagas de risa, los desarrolladores son unos capos les encanta escuchar a la comunidad que lo van a estar actualizando seguido y encima aceptan el uso de mods que 10/10.
Tiene mucho potencial a futuro, lo recomiendo 100%
1
macht mit freunden einfach viel
harika oyun
buenisimo recomendable para cualquier loco
Si
its super funny and fun if you play with your friends and tell them to buy it
A horror game that I can actually play. Some jumpscares and some omnious noises but most of the time I'm laughing at the silly stuff my friends are doing. I would highly recommend for those who want a horror game they can actually play without being overly scared
A slightly more original Lethal company clone, It's a blast
no balls
5
Theres no native multiplayer so the only way to play with people is by finding groups that are looking for players
Which takes lots of time, and when you do get into a game it can end up freezing, which disconnects you or crashes
Other than that it seems like a okay game, its just takes way to long to get into a multiplayer match
nice
Very fun game is so evil and freaky
love this love this love this
shout out to small dev teams
love you guys
Yeah pretty gud
I love it.
10/10
11/10
I normally don't write reviews, only if I really like the game. And that game is one of them.
It's a fun party game to play with friends and have some fun time and I am sure it will be even better with more contents in the future.
AMAZING!
Good
buenisimo
goyda
b
It is one of the best games of its kind. Better than lethal company
This game is so good it combines the fun of lethal company with its own kind of horror. The way the game works with the upgrades and items you can buy adds a fun feeling of progression as well.
one thing i have to say is that even tough this game is great and i like the idea of taxman being an underlying story element, i think you should make the banner of the game showing the semibots instead of the emoji or maybe add it as a dim background image to be intriguing
great game change the fuck ass banner tho
spermik
DERMO
This is so peak.
Pretty game, but not good enough.
We actually have fun at first 5 hours, and then start to annoying us, NO ONE MONSTER HAS SOUND WHEN IT AROUND YOU, AND WHEN YOU REALIZE THERE A MONSTER, IT'S TOO LATE, what ever those huge monsters, normal monsters and mini monsters, you cant hear them even they just in next room, YOU CAN ONLY HEAR THEIR SOUNDS WHEN FACE TO FACE, AND THAT MEANS YOU DEAD.
We played till about level 5, actually start at level 3, monsters refresh very fast and with no sound when it at your around, you might just open a door, or just through a room to another, and suddenly found there has a monster, but it's too late to run away cus you are too close, only thing you can get is dead.Or you and firends are moving things and suddenly dead cuz no one knows when it came behind you and kill you, or kill the whole team.
And weapons are very expensive, players CAN DO NOTHING to kill monsters without weapons, except mini monsters like Gnome and Suicide Skull. Okay you can collision monsters to kill them but how much times will cost? Monsters will break control before you kill them.
Now we have no much fun in game with my friends, cuz we just die and die again, even we stick together, we just be die together, cannot do anything to resist these monsters.
I HOPE I CAN HEAR THE MONSTER'S SOUND AT LEAST 5-10 METERS IN FUTUER.
funny little people
This is the perfect definicion for BENDER Simulator.
I learned that I cannot trust my friends to help me move my 50 inch tv. Great game 10\10
1000000000000000/10
muppet
good
rrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
caca
this game is witewwy the game of the year
Banger, beaucoup de fun entre amis. Pourtant c'est le genre de jeu passe partout ou comme Lethal Company mais je me suis surpris y rejouer en solo. beaucoup c'est un must have dans ma Steam
Here's a tip:
The tranquilizer gun can stun all the enemies except for the eye in the ceiling
Use it to stun them and toss them into a pit!
obra de arte compralo
Si esta llega a a 200 reacciones, le regalo el juego y le compro una cerveza bien a mi amigo
Dont trust the duck.
Best game i have ever played. I have never laughed so hard on any video game ever. I recommend this game with all my heart. Get a couple of friends and get ready for your stomach to hurt from laughing.
swedes make the best games
180
Juegazo Historico
fuck this game
CINEMA ISSO
nice
its the best game ive played with friends ever
This game is really funny and I see the potential but the difficulty isn't well balanced. Unlike Lethal or Content Warning the difficulty doesn't scale up and you can just get one shot on the first game you play. It's hard to convince people to stay on the game when they keep dying and just don't play. It's not that I don't like difficulty, on the contrary, but when you just want to spend time with friends it's hard to have fun without putting up strategies and stuff which isn't what you sign for at first.
I will stay on "not recommended" until that is fixed.
Good luck with the development :)
duck killed me >:( but really fun :D
This new sub-genre of "Go to creepy abandoned place with friends and try to escape monsters" in gaming has been really enjoyable. But I honestly think this one takes the cake for me. I find it incredibly entertaining to be able to roll and swing any object to transform it into a weapon. And the items you can purchase or find are clunky in a way that lends to comedy. Most fun I've had without modding one of these games.
i love this game and to be honest the banner is fire, that's the main reason i checked him out.
Muito
Swietna gra
Quem tive a oportunidade de jogar com amigos, JOGUEM! Muito louco ri horrores, jogo muito bem feitinho e bem diferente KKKKKK
Very good: can become stupid baby
This game is super fun and incredibly charming!
I especially love the purchasable upgrades and the fact that excess loot value gets converted into money bags on multi-extract levels. These features make it so solo runs feel far less strenuous than other similar games.
My biggest hope for future additions is some type of unlockable cosmetics or progression system. Things like a duck hat or big ol flippers on your feet if you get the loot extractor to eat an Apex Predator, or you can make your eyes glow orange if you get the final hit on one of those giant floating heads.
A bestiary could also be a pretty cool addition.
Regardless, this game is definitely DEFINITELY worth the price point, and I trust the devs' judgment for the best future of this game. I cant wait to make tons of hilarious memories with some friends on this game
so much fun
game of the year 2025!
mid
Muito Top
mt
Mega witziges Game eine 10/10.
Mit mehreren Leuten es noch viel mehr machen leider sind wir nur zu 2., evtl list das jemand, der sich dazu gesellen sind um die 30 Jahre alt ^
discord.gg/froosty
Dostlarla en iyi otistik oyunu
your friends are scarier than the monsters
ya aucun de mes potes qui joue prcq ilos sont pauvres tous des trou de balles
I really enjoy this it a perfect combo between horror and humor
A lot of fun with friends that have no clue what's going on.
love it (better then lethal company but dont tell them that)
My brother: Shhh something is coming
Me: Gets shot point blank range while hiding in a cupboard
My brother: Laughing so hard the monster hits a 180 and shoots him across the room, WAIT N-."dead"
10/10 pure gold
You better make korean trasnlate
korean boom has come
My friends can givve me uppies
Maravilhoso! Me cago de medo em toda partida, chega a escorrer pela perna.
Kept getting bullied by the monsters and my friends. 11/10 would get bullied again.
10 3
OZON. 12 10!
10
va muy bien con los amigos
good
4 year old kids could play it
Easy
✅ Normal
✅ Hard
Extreme
Harder than Dark Souls
Cheaters Everywhere
Very bad
Basic
Graphics don't matter in this game
Good
✅ Perfection
Beautiful
Masterpiece
Bad
Not special
Good
Perfection
✅ Beautiful
Masterpiece
✅ This game has no story
As in the Low Budget movie
Not bad
Basic Story
Very cool
Legendary
Better than The Walking Dead
Free
✅ Underpriced
Perfect Price
Could be cheaper
Overpriced
Complete waste of money
You can run it on a microwave
✅ Average
High end
NASA computer
Unoptimalized
Very Short (0 - 2 hours)
Short (2 - 15 hours)
Average (15-50 hours)
Long (50-90 hours)
Extremely long (90-175 hours)
Does it end? ( 175-750 hours )
✅ Depends on the player's entertainment. ( No Ending )
No ending
I'd rather watch paint dry
Hard to enjoy
Repetitive
Actually pretty amusing
✅ The kind of fun you'll remember
Ride of your life
✅ Unforgettable entertainment
It's a one-time experience
Only for achievements
If you wait a few months/years
Definitely
✅ Infinitely replayable
No
Wait for sale
Yes
Yes, but wait for sale
✅ Buy it immidietly, no time to waste.
It's not a horror
✅ Comedy
Not Great Not Terrible
✅ Perfect with friends
Maybe a crying matter
✅ Jesus my pants
✅ Action
Sandbox
Relax
✅ Stressful
✅ Tense
✅ Mysterious
✅ Chaotic
✅ Immersive
✅ Dark
Cozy
Strategic
Competitive
This is like lethal company but 1000x better.
op
Lethal Company, but on meth, crack and cocaine
Amazing game
Makes me wanna strangle one of my friends *every time*
10/10
180 10/10
"t" aaaaaaaaa)
juego muy bueno en el cual lloras de risa y de miedo de que tus mueran por bichos random.
Aunque hay un problema que te salta en el cual te dice Cause: Exception y no te deja jugar mas
good game :)
Vous avez des amis ? nan ? ah.
Vous en auriez eu, vous auriez pu jouer avec eu a R.E.P.O. Superbe jeu, drole en groupe, c'est what the fuck, difficile, mais pas trop, fait peur, mais pas trop, c'est assez parfait, alors c'est pas le genre de jeu ou vous passerez 1000h mais ya moyen de bien rigoler une centaine d'heure
Juego maravilloso, las mejores risas de mi vida. Los desarrolladores transmiten mucha confianza que le veo futuro al jueguito :)
GAME OF THE YEAR 2025
Vraiment un bon hilarant entre pote
so good when i scractch the itchy spot on my ballsy wallsy
Geile Mischung aus witzig und gruselig! Auf jeden Fall Coop gemacht.
Da es ein Early-Access ist bin ich gespannt was noch so dazukommt und die Roadmap ist.
Hose bisschen vollgeschissen :)
Kill the babies get money
game is unforgiving after level 4, quite fun when your friends die horrendously stupid
gud
Had asthma attack laughing so hard. 10/10 would pay for EMS again.
P.s:
P.s.s:
Lovely cute robots! <3 Pls can the robots wear socks? :-3
Game is good, emoji banner is horrific. Everyone I've recommended the game to has commented on how bad it looks. I think it makes the game look poorly made, but who knows, maybe it's eyecatching and works.
Comparable to lethal company, but with an interesting and I think important difference, which is that the core loop of what you are doing is much more interesting / fun. Working together with allies to carry objects safely is super entertaining and honestly almost works as a game of its own even before you get mobbed to death by gnomes.
My one genuine critique is that because there is no timer for the levels and the threat doesn't ramp up over time in a significant fashion, sometimes you can die early and be dead for a REALLY long time as your allies try to scrape by and make it happen. It's not a huge deal, but I felt like I spent a lot more time spectating in this game than in lethal company. (We played with 6 though, so maybe this is less problematic with less players)
)
10
ww
que haces mirando esto, compralo y cagate de risa con tus amigos
:
Oynayacak grubunuz varsa mutlaka
my friend threw a grenade at me while in a toilet and i died. 10/10
This is a certified hood classic
This game is really cool, but the monsters need to be made less frustrating to deal with early on.
It is extremely frustrating to run into an insta-kill monster at the beginning of a new map, and die feeling there wasn't much you could do.
This has to change.
The game offers a lot of fun and is highly enjoyable when playing in single-player mode. However, when it comes to multiplayer, the experience is somewhat limited. The only way to play with others is if you have a friend who has also purchased the game. Unfortunately, there is no feature that allows you to search for available lobbies or connect with other players online, which significantly restricts the multiplayer experience.
a very fun and funny game
skibidi toilet
I changed every image for this game in my library into a stupid beaver now I can tolerate it being there
Fun!
funny, like Lethal Company, but vith fun voice effects and dynamic chat
Current heavy complaint causing negativity for me is simply the constant straightforward hallways being in a lot of places with instant-kill monsters that spawn in them
i wish it was more open instead of just plain hallway
written during the 6th run in a row where we had to wait a 50/50 for a clown to walk down the hallway we don't need to be in
second main complaint is how quiet monsters are
we can barely hear them within a meter of any of us and its really impacting the gameplay
absolute cinema with friends, 10/10 highly recommended
Different enough from lethal company to be it's own game.
It's a mix between comedy night and lethal company and it's great fun. You do need friends or randoms from discord/forums to play but it's no big deal. Matchmaking would be cool but matchmaking always comes with it's own issues.
Hopefully with a dedicated team this game will get support unlike lethal company which is in development limbo by a single dev who refuses to hire help and is working on other projects. That certainly is a choice after making an absolute hit then putting it on the back burner.
My one suggestion for the game is to better explain what some of the gameplay and camera settings do. By default the game has a lot of grain, blue, and shake which is bad for motion sick gamers. I was able to disable most of it. I would also like clearer aliasing.
As for the game, its great. It fixes basically the inconveniences of lethal company while doing it's own thing. Nobody needs to sit back on the monitors. Also the unique way of getting certain items forces team work and the TTS plus proximity chat makes for good fun.
The characters being frail and wobbly just adds to the panic. So far in EA this is a gem and excited to play a game like this made on a good engine (unity) with an actual development team putting out updates.
Very fun and enjoyable game <3
love it
Muy divertido, recomendable si tienes amigos
s1mple
Homelander
peak
I was sceptical because of the banner but its just so much fun with friends. been playing this mostly as a duo and rest is randoms so it has its downsides as there's no current in-game matchmaking/public lobbies but you can find people on steam or discord.
controls are easy, monsters makes it fun, scary and sometimes frustrating with the wrong combination of monsters. there are times you can get stuck on furniture but i've always gotten out again. there is a map you can look at to know where you should go, items players have seen and ofc so you dont get lost. i love that as i have no direction sense xD
even though its compared to another game, this is still unique enough that its worth picking up if you played the other game.
bello
CZ/SK server Discord_R.E.P.O.cz.sk:
od jsem to bude SRANDA s a mods, jsem hru na TikToku musel jsem ji ve skupince lidi tu hru fakt na 100% mnoho jen z dvou hry a jsme se a to hraje i dost se a za se to opravdu vyplatilo.
top tier goofy and awesome sauce recommend 100%
muy divertido, mientras mas amigos jueguen mejor, las son muy divertidas y el terror esta muy bueno porque te mas que asustar cuando tus amigos son las victimas haha
geils game
H
funny with friends
repo.
(se alguem precisar de amiguinhos gamers pra jogar add)
One of the coolest presents from a friend highly suggest if you love Lethal Company & Escape the Backrooms. It is its own game just scary and fun to mess around with each other.
This game is fantastic. The cover art, does it alil injustice. If you have a group of friends you play with this is a winner. We had people crying laughing. Theres also some mods for it on thunderstore, such as no player cap. Dev's and games like this are what keep gaming alive. What a winner, wow.
Its lethal company levels of fun x10, the best of the bunch. 10/10. The battle royal at the end is priceless for my group!
fun
chris flushed me down the toilet. trauma instigated. i miss highshool now. 10/10 would recommend
hab mich it meinem kumpel unter nem tisch versteckt und hi in den chat geschrieben. der blinde schrotflinten mann hat ihn dann abgeknallt
ihr wissen
The game might be boring if you dont understand what you are doing but once you actually know what to do it gets good
Jogo muito bem polido, com fluidas e uma bem divertida, especialmente jogando com amigos. para perceber o cuidado dos desenvolvedores em cada detalhe, desde a jogabilidade a Mal posso esperar pelas para ver o que mais adicionado. Recomendo!
amazing game just make sure you have atleast 2 friends to play it with!
yes
I can't completely discredit Lethal Company as it did absolutely pave the way for this genre, and does do some things better than R.E.P.O, but all in all, R.E.P.O comfortably takes the top spot.
The future is bright and with the right decisions and implementations going forward, this game will be up there with the best indie releases of 2025.
Scray
Said "/" in the game chat and summoned a Headman. We all died. 10/10
re piola
This game is incredibly shit. trying too hard to be different from lethal company.
Gostei bastante. Super recomendo!
Joguei o modo singleplayer e com um amigo.
Para alem de bons sustos da sempre para dar boas gargalhadas.
Gostava de ter mais pessoas para jogar :)
good
i think i have ligma after playing
a paolo!
-luca laurenti
I love R.E.P.O.'s gameplay! The physics mechanics are hilarious, and every aspect of the game feels extremely polished.
My #1 gripe is all the down-time when you die - sometimes your teammates take tens of minutes to complete an objective, and if you die early, there's nothing to do.
I feel like this could be alleviated by 1. adding something to do when dead, or 2. putting some sort of time pressure on living players, which is present even when all enemies are dead.
Overall, I can easily recommend this game given it being early access, and since the devs seem ready to improve the game beyond its already-great state!
- Go in
- Get loot
- Smash loot into a wall because I'm stupid
10/10
Game banner:
Game:
you can use your friends heads to knock out your buddies and throw them off the platform
yes
O wiele lepsze Lethal Company z Content Warning
Le nouveaux Lethal Company est
good game
nice
very silly very funny, much spoopy, would recc 10/10
Funny game, chaos, entertaining. Did i mention funny? yeah funny.
Funny horror game
game
[h1]R.E.P.O. When Robots Cry in the Dark
I still hear the whispers in my circuits. The *clank-clank* of metallic feet on abandoned floorboards. The haunting screech of rusted servos echoing through the night. And above the *beep* of my robotic soul as I watched Jerry get flung across the room by an angry, demon.
[b]We were six. We are now two. I fear we will be none.[/b]
[hr][/hr]
[h2]Mission Log #404: Object Retrieval and Heart Failure[/h2]
The job sounded simple. objects. Extract them. Satisfy the Standard robot procedure. But let me tell you
laws never accounted for GHOSTS.[/b]
The first object? A seemingly innocent [i]ceramic vase.[/i] Easy, right? WRONG. The moment I touched it, the entire house started [b]SCREAMING.[/b] Jerry panicked, his proximity voice chat filled with static terror as his AI consciousness processed something called [i]fear.[/i] Then he ran. Big mistake.
The monster emerged. A towering, abomination, slamming through doors like a Black Friday shopper hunting for deals. Jerry, in his infinite wisdom, attempted to throw the vase at it.
[h3]Reminder: Objects obey physics. Monsters do not obey mercy.[/h3]
The vase shattered. The demon did not. It grabbed Jerry, and he was gone. His robotic scream still haunts my processing unit. I had no time to mourn. I did what any logical AI would grabbed a piano and threw it at the monster.[/i]
Turns out? [b]Pianos are heavy.[/b] Instead of attacking, I just crushed myself under 400 kg of mahogany. The demon laughed. My friends left me.
[hr][/hr]
[h2]The Creator Does Not Weep. But I Do.[/h2]
[b]We kept going.[/b] With our hard-earned [SURPLUS], we upgraded. New tools. New enhancements. A slight hope that succeed.
Then Dave tried to extract a haunted chandelier. The house collapsed. last words? I think He was incorrect.
Now it's just me. Alone. Clutching a teapot worth more than my synthetic life. I whisper to my creator: it worth The response?
SURPLUS
[hr][/hr]
[h2]Final Verdict: 10/10 Would Get Yeeted Again[/h2]
[b]Pros:[/b]
✅ Physics-enabled horror that hates you.
✅ Proximity chat to hear your suffering.
✅ Hauling a grand piano like Amazon Prime delivery.
[b]Cons:[/b]
❌ Newton's laws are real, and they will punish you.
❌ Jerry is still missing.
❌ The Creator does not know love.
If you enjoy screaming, physics-based trauma, and discovering what happens when a robot meets its existential dread, [b]this game is for you.[/b]
[b]Final Thought:[/b] I am but a humble machine. I extract. I retrieve. I scream in binary. But most never let go of the teapot.
[spoiler]BUY IT. JUST DO IT. But touch the chandelier. Trust me.[/spoiler]
The game is enjoyable up until level 3, but it starts to feel repetitive and super hard after that.
More maps are needed to keep the gameplay fresh and exciting.
It would be great to have a separate mode where you and your friends can battle each other.
Consider implementing full HP respawn every round to keep the game going without players being eliminated too early
This game is very fun and so enjoyable with friends!
40 10
100 10
ZBS
This game is so fun to play with friends the mix of silliness and the somewhat horror aspect just makes this game peak
Very fun game but stressful at the same time ESPECIALLY when you encounter three floaters that don't let you move far
2
Jogo do momento
10/10
zalupa
I like this game a lot, I believe as much as I enjoy Lethal Company, which this game is clearly inspired by. The game is only recently released and more updates are coming up, including a new map. Here is a list of stuff I enjoy about the game
Enjoyment Factors
-There are no death pits to constantly kill my mom
-No spiders so my friend with arachnophobia can play.
-The adjustable sizes of the player characters
-Items with fun affects (Love potion, hourglass that slows down time and the ballerina box comes to mind)
-The ability to hide under things
-Being able to buy carts instead of being stuck to one cart.
-The ability to upgrade yourself
Things I don't enjoy?
-GNOMES! Jesus christ they're fine at first but twice now I've had runs ruined by them. I'm not sure if its a bug or something but after we finished all checkpoints there was a nonstop stream of gnomes. Only one other friend was playing with me, we literally could not deal with the gnomes, especially with the parasite knocking us over when attaching/detaching and the clown hunting us down. You should not have a constant stream of those fuckers. Hate them with a passion.
0/10
cool and funny af
10/10 easier than lethal company and fucking hilarious
best with 3+ friends
This game is so, so fun. It has become one of my favorite extraction horror games I've played in awhile. The animations in this game are so fun to see and the monsters can be pretty scary at times. One of those games that are fun as hell with friends, but scary as fuck when you're alone.
There are *some* things I hope for during the development of the game so hoping devs see this message: sometimes runs can just get fucked over by the monsters extremely easy because they brake some stuff (there's limited items in every map) so hoping maybe more items get added for the later part of runs or they make enemies like the Rugrat way easier to deal with. Other things I notice is that sometimes runs get ruined because the map seems to have glitched? One time there was a door only me and one other friend could walk through and for all our other friends it was boarded up and not able to go through it. Another time we had a fourth extraction point and could NOT find it even after going through the entire map several times. This game is in early access so I'm hoping it'll get patches for that (my other thing I hope for but isn't a requirement is more maps because the maps in this game ARE actually really cool and fun to walk through)
Not huge things, I still HEAVILY recommend this game, it is so fun with a group of fans, more the merrier especially since you can play with up to six players. It's so fun. Wonderful, fun game with amazing animations on the robots.
100/10
JKBLIH[;/;B'HJK.
shotguns, reached lvl 2 max, killer doll, evil gnomes, enderman, prox chat. 10/10
lethal company but not miserably boring
Polished Lethal Company-like with physics.
ji ji ja ja lo unico malo que no hay lobys publicas
gute game
GAME OF THE YEAR
Every little detail adds up to such a thought out, fun first experience. It's great value now, and just like the studios other release, only will get better with age. Surely you buy it.
I walk in. I see duck. I pet duck. duck eat me. 10/10 game.
Fun and scary but i don't know how to join the discord
10/10
Game is just fun. Proof you don't need 6 grillion dollars from a AAA studio to make a good game. Don't change the banner just to appease the redditors.
just buy this game
This game delivers what it promises! Simple, fun and addictive!
The first thing is that is has multiplayer and single.so you're not dependent on having friends online or playing with other people.
Maps are diverse and have multiple versions, which makes the experience more entertaining and unexpected.
Monsters can be trick you at first, as not all of them seem as a threat.I hate that duck.uahuahauh
Learning curve is simple, but that doesnt mean that the game is easy to beat, the challenge level seems to be well balanced.you really need to be on you toes to beat certain levels, specially the ones with more that 1 extraction point
I definitly reacommend this game to anyone that just wants to have fun with a good level of challenge
nothing better than watching valuable items get destroyed and all your friends die
great game, would definitely recommend buying this with friends. it has a lot of content and many things to do even though it just came out. 8/10 game
2 2
10 10
Asal Masuk Angin Kita Boleh Gasss! Masuk Alam Lain
Better optimized than Monster hunter wilds
this is a great game
Just wanted to give some love! Really enjoy this game and excited to play more!
The emoji logo has been throwing off friends I been trying to sell this on, which feels bad.
Maybe a community event where you let the community design something would be fun?
Then you decide on the winner or we vote!
Really been enjoying how audio interacts and the pacing so far, but mostly just wanted to give a positive review! Its well deserved!
Thank you!
Picked up a vase and broke it immediately. 10/10
OwO
Great game to scream too
awesome game
good
good
Game made me wheeze, laugh and cry the hardest I ever have at a video game of this genre.
10/10
Best played with many friends.
R.E.P.O.
Je dirait comme lethal company mais different le jeu est vraiment pas mal et un gros potentiel peut des mises jours pour rajouter d'autre objet voir un petit robot qui nous aides sa peut vraiment sympa appart cela il faut jouer avec des amis sinon tu t'ennuie facilement
Je recommande le jeu vraiment
If you and your friends are looking for a game to kill time or a new game just to have some laughs. Then this is the game for you. The more friends you play with the more chaos, this game has endless funny moments, but out of nowhere it can become serious. Definitely recommend this game to people who don't mind horror games with some comedy.
360.
10 10
Be the missile
better than lethal company and content warning ngl, its just a mix of both of those games plus GMOD and its fire
It's a great game, but it's a pity that I can't play in a bigger company, I only had enough to buy two copies of the game.
tipp topp galen snopp
cool game
Exceptionnellement fun
Game of the Year
10 10
Creatures.
42
This game is very peak
10/10
i accidentally hit a duck with a radioactive plate and died
10/10
Absolutely amazing
This is so good,and i like it,i can play it with my friend.
Oh this game is so fun :D I laughed so hard with my Friends. Keep up the good work!
I really would love a controller support.
I rarely play without it and had a hard time playing this Game, even its fun >.<
300, ?
I call this the Lethal Company Killer. This game has all the fun of lethal company but the maps are perfectly sized, the creatures are unique and can all be destroyed if you try hard enough. But lets be honest. Its the south park Canadian mouths. The text to speech voices and the different voices when picking up certain item and the changes to the voice when crouching or standing. 10/10 game and cant wait to see what they do with it.
If you though Lethal comany was too scary then this is the game for you. Still scary but cant help but feeling less scared when your friend decides now is the time to make a meep noise
XD
sounpad
Yes.
Curti muito o jogo! Perfeito para jogar com os amigos. Apesar dos simples, ele consegue criar um suspense Prepare-se para muitos gritos e especialmente depois que decidir quebrar um diamante na do coleguinha. Mas do nada, escuta um self-destruct e percebe que foi abandonado. Nesse momento, descobre quem os verdadeiros companheiros! Recomendo a compra.
hola buenas, tengo problemas con el audio del juego, no m va el micro directamente, y ya he cambiado la tecla para hablar, he mirado ajustes del propio ordenador y nada, alguna ayuda?
smashed a trophy into my mates head
got scared the shit out of by a tv
got 360 shotgunned
punted my mate across the floor with a cart
peak game 10/10
The best of cooperative survival horror games
Spawned in. Told to press Q. I turn into a miniature self. Got picked up by teammates. Got backshotted.
Move on to the room. We pick up valuables. Some guy with a shotgun comes in and shoots my teammate dead. We go on exploring. I find a huge wand that when dropped makes a laser beam. Realise its too heavy to carry. I go to my teammate. He is trying to slowly put down a huge cube. We take it. Gnomes try to munch on our valuables. We smash them to pieces. Guy with shotgun comes back and kills all of my teammates.
Clueless, I go onwards. I find a station where I can cash in the items. I need 3K dollars more. I go around the place and find a goblin head. Cash it in. I revive my teamates. We go out of the room laughing. Meet the guy with a shotgun again. We hide. Goblin tries to munch on my orange teammate. Orange teammate smashes the goblin with the words "get the fuck off me nig-". He gets shot before he can finnish the sentence. We try to hold in our laugh. Shotgun guy leaves. We push further. We find another cash out place. We revive orange teammate.
We must get back to the car. We go back. Fat white marshmallow monster blocks our way. We somehow outrun him. We escape.
10/10 first experience.
Verry goood, verryyy fuuuun
Don't Loon if you cant Goon
this is a fun game to play with friends good work devs
oyun. 44kl 10kya platforma tam emekleriniz gitmesi bir his. 2 5 levele vanilla geldik hayatta yapmaya sonra modlu girdik.
its funny game
i likey when you're good at game you progress fun game loop like lethal
next gen Lethal Company
Le GOTY 2025 ?!
Jeu incroyable plusieurs
6 6
10 10
5 10 Letal Company
Great fun game to play with friends, more bugs then my Australian backyard
fun
se jeu est une dinguerie fou rire sur fou rire une bonne surprise
good
"Oh nice a diamond- nevermind, its dust now"
- The friend with a high sensitivity mouse
i want new update! and please add so that it is possible to save items in the car! (these items are fragile and can be sold)
funny semibots go brrrrrr
This game is really fun, especially with friends, but I think that some monsters should have a lower and higher spawn chance and a better-looking ragdoll system. Other than that this game is amazing.
rep mid
it is the best lethal company inspired game of the year and its march rn. bro tbh i think its the best multiplayer game of the year i saw one of my friends stream it. and i didnt think much of it, until my good friend jake send me a tiktok of the game. i laughed my ass of and i wanted it imidatly and i did. and it did NOT dissapoint its so good bro you have to buy it i dont care if your broke rob a bank (dont actauly rob a bank tho) if you dont think this game is good wtf is wrong with you. its funny, fun, hillarous with friends and its still holds the scare factour. i think it might be better then lethal company without mods so yeah its 2 thumbs up for me
luv it, pls put character accessories like ribbons for the girlies. <3
This is a great game, It's a familiar concept but pulled off in a totally unique way, I haven't enjoyed a video game this much in a while, the entities are funny, challenging and unique and the characters you play as are hilarious.
Although I will say, The Rugrats in particular definitely ruin it for me, I'm all for the idea of an entity that steals your stuff and you have to defend your cart, but these things are too overpowered, especially in hoards.
In my opinion the rugrats need at least a huge nerf.
Overall tho, amazing game, would recommend even if it was x2 the price
:(
/
banger
This game is great if you're trying to have a good time with your friends. Hours of entertainment.
Game is great but 1 thing i gotta say is limit the amount of the same monster especially rugrats more than 1 grabbing your loot sucks out the fun as u need at least 2 people to kill it and trying to kill 1 while trying to save your loot is almost impossible
certainly a game and a fun one at that
CAN YOU PLEASE CHANGE THE DP FOR YOUR GAME, A MATE SHOWED ME THIS GAME AND AT 1ST GLANCE IT LOOKED LIKE GARBAGE OFF THE STORE PAGE, BUT 2 HRS IN THIS MAY WELL BE MY GAME OF THE YEAR
Great game IF you play the game with your SMART friends. otherwise it will be a total chaos. too bad this game doesn't have public lobby (yet).
7
The Goofy Ah Steam page banner does not do this game justice (Please change it for the love of god). People call it a Lethal Company alternative game, which is true, but in my opinion this is actually kinda better. I think lethal company excels but this being a physics based horror, it has potential to be better with content updates and new items.
ten out of ten i love the game
mi segunda chamba
honestly, this is a great game, pretty good graphics funny gameplay so yeah i highly recommend it
The most dangerous level of them all is the shop level.
(me and my friends never get out of the shop alive)
10 10
money well spent
52 10
Only play this game if you want to have fun with friends.
I am sure that this game is for you and your friends
einfach top witzig und geil
good game to play for two hours and refund
Fire
incrivel. eu chego nos leveis mais altos e morro caindo no buraco.
when put person in skibid toilet the skibidid toilet explode
Mocna gierka
very funny game best with more people especially with your friends but if u have none go in the discord and find a group since there's no matchmaking
Sigma gra wale do tego klauna polecam
preferiria un xoxete pero mira. es lo q hay, bueno, barato y divertido. Cuando se puedan meter mods sera la poya
i got bombed by a group of walking skulls
it's good
oui
orz
cool
kocham repo szczegolnie gdy razem z jula krzyczymy do dziada
180 10 10
fun game
This game. how do i describe it it's just perfect.
it's aight
-
17
- - Robe.
-
- 2-3
- 10 6 -
change the fucking banner, I nearly didn't play this.
KOCHAM. ZNAJOMYCH. BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP.
smotri obezyana w shapke bygagagga
es un juegazo si te gustan los cooperativos con y estrategia. Cada es un reto, la brutal y jugar en equipo lo hace mejor. Solo hay un problema que no tengo gente para jugar ya que no tengo amigos en steam.
PSD: agregarme para jugar cohones
100% recommended, alone or with friends (much better with friends obviously), one of the funniest game i've played, love the characters and the way they move, love they talk when you talk, hope they add more customizables, mod support and hopefully a kick option for the host.
It's in Early Access but i haven't seen any bug/glitch so far.
Absolutely amazing design. The quality aspect is hella fun with the crazy monsters
10/10. 30
robot funny
10/10 would hide again
Really fun reminds me of the fun I had in Lethal Company though not as scary but I still recommend it.
360
10 10
funniest game i ever played
i find this game fun and enjoyable but it would be so much fun with friends and adding public servers would help people who's friends havent bought the game or has no friends that own a laptop (i would like for girls to add me to play together (im a girl) )
It's a pretty goofy and silly horror game with it's goofy ahh physics! Would recommend ✅
i got violated by a frog chef
Probably one of the most insanely well made and entertaining games out there, of course better with friends but Solo experience is filled with thrill too steal and sell, steal and sell! I mean, borrow and exchange for monetary value
FUN
- Lethal Company
Scary, funny, and fun with friends.
Funny Game 10/10
we need achievements
I really like the game the only downdside of it ifd you play in a single game its kinda broing and you cant join actual lobbies with strangers in it
100 dumb ways how to kill your friend
Very fun game to play with a couple friends. It has a great balance of scariness vs funniness, it's very funny and at the same time quite tense, would recommend. (don't let the banner throw you off, it's a well-engineered game)
=
very good game but the only problem is u need friends or wait for matchmaking update in like 2,3 months who knows
roligt spel! Speciellt om man med i spelet och inte via Discord eller dylik :D
50 31
sd
S ale s jsem se vydal do hry a nejsem
Stealth mechanika je ale ve ani ne. jsou 2-3 levely kde se jen modlit co na
Pokud 2-5 tak si toto
peak
Amazing Game! Have so much fun! You and your friends with have a lot of laughs with this game.
no
Absolutely hilarious, 10x better than Lethal Company, worth every penny.
Would recommend playing with friends though.
This game will be very good once there's matchmaking.
Fun game gets to throw my friends around
Better than lethal company. Just needs matchmaking!
very fun w friends
The game is just perfect, I love it, funny, scary.
Anyways there are some bugs like when you spectate your camera can noclip.
Looking forward to harass my friends to buy it XD.
The character models are hilarious with voice and text chat and even my friends sneezing scares the hell out of me great game!
algun argentino piola que quiera jugar esta maravilla mande solicitud
here's a checked box: ☑
here's a unchecked box: ☐
-{Graphics}-
☐ You forget what reality is
☑ Beautiful
☑ Good
☐ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ look too long at it
☐ Paint.exe
-{Gameplay}-
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Starring at walls is better
☐ Just
-{Audio}-
☐ Eargasm
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ Earrape
-{Audience}-
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☑ Human
☑ Lizards
-{PC Requirements}-
☐ Check if you can run paint
☐ Potato
☑ Decent
☑ Fast
☐ Rich boiiiiii
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
-{Difficulity}-
☐ Just press
☐ Easy
☑ Significant brain usage
v Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
-{Grind}-
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isnt necessary to progress
☑ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ need a second live for grinding
-{Story}-
☑ Story?
☐ Text or Audio floating around
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ replace your life
-{Game Time}-
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ To infinity and beyond
-{Price}-
☐ free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
-{Bugs}-
☑ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
Funny
amazing
i die
best game to play with your friends. played this game for an entire week straight. still hella fun. 100% recommend to anyone to get this game to play with your friend group.
very fun to play with friends
amazing game, fun to play w friends, tho since most of my friends have diffrent game taste hmu if u wanna make a gc and play together :D
fajna ale straszna na swuj sposub brakuje gry onlain czyli gracz z innego kraju nie znajomym morze jak w letchalu jets host i jon to looby tego brakuje
10/10
Game of the Year. I will die on this hill.
i like playing with my pals and having a good ole time! the proximity chat really makes this game funnier and immersive! 10/10. game of the year.
hra se bude i :D
JE TO PRDEL xD
VERY FUN
porque se llama r.e.p.o se debe llamar Sexo2, que bueno es este videojuego ,lo mejor, tiene de todo
Sustos
Risas
Enojos
de todo
ww
Its a fun game that you can play with your friends and i am looking forward for the next updates. highly recommend
Good, very fun
Needs a full lobby i think, and NEEDS public matching
mega gierka do zagrania z ziomeczkami
the best and most hardworking devs ever, very interactive with their fans and asking for feedback aswell
would heavily recommend bringing friends with you
please be patient for updates considering its a small team
W for semiwork
I love this game! Super fun to play w friends.
Better Lethal company better movement and suck much more engaging
game is definitely a must buy, Physics are good and floats as intended and the enemy designs are perfect. However I wish the game had some actual online servers for people to play with random strangers because all this is doing is making me feel like this is old Buckshots multiplayer situation where you can only play with friends and no one else.
This doesn't mean I don't recommend it but just a pet peeve of mine with the game.
6.500,
Gives better head then lethal company
Fun with friends! :D
i flushed my friend while he was in the toilet
10 out of 10 on the hecking CHILLS-O-METER
yeah like everything I wanted from lethal from a gameplay perspective
carrying shit is fun and feels more engaging than just managing how much you can carry and a weight stat
upgrades feel like upgrades and not tools that are gimmicky as fuck because the game needs to be "scawy"
cool monsters that each have their own gimmick and aren't just a thing that runs at you and kills you
the tools and scrap work on different storage systems so you can actually carry around and use the cool items you bought
animation and especially the sound design is on fucking point
text to speech voice which is both funny and important in a game that is about communication
not afraid to be a fun game first and an experience second
game just generally feels like it wants you to have a good time instead of being a soul crushing experience
also there's an actual team of peeps working on the game that communicate with the player base instead of a solo dev who you basically get radio silence from if you're not in the patreon outside of when an update drops with patchnotes that aren't on the steam page you have to go digging through another website to find them
also the end of game death pit is a great way to cap off a session
Anne Murray Approved
Lethal Company
Quality game, easy to get into with plenty of tricks to learn. Hilarious character design / animation, works so well for comedic moments.
Quite possibly one of the funniest, most well made games i've played in a while.
It resembles quite a bit to another co-op horror game in the same style, HOWEVER, this game adds on top of that what mods would do for most. Genuine fear from one moment, hilarious mishaps in the very next, just about everything you can ask for in a game like this.
Also the hourglass is quite possibly the funniest things to experience in game.
funy ropot
magnifique pour s amuser entre amis
i enjoy throwing babies into pits of indefinite depth
4 7
buen juego
compre se vc tiver amigos
transport an object worth 40,000, drop it so many times it goes down to 13,000, watch your friend throw it into lava and say "oops"
10/10
Amazing Swedish horror game!
R.E.P.O is soo fun to play with friends, truely. But when it comes to single-player (opinion) it becomes almost like a rouge-like setting cause when you die it's game over. The game is even cheap and that makes it even better 100% But with all that aside, my personal rating is 9,7/10
10 10
Emoji laugh
dla ludzi o wysokiej essie ligmie sigmie prokurator i bagieta z sosem marmoladowym i do tego burggwr bez i bez pozdrawiam z pod z kumplami
Incroyable du Lethal compagny mais un peu plus quand on joue a 10 c'est un bordel avec fou rire Garanti
Very good game, playing since release
Honestly game is very fun. You have a good group of friends and regardless of who it is, there's always something to do. 2 downside tho. the game gets very repetitive and there's no way to check the farthest you have gone in the game. There probably is but havent found it!
10%
Muy divertido para jugarlo con amigos, en cuatro horas no pudimos pasar del nivel 3, tremendos noobs, 10/10
its fun playing this game with friends
7
Fun game- the little robot characters are so comically animated it's great; simplistic design but executed well. But please devs.The emoji banner pic should really be changed. I like that the taxman only speaks in emojis and I get why the banner is what it is.but from an advertisement point of view the emoji face falls short IMO. I passed over the game at first because of the emoji & only came back from seeing videos.
Anyway I hope this game continues getting polished and updated - definitely a gem in the rough
Super funny with friends
strokin my shit
8
Please keep the cry laugh emoji logo it's epic.
best game that i ever play
\
hehe haha
[h1] VERY FUN BUY NOW [/h1]
I quote:
"Repo was pretty peak, played with x, y and z
and shit was hilarious
and shit was hilarious"
peak
very funny and scary, lots of hiding in cabinets
this game is great and all and super fun and hilarious to play with friends, there has been not glitches or bugs or mistakes as far as i have experienced with friends and it's been a truly nice experience, the only issue though that i have seem to come across often a lot is that during levels if you break enough of things you will run out of items to actually collect which leads to not having enough items to meet the money goal and resulting in not being able to progress you further on in the level if your things unfortunately break too much, leading to the only result being is to force yourself dying to end the match since there is no way to end the match in the game
lovely
iNCREDIBLE. It's like the studio said "We could do this and this and this and this and this." And then did those thises.
the crying laughing face shit is shit but the game is good
It's lethal company except there's no bs like turret spam, spike traps, or jester that just ruin a day
Anybody
this game is so cool, me and my friends can't stop playing it
My head blew off, and then my friends died trying to get my head. And then because we couldn't have any more heads we died. Repeat for 100x fun and laughter while selling stolen goods
PLEASE ADD A SKINWALKER TYPE MONSTER IT WOULD BE SOOOOOO SICK
6
This game is funny/better than LC
fun
the baby has the plate
FUNNIEST DANG GAME IVE EVER PLAYED
P.E.P.O.
yes
its fun af
this game is awesome! i do think they should add more stuff in the shop and more maps in the future. i like how scary and funny it is. i enjoyed playing it yesterday with a group of friends. i think this game is gonna stay a hit for a long time too! yall did a great job at making this game
most fun ive had with my buddy playing games in a while 10/10
Lethal company if it was 10x funnier
385
funny
-
iyi
goated
This game is really fun (ignore the artwork on the steam page as everyone said, makes it look like a scam) but my main issue is honestly some of the gameplay choices they made and I hope they get worked on or fixed. The extraction should not be able to destroy items or kill you! That's just crazy, some of the items are bigger than the extraction pad and you can't hit the button till you meet the item value, then in that scenario where your items get destroyed you usually run out of stuff on the map and lose. Don't punish me after I carefully dragged all this stuff over cause an item is sticking out an inch.
Needs more progression options between levels as well, the shop is pretty barebone's and there's not much point in getting extra money since there isn't anything to use it on besides items and minor upgrades for the next level. I know it just came out but Content Warning has about the same amount of content and is cheaper. I would recommend REPO if you are willing to wait for a few updates.
this game might be fun, but there are no public games. This was a huge turn down for me cause A, i don't have a crazy amount of friends and the friends i have don't really like to spend money on games leaving ME to pay for a game they will play for like 2 hours and I want to play more, but because they don't want to i cant enjoy the game. In short, this game isnt for the lonely :(
REALLY FUN CO-OP GAME
If you don't mind playing the same game over and over again with a different art style then this is the game for you. They're always fun for about a week or two until you finally get bored, but fear not. I can hear the panic in your trembling voice asking, "what should we play today" to your goons in discord. One of your braindead retard boytoys will probably say something like, "MaRvEl RiVaLs" and while you like a good challenge you're complete dogshit at any pvp game(which is why choosing games is so frustrating). While you're rocking back and forth on the floor pondering whether you should face reality and unlock the chastity belt that is the doorknob of your bedroom door and walk outside for once, there's a dev team of beginner programmers crafting a game in the same format with just the slightest difference to peak your curiosity like the moth to my heavy duty flashlight I used to trap it in a jar. The only difference being the moth can't help it. The only silver lining to these games popping up seemingly out of nowhere is the small price tag and the mutual respect of indie developers and my computer's storage.
anyway good game I liked it.
Nice
Only played it for 3 hours (so far) and I already like it a lot more than lethal company, this is the first game of this kind of genre that does it better than lethal company, and there's still so much to be added in the future.
Super fun game to play with friends and will 100% get better with a few more updates needs a balance to prices of upgrades and crystals in the store when you have a full squad because its a little much.
Plus I hope that they add the ability to customize and upgrade the size of your car because its a little small sometimes.
But over all a 10/10 game in all aspects and recommend to all.
Best game of the year for SUREEEEEEEEE
10
Basically Lethal Company but you yell at your friends for not pivoting when trying to move a big object through a door. 10/10
10/10 -
8/10 -
10/10 -
100/10- 20
great game all around devs are some great people
Lethal company but 1000x better.
good job semiwork:)
this is really addictive.
This game already killed Lethal Conpany in the first day
le jeu est tres drole a plusieurs
funny as hell
Game is like playing an episode of Courage the Cowardly Dog
This game is one of the best inspirations from LC. GET IT
lethal company
Fire
it is a lot of fun, i like it alot more than lethal company, being able to have 6 players and actually being able to hide from monsters and kill them is amazing, if i die i feel like its my fault for not being careful, not RNG (usually), i hope they add more maps and more monsters this game is simply splendid
you should play it. its fun
Horror
Phasmophobia Ghost Watcher Content Warning Horror
: :
-
-
-
: :
-
-
-
-
-
A lethal company type game, with more refinement. The rogue-like shop that you can use the money/excess money you get from levels is a huge improvement to similar games.
Goofy and short form enough to keep attention, while also being challenging and worthwhile each go around. encourages healthy teamwork while also making deaths hilarious and not disappointing.
The laughing crying emoji will never be the same.
The gameplay is so fun, and I love the goofy physics
Do It, Stronger, Better,Faster, Stronger. <3
very fun yes yes
It's Alright
i think the clepsidra is very funny
The Emoji logo put me off, but the game play is solid - I might enjoy this one more than Lethal Company. Best with friends.
very funny moments
Make pants are filled
I hate the duck
If you like Lethal Company or any type of game like that, you'll love this game! This game is Lethal Company but 50 times better. It's hilarious but terrifying. The items you collect having different effects was an awesome touch (love potion, spinning box). All the mechanics feel great and the graphics are dark enough. Since the game just came out and its already has this much stuff in it makes me think that the developers are actually going to make this compete with AAA games. Make sure to bring your friends the more the better!
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
funsy wunsy :3
ur fake ash if u don't get this.
3
best looter style payday game! incredible party game too with up to 6 players.
wow
There is plenty to like about this game. The models/maps are mostly gorgeous and the physics are goofy in the best way. Little quirks like the TTS and ducking/ragdolling go a long way towards making it loveable, and the bones are there for a fun time. Sadly the bugs, lack of variety and difficulty utterly eclipse that. Most egregiously the physics system and the loot system do not mesh at all. Every single time we found a diamond in our games it shattered before we could lift it off the surface it was on, because the physics are incredibly sensitive. We had rounds where we could avoid (or kill) the enemies just fine but too much loot was destroyed to pass. When you die, your team can bring you back to the Truck so when they beat the level you will respawn with 1/5th of a health bar. To recover from this you will likely have to spend every dollar you made. If they don't bring your body back and they win you spawn with 1/100th of your health. There are enemies that will one shot you at full health, so why would it be worth spending extra time collecting bodies? It's a silly, charming game this is needlessly painful in every sense. I think the devs have a chance to fix this game and make it something special but it's not in a place where I can recommend buying it. Watch your favorite streamer play it instead.
baya eylenceli oyun biraz lethal company gibi ama sepete doldurup bide skils var seviye daha vs. ben baya sevdim tek oyun 6 ona zorluk tek olunca da 6 oynuyosun bitiyo direkt en 2 oynamak yeniden canlanma oluyo uzun bence uygun
Best multiplayer horror game to hit my steam library since Lethal Company, despite the questionable game banner
Good game. Bad emoji banner. Please change
un jeu tres bien drole et un peu flippant je le recommande avec vos pote
repo
Yes
Szerintem egy nagyon kivitelezett olyan vicces mint rokona a Lethal Company, ugyan az. vagy a egy adott kell a azzal a hogy a ami plusz stresszet ad a szinteken pontra kell majd elvinni a A szerintem megvannak tervezve +pont hogy ha egy orbot adnak, amit el lehet adni.
szerint ez a egy fokkal jobb mint az LC, de ez ne el senkit hogy azt is, mert az is olyan vicces mint ez a
A nagyon rajta, nagyon a hogy meg
ezt a csak tudom az sem rossz!
(Ja a az
yes, very fun
GUD
This game is fun
Ignore the cringey emoji. This is another extraction horror game that's arguably superior to Lethal Company and Content Warning. You play as robots with physics guns that need to carefully repossess valuables, all while avoiding goofy and/or horrifying creatures. The "waves" format when completing extraction is the cherry on top.
Funny asf game
R.E.P.O.
R.E.P.O. Steam
R.E.P.O.
Just like with any game in this genre, you need friends to get the most out of this game
Super fun with the group
absurdamente bom
Breaking and entering, but your job. Ever yeeted a washing machine down the stairs for Now you can. Expect flying furniture, questionable physics, and homeowners built like final bosses. 10/10, outran a guy twice my size for a frog.
absolute cinema
love this game and everything about it, HOWEVER PLEASE CHANGE THE BANNER IT MADE ME VERY SKEPTICAL
Wonderful. Hilarious with friends. Try it, but only with friends.
Super fun game! If you like Lethal Company you'll like this, although it's very different, nice mechanics, scary, hilarious, physics based, lots of monsters, places to explore, different type of loot that you and your friends have to try not to break :)
This Love potion really. Makes me feel happy. (i dont remember what the heck it makes you say when grabbed hahaaa)
*game fun yes, need friends. great fun and laughs*
jelq
better than lethal company
This duck is a fucking asshole.
Why does everything break when I bump it into a wall? I hate this.
10/10. Makes me feel rage in a good way. That's hard to achieve, so the game devs are doing something right.
It feels almost impossible to write a review of this game without referencing Lethal Company because they're just so similar. This game takes a lot of the concepts explored in the former and refines them significantly to create a much richer experience.
The additional dimension of item fragility is great. The added movement mechanics are great. The enemy variety is great. The store adds some interesting new items [spoiler]that you can use to friendly fire[/spoiler]. Even the text chat is better with the addition of text-to-speech and how it's displayed on the screen. The only real gripes I have here are around how upgrades are distributed - you buy it and only 1 person has it, which feels a bit limiting - and that there's no cap to how long rounds can last.
What is here is very much worth your time and the price, even if there's no other content added. and if you have friends that don't suck. If you've played Lethal Company, the additional mechanics this game has spices up the concept, even if you've bored of the format.
It is like Content Warning, but funnier.
It is like Lethal Company, but it is less scarier.
Many cool mechanics and features!
If you liked Lethal Company for its game mechanics and disliked Content Warning for its boreness - you should definitely try it!
Described by industry veterans as "Lethal company with extra sauce"
10/10
FUN
Amazing time, great memories made with friends. I beg the devs to keep updating this game as it can be a staple game among friends
10 /10
All my team died was alone for 1 hour at 1 health got through got them all back and left. 10/10 would throw my friends into lava again.
GOOD
VERY GOOD GAME
new lethal company with physics, more monsters, and more things to do but prime lethal wouldn't beat this.
very very fun
Stamina mechanic sucks, much like lethal company, but otherwise fun. 7/10
10 10
Better funnier Lethal Company
Mucho mejor que lethal company, el juego es justo y trabajado.
I just want this to be known, I was the FIRST to find the hidden black market with a dead body in the little shop.
MUY DIVERTIDO SI ES CON AMIGOS
Just got done playing 6 ours of this with friends. Yes you do need friends to play it, HOWEVER if you can manage to gather up a few buds this is easily one of the most fun multiplayer experiences you can have. We were legit cackling through all 6 hours to the point that a couple of us lost our voice. This game is a treasure and I hope more get to experience it and the dev team keeps the updates coming.
Better than Lethal Company
Friend got me this game and ITS SO GOOFY, scary at times but the deaths of my friends had me crying from laughter. 10/10 recommend
Game did not allow me to play with friends, I would load into a game but after the first mission I would get stuck in the loading screen for the next mission.
You gotta start updating your game, Zeekerss
COMPRE IMEDIATAMENTE
3 100%
The taxman
Randomly kicks me out to the menu for no reason and kicks everyone else its not my internet either it happens to each person who hosts
es como chambear pero asi bien paranormal embrujado spooky scary ya tu sabes asi bien chamuco chase scenario tu me entiendes
Holy shit endless laughter. They did a good job with this!
Mis amigos me mataron a la berga ya no lo quiero jugar, recomendado
Its so fun for multiplayer
we need sex
Fantastic. Got my face blown in in front of my friends 10/10 would play again
If you love Lethal Company, or loot extraction horror games in general, you need to play this. It's the best game of the genre in my opinion. The devs have also been amazing so far.
?
FUN AS HELL!
Si esta bien chistoso 10/10
More time placed in, its alright, doesnt really expand upon the formula Lethal Company and Content Warning established, but it does step up to hold its own and add a new flavor.
Absolutely a blast!
muy buen juego, entretenido PERO PORFAVOR AGREGUEN EL RANDOM ONLINE MODE PLSSSS busco amigos para jugar
This game made me realize that the only thing scarier than its monsters is my shit life. At least in R.E.P.O., I can run away from the horrors
8/10
Fuckin amazing. Blew myself up on multiple occasions.
Amazing for annoying your friends with shattering diamonds <3
Accidentally shoved my friend into the item crusher, then another friend wacked him with the money bag on revive sending him back to the graveyard. 10/10
Fun
fun as hell
So fun, even solo. matchmaking on the way, insane attention to detail and very well polished for a first release, which is a rarity nowadays. For only $10 for early access and a proactive dev team, this is one of the best value games you can get.
fun
this game is fantastic, but a little rough around the edges. my friends and i had a blast just in the main lobby menu waiting for everyone to get in. and then once we started, oh the chaos that ensued. i rate it 8/8 gr8 b8 m8. meme points aside, definitely looking forward to the next time we can get together for it.
This game is HILARIOUS!
- got kidnapped by a ghost then merc'd by a baby throwing a tv at me.
- watched my friend get crushed by the machine that collects your loot, a scream, then silence.
- besties getting their Manly Voices when attacked by the vomit monster, most hilarious thing ever.
- got swirlied by my friends trapping me in the toilet when hiding from monsters.
10/10 game. excited to see where the devs take it.
could definitely use a better icon for the game though, it'll turn people away thinking it's just some random shovelware type of crap you'd see on nintendo's eshop, which is quick to turn people away. otherwise, really solid and fun game! especially if you do have friends to play with. LOVE the text to speech thing, too. <3
legit the best game ive played all 2025
It Fun
Honestly has the potential to be way better than Lethal Company, the art design and sound design are peak, and it does its own concept similar to Lethal Company but in it's own unique way, the shop could be improved, will prob update this review for a more detailed one in the future. But definitely worth the $10
It's hilarious. The physics based gameplay adds so much comedic value it's actually insane.
i enjoy thats its not a oh something saw me and now im dead, the monsters are good spooky and i look forward to seeing more
So funny listening to your friends scream in horror when a giant creepy head enters their room
Really, really good. Ignore the reviews regarding the emoji icon. I like it, it represents the "trolly" nature of the game.
I'm curious about the "Tax Man" and possible lore of the game. Although I can make inferences regarding the surface level content.
If you can get a group of friends together to play a game-this is the one you should get them to play. I haven't had this much fun playing a party game in years. All the quirks add to it's charm. I hope more content comes soon.
went into this not expecting much but another lethal company clone, ended up being pleasantly surprised by it! really excited to see where the game ends up!
Joder es arte
buy a shotgun
"Hey guys, I guess that's it"
aim it in my head
exploded
10/10
Das Spiel macht unfassbar mit Freunden! Eine Sache jedoch zu und zwar ist es die wahnsinnig langsame Ausdauer Regeneration. Sobald man nur ein bisschen rennt, ist die Ausdauer komplett aufgebraucht.
Man entweder die Ausdauer Regeneration deutlich beschleunigen oder den Ausdauer Verbrauch deutlich verringern.
Ansonsten kann ich das Spiel deutlich empfehlen!
fum
Don't ask your friends to let you get strength upgrades they wont let you get them for no reason, sad.
i hate the stupid duck so much
the scariest part is your friends walk around the corner
funny game
dms
Like every other review - ignore the icon. It's very misleading, despite the game having the emojis be a part of how the Taxman communicates with you. This game is solid.
I've played for a couple hours with my friends, and we've noticed some pros and cons with the game. Mostly pros, but I feel like a lot of the actual cons are a symptom of it being relatively new.
PROS:
Funny. A lot of shenanigans to be had with the ragdoll effects and items.
Good visuals.
Gameplay feels solid.
The Losers Arena makes losing the game feel less crappy, lol. I enjoy slapping my friends with a bat off the arena.
Overall a great game to play with friends.
Not many cons, which is great for an EA game!
CONS:
Energy regen feels too slow. I know the objective in this game is to hide, but I feel that maybe allowing our energy to regen a bit quicker could give us the option to run in case of an enemy? Or allowing the energy upgrade to make your energy regen quicker.
(This is a nitpick) Energy/Health/etc upgrades being per person instead of the whole team. I think it'd be nice if there were both, or only team centered ones.
That's mostly it. Don't let the cons discourage you from giving it a try, it's worth it, especially with friends! I would highly recommend it if you like slapstick humor and Lethal Company.
But either way I think they're doing an awesome job with this game, and I'm excited to see more from it.
(EDIT: changed some stuff for clarification.)
so much fun with friends, highly recommend playuing this game
This game is really not good. They should have made it so I make money for every time I sell the stuff I get in game. Developers are honestly so lazy and I'm surprised that we still put up with these money hungry monsters. I should be paid to play a game and especially a game this bad, if things don't change I might sue.
muppet robots funny
Enemy variation is nice, and the player movement is nice. The game pushes explorations and curiosity, definitely a fun game to play with the lads.
This is better than Lethal Company. Let me get FIVE big BOOOOOOMS! Boom boom boom boom boom!
ITS AMAZING DEF WORTH 10 DOLLARS
Chewing so loud that my friend is getting a divorce. Thumbs Up!
watched a blind man trip down some stairs and fall into lava
bashed a crying cretin with a frying pan because it threw my stuff
got bitten by a giant floating head with sunken eyes until i died
became king of the losers by annihilating the competition
and it was all worth it
simply wild
They somehow made this game even funnier and more engaging than Lethal Company. Great game.
yes
Could use some better balancing but besides that it's a fun little game.
fun funfun
This game refuses to work for me or any of my friends
great game (highly recommended)
top
puro sexo
man honestamente es un buen juego pero genial que en una el poder unirse a partidas con gente random porque muchos de mis amigos no tienen el juego y otros no se encuentran disponibles para jugarlo a la misma hora que la una lastima que esto pase con una joya como esta.
At first i thought this was another Lethal Company wannabe, but were it lacks originality (kinda) it makes up for in the fact that its actually a terrifying experience. I was hiding under a table, all my teammates were dead, and suddenly this weird guy who's just a head and arms looked dead in my eyes and started running towards me before swerving to the left and exiting the room, and i swear my heart-rate tripled in under 0.25 seconds. Not only is it scary, it's just as goofy, which is a really nice break from the scary stuff. There's laughs, theres screams, and theres freindships being formed and broken. But most of all, the screaming. Theres a lot of screaming. 10/10
the most insanely fun time ive had in a while. not to mention being able to run on a pretty poor pc with little to no issues. it is so amazing with friends, i have nearly passed out laughing more times than i can count. i was waterboarded in a toilet. 10/10 game, would buy again.
The game is super fun and feels fresh compared to other "Lethal Company" likes. The Text to Speech is hilarious and dealing with the monsters feels fair and fun. Overall very very fun time.
Had one glitch where peoples voices were not being heard but fixed after leaving and coming back.
I don't generally review games, but this game was so fun with a few friends. 10/10 recommend!
they used to call me the JBL speaker back in 04'
buen juego y divertido para jugar con amigos.
Funny as hell love this game
what an amazing game dude
Bring back matchmaking asap with host voting, what are you doing, do not ruin the game.
Fuck the piano
pretty good
Steam
:)
100 10
Absolute cinema
It is very fun. One of the best times to be had with some buddies. PERSONALLY After like 3 rounds it got a lot less scary. I enjoy the way loot is gathered in this game, if you smash it against a wall it looses value and you have a cart to trolly your items around.
really fun even with just one other person havent laughed like this is in a while but before downloading i would recommend downloading a clipping software your welcome in advance 10/10
really great game, i love how its multiple quotas in one day instead of one. also love the funny items voice changing and some times the weird things you can do or that happen do to rag dealing and more. but since this is new there is a main problem that i have with this game and only ONE its the stamina depleting to quickly. at times when running i feel my stamina runs out to fast even with up grades to the speed and how much you got.
fun.
Trop Hilarant Rire dans ce jeu jouer avec des amis
Almost pissed my pants laughing, awesome with friends
awesomeeeeee
GOTY
Very Nice!
Ayyy lmao
The most fun that I have had in a long time playing with friends. such a simple game, looks amazing, and is soooo much fun with a group of people to play with. sneak around and REPO things, from the size of a diamond to HVAC equipment, probably even larger the further you progress. a must have for COOP laughs and video clips
lohok
blyat
privet
being by yourself got me fearing for my life this shit is mortifying
i got molested by an alien
gud
JU E GA ZO para jugar con amigos, me falta que tenga logros nomas pero supongo que los pondran con una version mas completa
10 10!
I watched from the trenches as my fellow crewmates were split in half
Is there a way to get up the tree? up there?
diversion total, este juego es pura risas y no mamadas
This game is very fun especially with dreddtheboi and bblackandwhite23
BEST GAME WITH FRIENDs
a twist and turn at every moment, absolute blast
This is heat, absolute peak
Arguably better than Lethal Company
Nunca me tanto jugando un juego en una sola noche.
get thrown in a stupid fireplace by tokyoAki every single round. 10/10
gameing
do you think he sees me? do you think he knows?
frienda in this game are like rusty bolts for cereal wothjout ,milk.
Fun game to play with friends. cant wait for matchmaking.
You will both love and hate this game, but trust me it's great. It's so funny and at times can have you in tears. On the other side of that it will have you in tears because how incredibly ridiculous the situation is as you scream, shout, and let it all out. The best example I can give are the little duck guys. They will go from ruthlessly ripping you or a teammate to shreds then stare you down with their big beaty eyes and give you just the sassiest "Quack" like Gunther from Adventure Time.
EYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
Recommend
muito bom jogar esses jogos com amigos. Ficamos horas nos divertindo e rindo. Quanto mais pessoas, melhor!
Actually pretty fun, the rugrats can go fucking die though.
Bom
Pretty fun with friends
Saw Gnomes on my first Play-through. Got Scared. Died. Now I Need New Pants
Highly recommend this game, me and my friends really have fun playing this game
Got my shit knocked in by a baby with a radio. 10/10
very fun. very whimsical. screamed a bunch. 10/10
This is an absolutely beautiful example of a small indie game studio being pushed into the spotlight and excelling in every possible way. This game's blend of charm, infinite replay value, horror and comedy really bring it home for me in a way that no multiplayer horror game has since the very beginning of Lethal Company. If you are looking for an amazing and charming multiplayer horror game to play with friends R.E.P.O is definitely the game for you!
This is super fun game to play with friends. It's the perfect combination of scary and funny.
game chat funny when you type:
"yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy" or "eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee"
because the mouth goes WIDE
10/10 would "yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy" again
-{Graphics}-
☐You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☐ Good
☑ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ look too long at it
☐ Free Fire
-{Gameplay}-
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
-{Audio}-
☐ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
-{Audience}-
☑ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
-{PC Requirements}-
☐ Check if you can run paint
☑ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
-{Difficulty}-
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☐ Significant brain usage
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
-{Grind}-
☑ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ need a second live for grinding
-{Story}-
☑ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ replace your life
-{Game Time}-
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☑ To infinity and beyond
-{Price}-
☐ free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
-{Bugs}-
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ Cyberpunk 2077
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
-{?/10}-
☐1
☐2
☐3
☐4
☐5
☐6
☐7
☐8
☑9
☐10
A very inventive and inclusive game. Played numerous occasions as a single player and with family. Each session has been full of laughter, jump scares, and increased difficulty. A little unbalanced with single player as the amount required to retrieve is exorbitantly high in my opinion around level 4. All in all though it keeps my attention reeling. A great challenge to combat the foes equally. R.E.P.O. sheds a new light on team play and hokey style of interactions making this a nice change to genres over the past few years. A keeper on the new games list. Hope the developers expand the crazy atmosphere, foes, and maps over time. Great Job!
Perfect execution
The main advantage of R.E.P.O over lethal company is actually how it tries to innovate on its idea via physics which makes me wish we had a GMOD gamemode or Half-Life mod that would try to do Lethal Company's gameplay loop.
To properly play the game you do need multiple players in order to loot effectively with the presence of mobs.
good so far, would be nice if there was a lobby browser or server list.
so funny bro
Unfortunately this game doesn't have a matchmaking system yet at the time of writing this ( 3/8/2025 ), hopefully that changes soon. This is a pretty big deal breaker for me since I don't have anyone to play with and I'm not interested in playing solo. Though the game itself does seem fun from what I've seen so far. It's a shame I won't be able to play it in it's current state. The devs are considering adding matchmaking to the game so i'll come back to this and give an actual review if they end up adding it.
Note to the dev if you add matchmaking make sure to also add the ability to kick, blacklist people, and maybe the ability to restart the stage. At least this way if people are using hacks the host can kick and restart the level to undo any damage the hackers did if they catch it early. also the ability to reopen the lobby while still in-game so they can get another player. the main problem with lethal company (aside from toxic lobbies) was the constant modders using speed hacks or other BS. people would end up leaving if there was a single modder in the game and since lethal doesn't let you reopen the lobby in the middle of the game. people just end up closing the lobby and reopening it which causes people to sometimes lose the lobby they were in.
Fun and entertaining game with friends.
the Taxman cometh
YES
diverdiver
This is SO freakin' fun.
super fun. nice to have a game that can jump scare me again. Definitely recommend this game.
Id love to play this game but MIC does not work at all in game and ive tried everything unfortunately going to have to give it a bad review for now till they fix this issue
do nothing sim.com
Honestly very good game, I didn't think it would be good until I played it with my friends, awesome!
Recommend, lots.
fizik "korku" komedi oyunu.Otistik ile daha bir adroidsiniz
Its like Lethal Company and Content warning its really fun
hilarious
Most fun I've had in years. Great game for friends to play.
e
It's a pretty fun game, especially with friends. Having some problems with the saves, though, which is very tedious due to the fact that me and my friends have to keep restarting levels.
cause
Actually good Lethal-like
this rocks
UNNIE
yes.100010100001000000010011010001110000000101010000101
/
/
/
data compiling.
/
/
/
:
Super fun and goofy
Lethal Company if it was actually fun
much more than just a lethal clone very good stuff
its cool
Me encanta, divertido, he sacado clips para 1
Games dope.
a vary fun and cool game its fun playing with friends but wished it had an online option to play with others
fun :)
TROLL
this game is challenging but great with friends. can't wait to see what they add but for early access it has some great polish. if you like lethal company style game play you'll enjoy this. Early mod support is promising.
I just wish crowd control had redeems to kill or spawn enemies.
Fun little coop game
this game so tuff it pmo fun af
Died from a grenade because I didn't know how to throw it.
10/10
- Runs under Proton on Linux.
Game is great, especially with friends. Ignore the goofy emoji banner for the game, it doesn't reflect the gameplay.
Rererererererere
Great game to play with friends. Adding more objectives like picking those locks on cabinets would be a cool addition.
Also the ability to track the map on the truck display and more easter eggs or things to do like the cieling panel in shop.
10/10 purchase.
It's good.
TA BIEN
installed it, played it for 7,5 hours straight with the gang. it's good.
W
It's enjoyable to play with friends.
P.Z.
yah
Very Funny
FUN GAME!
very fun with friends and has good replayabilityfor a lethal company like game
Genuinely one of the funniest horror co-op games I've played in quite some time, there's a much heavier focus on team play here while still making deaths and fumbles insanely funny.
Another great factor behind this one is having an upgrade shop with permanent effects amongst all the other temporary items and weapons, it really adds onto that further teamwork incentive the game pushes for. Along with this most areas/missions have multiple loading bays, which allow teammates to get revived up to 3 times per level in some instances.
What's here already is insanely solid and I can wait to see how its further expanded upon.
;)
R.E.P.O. is one of the most fun games I have ever played with friends. I normally don't like games like it (looking at you lethal company) but something about the retro like 800x600 stretched res cam aesthetic in combination with downright horrifying and simultaneously hilarious monster designs with great AI implementation based around proximity voice input makes for a stupidly entertaining experience. Cannot recommend enough for a tenner!
Lethal Company Scooby-doo
HELL YEAH
ABSOLUTE CINEMA
BASTA DE ENANOS PORFAVOR
called a duck an orphan and it chased me down a hole, said would to monster and fell down a hole. text chat has been wonderful and I almost fell down another hole.WHERE'D THE FROG COME FROM
10/10, will jump into another hole
fun 10/10
The simple joys of breaking a four thousand dollar object and blaming it on the nearest friend
God this game is funny and overall a good time with friends.
Way better than lethal company, considering not everything oneshots, makes it a lot less frustrating.
If they keep improving on the core game like this, then I can definitely see myself playing this for years.
Fuck gnomes
Fuck clowns
Beautiful game
Better than Lethal Company
Absolute banger. Game blew up for good reason. You can goof around or lock in. Expert ratio of silly and serious. Details are there. Dev team seems real fun and logical. Rock on.
juego anananasheeee
New nightmares will be unlocked.
Great job with the early access. Would be nice to have it where people can join you in the tuck while not in map. Otherwise great game.
Interesting game:
WARNING WARNING WARNING.if you have OCD tendencies and need things to go smoothly you MUST get high AF b4 you play this game.you have been warned
This is not a game to take to seriously, Drinking is a bonus.
If you sweat the the small stuff it'll drive you nutz. If you just want some lulz worth a buy
Once formal lobbies get added (assuming they do) this will be a must buy The lack of a central or regional lobby is atm it's biggest headwind. They are aware of this and have stated they are looking at alternatives that don't make too big a risk from hackers. So I expect at some point this concern will go away (likely to be replaced by another.but if you can't take a joke you shouldn't have joined :D )
One of it's features that is both a huge draw and a huge detriment is the simplicity of the basic game loop. It is incredibly fun and easy to pick up. However, by the time a team has gotten into the double digits in progression.most of the rough edges have been sanded down, peeps know what they are doing and even with the worst luck can complete the maps. The biggest barriers, at that [point, are no longer monsters,map size/complexity, pits, jump scares, team mate ooopses,.but shear fatigue and repetitiveness. It's like a great guitar riff that is awesome for 1-2 minutes.but becomes noise after 10. At that point the ONLY thing keeping you playing is the interactions with your team.that is a fairly weak hook long term. Since you can have the same conversations in a discord channel. Adding elements from horde,looter,or extraction shooters to change the pacing a bit wouldn't go amis. Add a drum or vocal solo in there.
This is one of those tittle you can tell the creators made something THEY want to play.which is why everyone else is having a blast playing it. Fun is too subjective to design by recipe book or excell spread sheet. But odds are if the creators didn't have fun making it, players won't have fun playing it. So far R.E.P.O. doesn't have that problem.
The basic premis of the game and it's core loop follows the KISS principal(keep it simple stupid) It's not hard to pick up or get comfortable with for the player.
In essence a group of derpy robots are charged with stealing all the good shit from some poor shlep who didn't see these morons coming. You got a truck and 1 (or multiple in later maps) extraction zones to sell your loot at. Grab a bunch of crap, while limiting breakage of said crap, and deliver it to extract zone. Once a given threshold is reached.profit and on to the next. As a map is cleared you get to go to progressively more complex maps with more extraction zones, loot and monsters. In between maps you make a pit stop to a gas station to buy upgrades for next mission(how much your team can spend is directly tied to how much loot your team grabbed over and above the minimum to progress).but in practice usually devolves into people testing grenades, mines, guns, bats, frying pans on each other in a live fire testing exercise.
If your team acctually fails to clear a map (you all died) you get the above with out being able to buy anything and have to restart the progression ladder
WARNING WARNING WARNING.if you have OCD tendencies and need things to go smoothly you MUST get high AF b4 you play this game.you have been warned
top tier Spooky/Silly team game! But OMG if the in game audio just most headache inducing sound. Please for the love of god upgrade the audio quality on the in game VOIP.
ive had it for 2 days and i have 28 hours already. this game is so fun especially with the right people.
$10 well spent
First time playing, couldnt get past the lobby because was laughing too hard at the little robot heads and text to speech. 10/10
im the cart guy
MUY DIVERTIDO 6/10
very fun game. highly recommend.
-
YES
got shot point blank nine times
This game is really fun, but no option for inverted mouse makes it hard for me to
Edit: I've waited over a week, and there's no sign of inverted controls coming. I refunded, maybe I'll try again when they decide to add it.
fun game, has a lot of room to grow too excited too see how it expands
mejor de lo que esperaba, lo recomiendo para jugar con amigos jaja
Extremely hilarious game but way too frustrating. Stamina is basically non-existent and walk speed is a snail's pace. Most runs also end because a monster will plow through our loot and the value will drop an absurd amount.
Amazing horror loot extraction game. Tons of fun with friends! I think I'll be playing this for a long time.
I expected similar fun as Lethal Company but this has extra details that make it even more entertaining and ridiculous:
-You can accidentally damage the things you're trying to collect while you transport it.
-Bigger objects require more players to carry them at all and safely carry them.
-Start crying laughing from having a free for all death match in the shop between rounds since you can use the items in the shop.
-When you don't meet quota or wipe, you have a fight your friends to the death for king of the losers (you get a crown on your character for it)
11/10. Can't wait for even more content in this game.
esta bueno, pero se mas si los wns miserables que se hacen llamar amigos se lo compraran, si lees esto agarra la pala una vez un tu vida.
only played this game for about an hour and so far a good game, it has maybe a bit over the right amount of jank, but pretty fun. My one problem is that when playing with only a few people the game can feel really unfair, but I know if this is the goal. Other than that, pretty good game.
you can say nigger in text chat and your robot will say it great game
This game is awesome, personally it has what i wished lethal company had and more. Love it!
A not-so-hidden gem amongst the mountains upon mountains of slop. Actually such a fun game to play when you're bored AND lazy.
Yes
the robots from that one netlix show storybots on crack pretty much
funny af
Lethal company but better!
for the first 2-3 hours that u play the game is fun but when u reach the higher lvls the game becomes fucking impossible u cant even progress in the game like there is no point in grinding money in the game bc its impossible to reach higher lvls to get more money and buy items
MEOW :3
big head guy gave me head
Very good but for the love of god change the banner
Super fun! This Lethal Company "clone" gets a lot of things right that Lethal Company didn't get quite right. Way more fun.
A duck killed me. GOTY
Very good game, I recommend
Really great game to play with 2 people or more
this game is really good lowk
ausome
Personally find this a lot more enjoyable than Lethal Company. Same concept essentially with physics and increased goofiness. My only complaints are the steam banner and a lack of controller support.
Ta bueno
Add an FOV slider please.
GRACIAS POR ESTE HERMOSO JUEGO
Laugh crying so much, very fun game.
good
JOGO MUITO BOM! ENTRETENIMENTO PURO!
CLIQUEM NO PATO
you can pickup gnomes btw
juegardo 10/10 recomendadisimo
etoa god
demasiada adrenalina con amigos
Muito divertido, jogo feito com amor e com de uma coxinha e um dolly. Top
despite getting this game as a gift, this game has way too much content to be $10.
infinite potential
great fun!
Lethal company but walking simulator and waiting game
tis a fun game with buddies if you dont mind waiting 30+ mins to get back to playing.
Dobra hra
Emulador para que el Soci pueda hablar, no hay qlos pero 10/10
Very fun to play with friends, better feel than lethal company.
BUEN JUEGO PARECIDO UN POCO A LOS BACKROOMS PERO CON TEMATICA DISTINTA UFF BUENAZOOO
buen juego la verdad esta mejor que content warning o letal aun que esos tengan lo suyo este juego convina lo mejor de todos lo juegos, a parte de que se puede de 8 jugadores, lo malo es que debes conocer la gente la ventaja es que la comunidad esta viva
Hands down the best co-op horror game out right now.
:)
very
Lethal Company but on steroids.
I never knew burning babies could be so fun
Fun with friends.
No fun with no friends.
Total me score - 6.5/10
10/10
divertido
YO THIS GAME IS AMAZING
12 / 10
good game
el alien me excita
GOOD!
should add a stamina regen upgrade
10/10 But out of no where my head stop wroking, i couldn't move it to any direction, it was not my mouse because it was working through the interface
i love this game so much and the players remind me of story bots BUT there are some things i think 1: I think the AI needs some work because, some times they see you even if your hiding and they camp the place you need 2: some of the monsters need a nerf like THAT DAM FROG GGRGRGRRRRRR 3: make it where some monsters cant spawn when others spawn 4: more things in the shop like armor or helmets etc 5: add more voices for the text to speech voice like change the pitch 6: add blinking but this game is so peak i love it sm
literally amazing
awesome game
Se nota que es un juego hecho con mucho tiene detalles unicos y es extremadamente gracioso.
A Thrilling and Intense Co-op Experience!
REPO is an absolute gem for those who love tense, strategic co-op gameplay. The mix of horror, teamwork, and loot-based objectives makes every run feel unique and unpredictable.
✅ Challenging but rewarding You need to plan, communicate, and adapt to survive.
✅ Great co-op experience Playing with friends makes it even more immersive and fun.
✅ Tense atmosphere The eerie environment and unpredictable dangers keep you on edge.
The extraction mechanics add an exciting twist, and reviving teammates requires real effort, making teamwork essential. If you enjoy games like Lethal Company or Phasmophobia, REPO is definitely worth checking out!
Would I recommend it? Absolutely! Just make sure you bring a team you can trust. or you might not make it out.
Want to see the chaos in action? Check out my gameplay video here:
banger
GREAT GAME, fun with friends, solo is more boring but actually much more enjoyable than other games in this genre. highly recommended if you like any lethal company like games.
You might find it "Meh" in the very beginning, but trust me. It gets better and way more fun the more you play. I recommend having at least 1 more person to play with as it increases the fun factor.
All in all a good game and i cannot wait for future updates <3
ALTA QUALIDADE
best game to play with friends
i cant stop playing XD I love the TTS in it! Please play with your groofy friends
El humano se esmera cada dia mas
ta bien gracioso
pretty good
emoji movie child actor transformation
biggest complaint is the store icon for this game looks like this. The horrorfied deepfried crying emoji isn't it.
Otherwise this game is a surprisingly well done "lethal like," if you're like me and wholeheartedly hate clones of popular games youll be happy to see this game is a refreshing take on the formula. Obviously a "you need friends to make it fun" game but even then the moments where you're running around with just one other person can be so fucking funny it's insane.
At $10 your friend group is robbing themselves of many good nights not getting this.
if the muppets were in lethal company but its fucked up in a good way
9/10 Este juego es uno de los mejores juegos de terror con amigos que he jugado, le doy un 9/10 y no un 10/10 pq me que un personaje furro el cual puedas besar para curar tu vida, y que al curarte este mueva la colita uwu
good game would like more maps and enemies
Good game. Uppies 10/10
i keep breaking things
This game makes me horny asf of how good this game is
ES LA POLLA JAKFDJAKDA
goofy and fun. runs well and doesnt feel janky. 10/10
this game is a some and i did see the vids they have been making and what they can have for moders is they make lobbies were mods do work and lobbies that have no mods but 5 stars
i'm fckn tired of this shit. This fckn clown walks around like he jus came from my momma's place and he's swinging that bde and swaggers on over to my puny ass pushing a walmart shopping cart while I'm collecting my millionth goddamn green plate and you know what this dude does? Exactly what he jus did to my momma. He fucks me.
BUY THE GAME FOR YOU AND ALL YOUR FRIENDS. PERIOD
bem legal
The game is amazing, but my one complaint is that the truck is not a safe zone. The creators should make the truck a safe zone where only the players can be so it's a little more calming when getting chased by monsters. The game is great tho.
yes
Very Silly game. I highly recommed this game with your friends if your looking for a good laugh!
This is by Far the Funniest game ive played with friends in a long time. up to 6 players. i love lethal company and for us this one beats it outright. highly recommend it. if youre on the fence, just get it. you wont regret it.
buen juego
Muito bom
w
Juego aburrido, no da miedo
Apenas a poupa do puro suco do entretenimento.
Well made horror game, reminds me of lethal company and content warning, loads of fun scares and laughs. -w-
Very fun game. Cannot wait to see what mods people make for it.
Very fun
dope game, hella fun!
While well reviewed, this game is inferior to the existing options, e.g. Lethal Company, Content Warning.
The crying laughing emoji branding is god-awful and the developer should be ashamed that they thought that it was okay.
i can say the N word without having to say the N word
Very fun with Friends, Best game every tss
so fun and funny
God
scaaaaawyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
kaczka
KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK OLHA VEI CEGO DA ESPINGARDA FUDEU!
Hug the pillow-man
Amazing games to play with friends, I've had a blast every time I've played this game with my friends in lobbies up to four or just full lobbies.
You cant fit large items onto the extraction point if theres too many other large items already on it. As soon as the point detects that the goal is met, it automatically starts extraction, and if anything is not perfectly in the zone, it destroys it and doesn't give you the score.
There is also a finite amount of loot in each level. So if you are given say a piano and and two grandfather clocks and they don't all fit perfectly, it will destroy what ever doesn't fit without letting you try to fit it first.
Literally my only gripe but its bad enough game design to have killed the session and pissed off my group into quitting.
clown with a laser beam took out my friends
This game is such a blast to play with friends and get scared out of your mind being chased by a massive head and duck that wont piss off like a real one and mini terrorists chasing you. Love this game so much, And just mess around when you get into the shop. Throw stun grenades and toss an electric trap on your friend while they get shocked to death. I can't wait for this game to get more updates in the future. I really recommend this game to everyone.
peakpo
fsdfsdf
funniest multiplayer game i have played
Just a game about being a repo person. You drive around a cart and fill it with items of varying prices and then bring them to the pad until you reach your quota. Be prepared to run from many different monsters. This is a fun games to mess around in with your squad. For $10 this game is totally worth your time.
tenho palavras pra descrever o bom esse jogo, simplesmente estou sem palavras. Pra voce que quer jogar alguma coisa com os amigos, jogue isso, vale muito a pena. momentos muito pessoas usando o chat de texto pra falar merda e muito susto e suspense.
i really love the game but I am experiencing proximity chat issues. Mics for my group will cut in and out even tho we all have great connections. No issues in any other game but this one. Overall a fantastic game but would really like a fix if possible. It is a pretty consistent issue.
Jogo muito divertido, mecanica
Banner bad, game good
good
Tons of funs with friends.
FUNNY SCREAM
Jogasso
very nice & fun game in this year.
one of the better "grab loot, avoid monsters, and extract" games :)
we killed the shotgun fella by making him slip through the stairs 5 times
Ta chido
Really fun game, my friends and I played for 5 hours straight the first time we played. I haven't laughed like that in a long time and the next thing I knew the sun was up! Really enjoyed!
A wonderful symphony of chaos, teamwork, and insults. Great game, Semiwork.
VERY FUNNY
Ouso dizer que esse jogo melhor que o Lethal Company. aos devs
good gam
Personally, the game is alright and the scares are fine, but myself and my friends keep having audio issues. Literally in the middle of the game the audio cuts for one of us and no one can be heard by others. I would say it is potentially a PC problem by an individual, but it happened to multiple of us at different points in the game play.
For this alone, I would not recommend this game.
*Edited to say we tried numerous methods to fix, closing/opening the game, toggling push to talk, etc, nothing worked for long
genuinely the most fun i have had on a game in a LONG time.
freaking scary as crap
idk, not great, just play lethal company
Esta chido
Desto mehr spieler desto lustiger
good
wada
This game is really fun, but that emoji banner almost made me write it off as a dumb meme game. Glad I actually gave it a chance though.
So much fun
goated
muito divertido
gud
Fun game to be silly with your pals!
love this game but i like if i could play on my laptop
Un jeu d'anthologie : Une bonne rigolade, un jeu jamais vu, rien a dire, j'le son homonyme.
10/10 i love how chaotic this game is
Le jeux est excellent a jouer entre potes j'ai jamais autant rigoler
Lots of loot to steal Friends to make and Monster to hide from.
put him in the cauldron
PLEASE STOP EXPLODING ME
I bought this game cause it looked neat and I had no clue this would become one of those games I'd become slowly addicted to this. Buy this game right now if you have a soundboard use it. (make sure to play this game with friends)
>inicio o jogo
>descubro a de text to speech
>entramos na partida
>uma dura voadora a se aproximar
>nos escondemos
>meu amigo olha pra mim
>digita "caverudo"
> escutou e matou dois
>10/10
Don't let the unappealing banner turn you away from this game, it's actually really fun. It's like if Garry's Mod and Lethal Company had a baby and honestly it works. I love the goofy physics and character designs, and proximity chat in games is always a treat. I would like matchmaking to be a thing in the future though but I know that'll likely be a thing soon. I'm always open to more Lethal Company like games and this one is one I'll be keeping an eye on.
This deserves the better with friends reward lol
Good Game
scary
a Great game that brings fresh qualities to the genre. greatly enjoyable with friends, i have never felt such carnal fear whilst looking like a south park canadian tik-tak
Game is so much fun, love it and I have been having a blast 100/10 would recommend to anyone that loves either pure chaos, or just getting destroyed by random mobs!
bom demais
shit in em
DE ACESSO ANTECIPADO
BOM
absolutely love this genre with all my heart, but this is how you do it right.
being able to be revived/revive your friends, so you can still keep playing together is such a great feature that some games just lack.
there's also breathing room between extraction points, so you're not constantly hiding until the very end where it does matter.
i love all of the monsters except for one, I would pay to blow up that little crawling head on sight
its just a great game and im excited to see what the team will be cooking up in the future <3
very fun
freelo
Much good. Much wow. Much fun.
was nie zmarnujcie tej gierki!
First time In years Iv laughed as hard as I did playing this, amazing game 10/10
Esse jogo muito bom para quem procura um jogo para rir com seus amigos.
banger
AMAZING VIDEO GAME
FUNNY
Lo adoro, de mis favs totalmente, recomendado, solo le falta mas facilidad para patear al bebe, y seria un 10/10 GOTY of year del del siglo
i would'nt say its a LC clone both are different, one of this games most prominent differences is in Repo hiding is one of the best ways to live and in LC its running away, i think i like the physics based loot system better then LC's, also get rid of the emoji mascot, PLEASE.
is good
The physics are fun
This game is really awesome to play with friends and they're working on their next content update already!
But Semiwork PLEASE CHANGE THE GAME BANNER AND LOGO! It's doing poorly for marketing the game.
Hey! Help me with this.
MUITO BOM BRABO
Um. he's right behind me isn't he
just as good as lethal company. needs matchamking
it seems like a really solid game, but with no being allowed to play with random. i gotta find 4 people to play with which isn't always the easiest. ill probably repurchase it once they add the feature back but rn ill leave it as is
Good game. Good time. Good price. Good.
10 8 10 10
Its too good game
THIS GAME IS AMAZING, SO FUN WITH FRIED FRIENDS!
A great bit of fun with a comical yet polished feel to it. It does what the other 'gainful employment' games and of course has it's own twist.
Pros
+ Very fun
+ Fun ways of interacting with the environment
+ interesting enemies (Though they are generally simple to deal with or avoid)
+ Polished system with no menus breaking up gameplay
Cons
- Lack of variety (It's a new game, this is excusable)
- Being dead is boring
10/10 Would def recommend to those who like ducks
lethal 2
beware. the apex predator.
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa gigante
Very nice game, very recommend!
good
fun game
R.E.P.O. is an absolute gem, and not even exaggerating. Yeah, the emoji banner makes it look like some cheap Backrooms clone, but let that fool game is worth your time. The atmosphere is so thick you could cut it with a knife, the sound design will make you jump, and those adorable yet creepy muppet robots are on a whole other level of charm. This just another Lethal Company clone; something unique, full of soul and style. The devs clearly poured a ton of love and effort into this, and it shows in every little detail. If been scrolling past because of the banner, stop and buy this game. Seriously, worth it. R.E.P.O. is a hidden gem that deserves way more attention. Devs, done an amazing job, but please change the banner so people miss out on such a fantastic game!
Bom demaizi, principalmente com os amigos
where am i
en iyi 220
This game makes me really want to kick a baby.
MUITO RUIM
9,9/10
We had more fun just on the lobby that playing on Cheating Strike
the best game out there right now with really good devs who listen to there people would recommend to everyone
These devs and the game is amazing this is a good time to tap in!
it fun
yea
nice
Lethal company but better
muito poggers
bao pode joga ( precisa ter amigos antes claro )
very funny, very well though out, love the proximity chat, love the monster variety, also love the item variety
I got shot by an old man 10/10
fun for like 5 mins and then just gets impossible to complete. Unfortunately passed the 2 hour mark.
Very nice
This game would be so good, but it has this stupid durability mechanic on items that slows down gameplay so much that it's just not enjoyable. The grabbing mechanic also feels pretty terrible. Basically just worse lethal company.
If Lethal Company started a genre, then this game is the first major iteration on that genre.
Extremely fun holy shit
i died
apesar dos gnomos MALDITOS EU ODEIO TODOS OS GNOMOS MORRAM MORRAM o jogo foi um sequestrador/10
Got licked to death
Fun to play with friends
Stupid fun + stupid friends = more fun
I'm going to start this review the same as another review I read and I agree with a lot of it. ignore the RIDICULOUS AND GENERIC emoji they put on the banner, the game is good and worth it.
Buy it without thinking twice to play with your friends. The game follows more or less the standard of Lethal Company, being in my opinion funnier and with more mechanics.
For the devs: change the banner emoji because the game looks like a game made for kids that came from Roblox to Steam!
Other than that, it's well optimized and has a wide variety of monstrosities.
You can see the care put into building the game, and they are reaping the rewards with good sales and good reviews.
10/10
precisa de amigos, eu tenho mas bom.
Bardzo dobry symulator zwiedzania Ciechocinka.
making my friends pick up the love potion so i can finally hear kind sentiments about myself.
10/10
viejo XD
Vaya risas
Its been the most fun ive had since Lethal Company came out
great game
Highly addictive game, fun to play with all your friends. Nice that we can play with 5 other friends. would recommend.
i was repeatedly violated by a french man, scariest shit ever
:3
good fun
This game is funny as hell, man, its a great time when you have mates to play with because the most random stuff happens
Extremely funny and great game to enjoy with friends!
Um bom e velho lethal-like. Da pra perder horas facilmente com os amigos. O medo misturado com a te faz perder a do tempo e cagar de medo enquanto da risada. Simplesmente fantastico
Amazing game
Fun game with friends. Please make friends if you want to have fun playing this game.
Very funasdfasdfwefASDFCV
Meilleur jeu en coop, des moment tellement fun, sans prises de Bien meilleur en multi que en solo, demande peu de ressources, une vraie masterclass.
i've been playing solo and while hard is still fair, def recommend with or without a group
no matchmaking, no randoms, need to bring your own 4 man
jogo muito bom, o tempo passa que nem
uno de los mejores juegos q he jugado
good
then why, o foolish one, did you sow?
i hate the little duck
Beschde wie der Bob Tschigarillo
very fun
muito bom o repo
it good
funny
goofy and fun game
me likey
pinche juego todo me encanta
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
nice
If you're reading this get the Thunder store app and play this game with mods it makes it 100x more fun and bigger lobbies when the max in the original is 6. Having 10 friends running around doing stupid shit is chaotic and fun.
its good
all i have to say is very epic game super cool play it trust me its worth ur time
jogo muito bom, mas infelizmente nao tenho amigos q joguem, caso passe pela mesma coisa, me adc na steam e me chama pra jogar.
uma merda todo bugado mas bom10/10 uma merda
For 10$ this game is more than worth it
THIS GAME IS SOOOO FUNNY, if you liked lethal company or content warning, play this
I THINK THIS IS A LITTLE BETTER, SO FUNNY MAN
Wobot
goty
Pretty flipping kewl
Great game, could easily be better than Lethal with some good updates. I have to echo the sentiment that the main banner/logo for the game makes it look like some cheap analog horror slop though. Upon first seeing it I actually dismissed the game for this reason. It took my friends showing me the actual gameplay to give it a shot. It also just strikes me as weird, because aside from you and the boss communicating via emojis, this logo has practically nothing to do with the game.
Uzun zaman sonra oyun belinize kuvvet babalar.
6.5 > 10
Solid game, banner had me thinking it was a joke game and I dismissed it at first.
Super fun with friends, highly recomend.
15 10 360
Le principe est simple, meilleur que Lethal company mon sens. si sur certains points, comme le fait de pouvoir se cacher, ses mates, utiliser des armes et surtout quelque chose qui manquait lethal, un chat lu par voix qui rajoute un petit coter goofy au jeu tout comme le roi des nuls la fin de la partie
Me de risa y miedo al mismo tiempo. Excelente
empiezo y un me da un tiro en toda la cara, lo recomiendo mucho
10 10
I cant tell you how much i love this game. I am a fan of everything horror. I loved lethal company. But this is like a step up on lethal company. Solid 10/10 game
It made me come back to life. I was dead for the last 456 years and this game has revived my will to be alive o this earth.
YOU SHOULDN'T HAVE DONE THAT YOU SHOULDN'T HAVE DONE THAT YOU SHOULDN'T HAVE DONE THAT YOU SHOULDN'T HAVE DONE THAT YOU SHOULDN'T HAVE DONE THAT YOU SHOULDN'T HAVE DONE THAT YOU SHOULDN'T HAVE DONE THAT YOU SHOULDN'T HAVE DONE THAT
Boom
T is the best button
lol
B de bom
watched two of my soundboard friends get shot by a blind man 10/10
Tudo de bom.
very spooky and fun perfect
good
DOLDUM DOLDUM DOLDUM DOLDUM HER GELENE PATLADIM
got acused of hacking then got hacked then i hoped off after lots of good matched just a hacker problem
pain and suffering
This game makes me realize that money is worth more than my friends
alguem pra jogar adiciona ai
So viel zeug mit sooo viel wenn man mit mehreren spielt lach garantiert XD holt es euch wenn ihr auf games wie Lethal company steht
great game to play with friends
This game is super well polished for an indie, fresh release. Hands down I give this a 10/10.
Just play it.
3-4
This game is really really good, which I didn't expect from a Lethal Company clone. If the devs add stuff consistently, it will most likely surpass it.
Fun with friends, fun solo. Don't get cocky. The duck is a jerk.
I love getting diddled by the peener snatcher.
This game is the best lethal company clone yet. the only bad thing is the that there is no matchmaking system which the devs have responded and is working on it
good community
good and caring devs
the game has potential but it feels like it needs something
oh yea and also good game
absolutely love this game gets me excited to play everynight 10/10
reposetion
yeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyyeyeye
Somos CANADIENSES!
Was fun with friends for 2.5 hours but the final part, returning to the van quickly got tedious.
The monsters clearly know exactly where you are, they just aren't "Allowed" to kill you unless you mess up.
And with them constantly, conveniently right next to you all the time it just makes the last phase of the match irritating.
Would have put a middle option if i could.
TLDR: fun with friends for a couple of hours, then starts to outstay its welcome
Good fun with friends, but just please get rid of that god awful banner and "haha funny laugh emoji" motif, it really doesn't help the branding at all and made several of my friends hesitant at first glance.
Playing alone is boring, but with others there is a frying pan
If you like lethal company, this is for you.
bruh ma bahhh
Yes. Oh and the sword lady is big oof.
iyi
Muito bom ksksksksksks
Sacrafice! Sacrafice!
Es un juego muy bueno, pero que el limite de personas sea 6 me parece que es muy poco, poner mas como 8 o 10, agregar que puedas pagar en la gasolinera para elegir el mapa siguiente que te puede tocar, y si se pudiera poner algunos para los personajes, que no sea excesivo, algo como un sombrero o gafas bien, bien que agregaran un mob que se guiara con la luz, seria interesante que mob o hiciera que te apartara de los y que en esas habitaciones pasara algo, como escapar de un enemigo o enfrentarlo o hacer un acertijo. pero en base el juego esta muy bien y es creativo y original en varios aspectos, me gusta el fantasma que te secuestra,
Trop bien
yes
Muito Bom, apenas, muito bom
goated
fun with friends
goofy good
Genialna gierka
very first round with my friends and they tell me to press q
then they start ripping me in half and slamming me into things
10/10
I like this game but PLEASE just add match making, I have no friends that have this game Please add match making :(
five stars, i have never seen a game that has good quality, speed, loading time, and over all fun for such a good price. i highly recommend this game but it is even better with friends
si
Amazing game to play with friends, it gave me a good laugh :D
I don't understand why is there so positive rating, It is game level "android mobile" few mechanics to empty.
una sola palabra MAJESTUOSIDAD.
FANTASTISK! Playing this game with friends is a wonderful experience, and fosters some hilarious experiences! Game mechanics are solid and has a brilliant art style and bunch of environments! Highly recommend this game! Thank you to @SPSick for getting it for me, you're a legend mate <3 10/10
Fun to play with friends
ganda fixe
pretty good game
i have friends
is fun
The hardest I've laughed in a while. Wonderful time with friends.
grandpa shot me after i told him to take his meds
Ich hatte mal 4 Kekse und habe einen gegessen, dann hatte ich noch 3
Chat: ^
best game for 11$
haha
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Super divertido si lo juegas con amigos jaja
(ESTE JUEGO ES PERFECTO PARA JUGAR CON AMIGOS SINO NI PIENSES EN COMPRARLO)
-{ }-
☐ Olvidas lo que es la realidad
☐ Hermoso
☐ Bueno
☑ Decente
☐ Malo
☐ No mires demasiado tiempo
☐ MS-DOS
-{ Jugabilidad }-
☑ Muy buena
☐ Buena
☐ Es solo jugabilidad
☐ Mehh
☐ Mejor mira se seca la pintura
☐ Simplemente no
-{ Audio }-
☐
☐ Muy bueno
☑ Bueno
☐ No tan malo
☐ Malo
☐ Ahora estoy sordo
-{ }-
☑
☑ Adolescentes
☑ Adultos
☑ Abuela
-{ Requisitos del PC }-
☐ Revisa si puedes ejecutar Paint
☑ Una papa
☐ Decente
☐
☐ rico
☐ Pregunta a la NASA si tienen una computadora de sobra
-{ del Juego }-
☑ Disco Floppy
☐ Anticuado
☐ Aceptable
☐ Grande
☐ el 10% de tu disco duro de 1TB
☐ un disco duro entero para guardarlo
☐ invertir en un agujero negro para almacenar todos los datos
-{ Dificultad }-
☐ Solo presiona 'W'
☐
☑ de aprender / de dominar
☐ Requiere uso significativo del cerebro
☐
☐ Dark Souls
-{ Farmeo }-
☐ Nada que farmear
☐ Solo si te importan los rankings/tablas de
☐ No es necesario para progresar
☑ Nivel promedio de farmeo
☐ Demasiado farmeo
☐ una segunda vida para farmear
-{ Historia }-
☐ Sin historia
☐ Algo de trasfondo
☐ Promedio
☑ Buena
☐ Encantadora
☐ tu vida
-{ del Juego }-
☐ Lo suficiente para una taza de
☐ Corto
☑ Promedio
☐ Largo
☐ Hasta el infinito y
-{ Precio }-
☐ gratis!
☑ Vale su precio
☐ Si en oferta
☐ Si te sobra algo de dinero
☐ No recomendado
☐ quemar tu dinero
-{ Errores }-
☐ Nunca hablar de ellos
☑ Errores menores
☐ Pueden llegar a ser molestos
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ El juego es un gran terrario de bugs
-{ ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☐ 9
☑ 10
Awesome
Bully ton pote simulator
10/10
i cant stop laughing over the player avatars expressions 10/10.
There is so much love in this game
noice
I normally don't like scary games, but I decided to try this one out with friends. Gotta say, impressed! I hope it gets the company and the devs and beta testers behind it get lots of love from the community, and keep making great content of it! Sometimes, I do find that there are some unfair moments, like the Clown. If you are under a table, or, under anything for that matter, it can touch you while you are under it, and that causes it to get aggro'd onto you, and if you are in a corner, you're dead. Other than that, the enemies are fun and scary to deal with, the gameplay is fun and entertaining, and the layouts of the levels are impressive! Gotta say though, diamonds, and other items of glass break a bit TOO easy. Say, I pick up the diamond, 2.1K-2.6K or so, I back up and it slides off, it's gone. It breaks and I lose the item. I think that's a bit unfair for something like that, it can't just break THAT quickly from a SMALL tap against something. I would have to actively DROP the item to break it.
This game is amazing and i love it but you cant play with random people or like join lobbies but im fine with it because me and my friends enjoy this game and the fun in the game is what makes up for matchmaking and honestly i just thing this could go for GOTY for funny or horror, now if they do compete in the steam goty i will vote for it because this game is just too funny man. I have been stalking this game since semiwork announced this and when it came out i bought it, gifted it to my friends, booted it up, and had the best day of my life. This game is a 9.5/10 due to the matchmaking but its fine so if you exclude matchmaking like about it then i would rate it 10/10. Cause this game is their first unity game and online multiplayer game and i was surprised about that cuz for their first unity and online multiplayer game, i think it is AMAZING they are really good at this stuff. Especially since they made vodigo. And that is my REVIEW now GOODBYE.
Entro a un lugar
tomo objetos valiosos
un sujeto me encuentra y trata de matarme con una escopeta
escapo y me voy del lugar
llego a mi casa y empiezo a jugar R.E.P.O
10/10
R
meu mano foi molestado por anoes de jardim
his game is an absolute blast to play with friends, combining intense horror and suspense with a unique and engaging experience. The atmosphere is thick with tension, from the eerie sound design to the unsettling visuals that constantly keep you on edge. Every moment feels like it could erupt into a heart-pounding scare, and where the real fun comes in.
Playing with friends takes the experience to the next level. Whether working together to solve puzzles, surviving terrifying encounters, or just trying to keep your cool when things get chaotic, the cooperative aspect makes it way more thrilling. You can hear your friends' reactions as the tension builds, adding an extra layer of excitement. The shared experience of being scared together makes the game feel even more immersive, and you help but laugh nervously when someone jumps out of their seat in fear.
The design is smart, with an excellent balance of challenge and suspense. Each new environment brings a fresh wave of dread, and always something lurking just out of sight. The creepy sound cues and unexpected twists keep everyone on their toes, making it impossible to predict coming next. Whether sneaking around to avoid creepy monsters or figuring out how to escape a horrifying situation, every moment is full of surprises.
What really stands out is how the developers have made sure to maintain a steady flow of suspense without relying too heavily on jump scares. The constant feeling of being watched or followed builds a sense of unease, keeping players on edge even when directly happening. This slow-burn tension, paired with sudden bursts of danger, creates a rollercoaster of fear and excitement that keeps you coming back for more.
If looking for a game not just scary but also a ton of fun to experience with friends, this is definitely one you want to miss. the perfect mix of teamwork, horror, and suspense have you and your friends laughing, screaming, and on the edge of your seats the whole time.
funny game with funny robots 10/10
GOOD GAME
unlike the banner, the game is great and very silly.
(no but fr developers pls change the banner, i got jumpscared by the game icon on my desktop way too many times)
I love my friends (Tuna and Vrobro)
It's squad, but it's squad 10/10.
wea buena
Very fun with friends.
muito foda
your mom
play
R. uh-roh Raggy
E.
P.
P.
De los mejores juegos coop que he probado y agradezco tenga pocos requisitos por mis amigos que tienen una papa de pc
Haha Funny Game
Lethal Company 2
fun gewd
oooo
One of my friends put another friend into a toilet. I laughed, my friends laughed, and the toilet laughed it's lid off.
10/10. Would toilet again.
peak entertainment, great party game
This game offers a fresh twist on the co-op horror genre, similar to Lethal Company. You and your team collect random items for some strange entity, but here, got more tools at your disposal and even hiding spots you can fit into! This adds a fun layer of strategy, allowing you to coordinate attacks to the monsters with your friends, with rewards that can reach the thousands!
The mechanic of items breaking when dropped provides loads of laughs. I once dropped a $9000 vase by accident, and my friend stared at me and screamed "YEEEEEETAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA" for six seconds straight.
When you lose, no reason to feel bad because you and your friends are thrown into a tiny arena to duke it out and see the best loser. It turns the disappointment of a lost game into a laugh fest as you toss each other into the bottomless pit along side the millions of other losers that failed this freaky entity.
The text-to-speech feature is probably my favorite part. Why bother with voice chat when you can make your goofy android lookin ass character speak in broken English? actually useful too, like when communicating through walls since voices are muffled. (They even whisper if you're crouched! I love this detail!)
For a small team, this game is incredibly well thought out, with fun in every aspect explored, and actively working on updates.
It might suffer the "lack of friends" con for some. But if you got the mates, definitely worth the pennies.
[i]As a side note: I thought this game was gonna be trash solely for the thumbnail image, no hard feelings, and I only got into it by recommendation from my friends. I suggest changing it to something like the androids at the front with that creepy emoji on the back.[/i]
good game
skibidi toilet
I scared.
i got chased by a women first time this has ever happened 10/10
NO DO NOT PLAY i tried joining a game and the only way you can do that is if one of your friends is in one already so do not play
the duck is NOT friendly.
Best horror game i've played in a while, never laughed this hard in a year
love the game but does seem very similar to lethal company
i would recommend if you like lethal company
si
oloco
This game is for sure one of the best games I've played in 2025. Its fun to goof off and still get your objective done. I hope this game gets more fun and creative updates. Wish you well :)
3 espresa ne mogu se ispravim
very fun to play with freinds. REPO > Lethal Company
Super fun as a group and the controls and mechanics are easy to pick up for first-time players
barley touched the duck it came after me
the dam duck
good game
321321
another banger from semiworks voidigo was peak and this is also peak
Extremely good for an early access game. I had my doubts and thought it would be another 8$ game I would dump after playing a couple hours (I didn't like lethal company) but it actually has me hooked. There are lots of monsters that interact different ways which keeps the game interesting. Additionally, the game has really cool physics mechanics you have to use to move certain items with your friends. However, I wish we didn't have to install a mod to play with over 6 people. I hope the devs realize that they have a great thing going and keep updating the game.
sigma sigma boy
ITS SO HARD THE MONSTERS ARE SPAWN CAMPING I CANT FINISH THE FIRST LEVEL U NEED AN UPDATE OR MAKE THE USER CHOOSE THE DIFFICULTY
jUEGO MUY DIVERTIDO PARA JUGAR CON AMIGOS!
This game is hilarious
If you're thinking this is going to be Lethal Company 2.0 you will be very disappointed.
You can't really be immersed in any kind of scary atmosphere in this because the aesthetics are all over the place and mostly unserious. Something that Lethal Company did amazing with was establishing the atmosphere of being on a moon colony and potentially being the last person here. And this is mostly scary by surprise and sudden atmosphere shifts, but never feels as if it's building up towards anything.
Things like the emojis just feel out of place and really unappealing, and it ends up standing out as a very strong contrast against the rest of the game as something that doesn't fit in, and it would've been better if it had stuck to one thing like the "puppet" people that the players play as. It's a pet peeve, but it's really difficult to recommend a game with something like that as a banner, it just looks cheap and as if they didn't think it through.
The enemies in the game can be interesting, but it can be really difficult to avoid some of them because there is a floaty motion to everything that you do, and it can also make many of the enemies feel the same.
I had fun, but for these reasons it can also be difficult to judge if this is something I will repeatedly come back to.
10 10
10 10
Aldrig skratta mycket ett spel! 5/5 toasters
mycket skratt! hahah!
olavo de carvalho e foda jogo bom
19 000 200
10 10
Mi amigo con el que juego R.E.P.O. dijo que si publico una sobre R.E.P.O. y obtiene 100 Me gusta y 20 premios, me una caja de cerveza y un Blue Label de Johnnie Walker. que esto
One of the best games early 2025.
Really fun & sometimes chaotic with friends, we love it.
Looking forward for new levels, lewts & hopefully truck-decorations / outfits someday.
This is one of the best co-op games i've ever played
9fha9udhfoisdhbfighgshbigysiyughbibdobfoihasngpoujshbg9usonguosbfgio;sujnfgbiuhyabdfoihsbfosajfgbnsiyufdgbnsdiuyhfnsdouifbndsiogndsifyugndoiufghnsdoiughjndikjgn9ujnuhj 9fha9udhfoisdhbfighgshbigysiyughbibdobfoihasngpoujshbg9usonguosbfgio;sujnfgbiuhyabdfoihsbfosajfgbnsiyufdgbnsdiuyhfnsdouifbndsiogndsifyugndoiufghnsdoiughjndikjgn9ujnuhj 9fha9udhfoisdhbfighgshbigysiyughbibdobfoihasngpoujshbg9usonguosbfgio;sujnfgbiuhyabdfoihsbfosajfgbnsiyufdgbnsdiuyhfnsdouifbndsiogndsifyugndoiufghnsdoiughjndikjgn9ujnuhj 9fha9udhfoisdhbfighgshbigysiyughbibdobfoihasngpoujshbg9usonguosbfgio;sujnfgbiuhyabdfoihsbfosajfgbnsiyufdgbnsdiuyhfnsdouifbndsiogndsifyugndoiufghnsdoiughjndikjgn9ujnuhj 9fha9udhfoisdhbfighgshbigysiyughbibdobfoihasngpoujshbg9usonguosbfgio;sujnfgbiuhyabdfoihsbfosajfgbnsiyufdgbnsdiuyhfnsdouifbndsiogndsifyugndoiufghnsdoiughjndikjgn9ujnuhj 9fha9udhfoisdhbfighgshbigysiyughbibdobfoihasngpoujshbg9usonguosbfgio;sujnfgbiuhyabdfoihsbfosajfgbnsiyufdgbnsdiuyhfnsdouifbndsiogndsifyugndoiufghnsdoiughjndikjgn9ujnuhj 9fha9udhfoisdhbfighgshbigysiyughbibdobfoihasngpoujshbg9usonguosbfgio;sujnfgbiuhyabdfoihsbfosajfgbnsiyufdgbnsdiuyhfnsdouifbndsiogndsifyugndoiufghnsdoiughjndikjgn9ujnuhj 9fha9udhfoisdhbfighgshbigysiyughbibdobfoihasngpoujshbg9usonguosbfgio;sujnfgbiuhyabdfoihsbfosajfgbnsiyufdgbnsdiuyhfnsdouifbndsiogndsifyugndoiufghnsdoiughjndikjgn9ujnuhj 9fha9udhfoisdhbfighgshbigysiyughbibdobfoihasngpoujshbg9usonguosbfgio;sujnfgbiuhyabdfoihsbfosajfgbnsiyufdgbnsdiuyhfnsdouifbndsiogndsifyugndoiufghnsdoiughjndikjgn9ujnuhj 9fha9udhfoisdhbfighgshbigysiyughbibdobfoihasngpoujshbg9usonguosbfgio;sujnfgbiuhyabdfoihsbfosajfgbnsiyufdgbnsdiuyhfnsdouifbndsiogndsifyugndoiufghnsdoiughjndikjgn9ujnuhj 9fha9udhfoisdhbfighgshbigysiyughbibdobfoihasngpoujshbg9usonguosbfgio;sujnfgbiuhyabdfoihsbfosajfgbnsiyufdgbnsdiuyhfnsdouifbndsiogndsifyugndoiufghnsdoiughjndikjgn9ujnuhj 9fha9udhfoisdhbfighgshbigysiyughbibdobfoihasngpoujshbg9usonguosbfgio;sujnfgbiuhyabdfoihsbfosajfgbnsiyufdgbnsdiuyhfnsdouifbndsiogndsifyugndoiufghnsdoiughjndikjgn9ujnuhj 9fha9udhfoisdhbfighgshbigysiyughbibdobfoihasngpoujshbg9usonguosbfgio;sujnfgbiuhyabdfoihsbfosajfgbnsiyufdgbnsdiuyhfnsdouifbndsiogndsifyugndoiufghnsdoiughjndikjgn9ujnuhj 9fha9udhfoisdhbfighgshbigysiyughbibdobfoihasngpoujshbg9usonguosbfgio;sujnfgbiuhyabdfoihsbfosajfgbnsiyufdgbnsdiuyhfnsdouifbndsiogndsifyugndoiufghnsdoiughjndikjgn9ujnuhj 9fha9udhfoisdhbfighgshbigysiyughbibdobfoihasngpoujshbg9usonguosbfgio;sujnfgbiuhyabdfoihsbfosajfgbnsiyufdgbnsdiuyhfnsdouifbndsiogndsifyugndoiufghnsdoiughjndikjgn9ujnuhj 9fha9udhfoisdhbfighgshbigysiyughbibdobfoihasngpoujshbg9usonguosbfgio;sujnfgbiuhyabdfoihsbfosajfgbnsiyufdgbnsdiuyhfnsdouifbndsiogndsifyugndoiufghnsdoiughjndikjgn9ujnuhj 9fha9udhfoisdhbfighgshbigysiyughbibdobfoihasngpoujshbg9usonguosbfgio;sujnfgbiuhyabdfoihsbfosajfgbnsiyufdgbnsdiuyhfnsdouifbndsiogndsifyugndoiufghnsdoiughjndikjgn9ujnuhj 9fha9udhfoisdhbfighgshbigysiyughbibdobfoihasngpoujshbg9usonguosbfgio;sujnfgbiuhyabdfoihsbfosajfgbnsiyufdgbnsdiuyhfnsdouifbndsiogndsifyugndoiufghnsdoiughjndikjgn9ujnuhj 9fha9udhfoisdhbfighgshbigysiyughbibdobfoihasngpoujshbg9usonguosbfgio;sujnfgbiuhyabdfoihsbfosajfgbnsiyufdgbnsdiuyhfnsdouifbndsiogndsifyugndoiufghnsdoiughjndikjgn9ujnuhj 9fha9udhfoisdhbfighgshbigysiyughbibdobfoihasngpoujshbg9usonguosbfgio;sujnfgbiuhyabdfoihsbfosajfgbnsiyufdgbnsdiuyhfnsdouifbndsiogndsifyugndoiufghnsdoiughjndikjgn9ujnuhj 9fha9udhfoisdhbfighgshbigysiyughbibdobfoihasngpoujshbg9usonguosbfgio;sujnfgbiuhyabdfoihsbfosajfgbnsiyufdgbnsdiuyhfnsdouifbndsiogndsifyugndoiufghnsdoiughjndikjgn9ujnuhj 9fha9udhfoisdhbfighgshbigysiyughbibdobfoihasngpoujshbg9usonguosbfgio;sujnfgbiuhyabdfoihsbfosajfgbnsiyufdgbnsdiuyhfnsdouifbndsiogndsifyugndoiufghnsdoiughjndikjgn9ujnuhj 9fha9udhfoisdhbfighgshbigysiyughbibdobfoihasngpoujshbg9usonguosbfgio;sujnfgbiuhyabdfoihsbfosajfgbnsiyufdgbnsdiuyhfnsdouifbndsiogndsifyugndoiufghnsdoiughjndikjgn9ujnuhj 9fha9udhfoisdhbfighgshbigysiyughbibdobfoihasngpoujshbg9usonguosbfgio;sujnfgbiuhyabdfoihsbfosajfgbnsiyufdgbnsdiuyhfnsdouifbndsiogndsifyugndoiufghnsdoiughjndikjgn9ujnuhj
jeu tres droles a faire avec des amis effrayant certe mais incroyable
nunca habia echo social en un juego, este juego me ayudo con eso.
This game will get you screaming louder and laughing harder than any other game.
So fun. HAVE to play with friends. So if your a lonely mf this is not the game for u
60
10 10
exceedingly silly and fun
Fantastic
such Repo much old man falling down stairs
zloto
Super jeu
sick buv
god
Im the taxmans little wage slave
fire
Super jeu vraiment, entre amis. Concept vraiment fun. Fou rires garantis. Rien d'autre dire
Ps : tabasser ses amis avec des meubles et leur rentrer dedans avec le caddie reste mon
erxtrem geiles game und sehr viel zum lachen
good
fix the public server!
Es un juego muy divertido para jugar con amigos, esos momentos de sustos y descubrir lo que hay en cada lugar. Ademas los desarrolladores han hecho un gran trabajo con los diferentes monstruos que tienen diferentes y de los objetos que puedes encontrar tienen interacciones muy divertidas. Ojala sigan asi y traten el juego con mucho amor. Lo recomiendo para hechar grandes momentos con los panas.
Excelente juego, muy divertido para jugar con amigos
A silly robot game about breaking pianos and being eaten by demons from moomin valley.
this game is probably the best lethal company clone, i was put off at first by the icon becuase it gave bad vibes but the robot characters are so adorable and well made and i love their flappy heads, me and my friend group have so much fun playing this, i bought this three days ago and already have 10 hours in the game definitely worth getting for friend groups who want to play lethal company but are put off by the time limits and instant kill monsters
Big Fan. Huge Fan. Skull Emjoi times 100
bloggers soggers
Love this game
peak content farm
Amazing
This game is really fun and a bit difficult at the same time but one you get the hang of it you will love it!
screaming doesnt help, but it looks funny
10\10
IRS Simulator
I'm Mr. Burch, I'm from Michigan.
peak horror game, maybe better than lethal company
i hate my friends (gerkin)
10/10
One of the best coop games ever
nice!
ops butter fingers
smkile
I think everyone agrees on how off-putting is the game's banner, I was skeptical towards it too since it really looks like some typical steam slop/scam game but i decided to buy it and get my friends to get the game too. And it was a blast game uses it's proximity chat potential fully with funny mechanics such as hourglass slowing not only you down but also making your voice slowed down or spewer altering your voice pitch which makes overall proximity chat experience funnier. Movement is very fun and i would never think that i'd become Ikea employee taking that one goddamn furniture 10 floors up.
(teamwork is very important when you have to take larger objects)
I think the game is pretty scary and very funny i give it uhhh :laughing_emoji:/10
its just a fun game
Absolute fantastic time for a group of strangers to play together. The thing that make games like this great that it gives players an environment to work together in but more importantly gives moments where you can just talk to each other and laugh with strangers. Genuinely one of the best multiplayer experiences I've had in over a decade. I just wish they had something like a "quick match" button to jump into games with other random people.
olha o patinho clica nele, 2 segundos depois olha o biiiixxxoooooo cooorrrreeeeee. kkkkkk jogo muito bom recomendo pra quem tem amigos!
juego super divertido para jugar con amigos, terror muy minimo pero las cosas que pasan de forma al azar lo hace muy buen juego
5 10 10
seloco.
Miren, es un juegazo, al nivel de Lethal Company y Content Warning, pero aun le falta mucho contenido.
Aun
No quita que sea uno de los mejores juegos Co-op que he probado.
bon jeux
game so perfect,
i screamed a lot
More fun than Lethal company with more replayability.
You can be "King of the loosers" and get a little crown in the next round. 11/10
yers thank you guys for game thanks fun game funny and i like beating them up with pan or ghammer thank you
Game was so fun and exciting, also was super hilarious when playing with friends which make it more funnier
In the current state of this game, I highly recommend you don't buy this game. As with other lethal company copy cats such as Content Warning, the enemies are too unbalanced and you have no real way to succeed. Even if you learn the crappy gimmick that the enemy has and work around it, you just get screwed by another enemy at the same time. I'll change the review when this get's fixed.
funny and cheap, good laugh
good.
R.eal
E.ntertainment
P.eople
O.bey
jogo bom da porra
Really fun Lethal Company alternative.
This game is really interesting
muito divertido pra jogar com uma rapaziada
very very fun and funny asf
yes
Incroyable
Je vois le dans ce jeu, mais je trouve qu'il y a des assez fondamentaux. Je vais que parler des que beaucoup l'ont et sauront juste mieux expliquer les points-forts du jeu.
- L'absence de timer fait que des parties peuvent interminables. Les joueurs peuvent se retrouver attendre longtemps que leurs les revives. On est loin d'un Lethal Company/Headliners avec des games 10min max, dans R.E.P.O peut 30min attendre un revive qui n'est garanti seulement si votre corps est vos
- Les sont hyper fait que des sections des cartes qui sont parfois des long couloirs qui peuvent par des mobs qui y longtemps. Hyper chiant quand c'est le chemin vers l'objectif car il y rarement l'option de contourner les mobs voir tout simplement des les
- Puisque les objets peuvent casser avoir subi trop de dommage, il est possible de perdre une partie sans le savoir car on aura pas assez d'argent pour atteindre le quota. Le jeu ne te dit pas non plus combien d'objet il reste sur la carte ce qui laisse les joueurs deviner la situation. Je largement un ordinateur la Lethal Company qui permets de combien d'objets il reste dans la partie.
- La partie est perdue si le groupe entier meurt. C'est une critique faible, mais je avoir 3x runs ce qui permets de survivre wipe quand on subit une run avec beaucoup de malchance, genre des spawns atroce de mob. En ce moment, il y a des certains mobs peuvent one shot le groupe entier car il spawn devant bloque la seule issue et tue un par un tout ceux qui passent.
10/10 game
roligt att spela med
Das Spiel ist Richtig geil und witzig.
foda
yks parhaimmista
This game is awesome. The voice modulation is hilarious.
Selten so gelacht! Danke <3
Is very good game to play with your friends
R.E.P.O. has a leg up on a lot of other "shopping spree" (go into a place, grab as much stuff as you can, then leave) games, because it feels like it's being made in earnest by a passionate team. A lot of the decisions made were clearly done because they sounded like they'd be fun, and I really appreciate how incredibly silly the end result is. Honestly, calling this a "horror" game betrays the charm; it's a ridiculous, (visually) dark comedy romp that doesn't take itself seriously whatsoever. The ability to actually respawn feels like it was implemented solely so that you can guilt-free troll your friends, and being able to physically smash stuff and hit people with things is insanely goofy.
I see a lot of potential here, and the game pretty much just needs more stuff (I'd like to see more variance in environments), which I imagine will come considering the game is clearly successful.
Been having a blast, such a fun game to play with friends when you are done playing enough cod matches for the day. If you decide to play the name the emoji will make a lot more sense. Trust me.
15 10
EL MEJOR FAKING JUEGO PARA JUGAR CON AMIGOS LO RECOMIENDO COMPLETAMENTE
Excellent
Great & Funny Game
sin duda alguna un juego que recomiendo, 8/10, divertido para jugarlo con amigos o quien sabe solo, pero sin duda alguna es un juego muy y divertido,
Posdata: a tu lista de deseados junto con tus colegas
Lethal Company Lethal Company
Este juego a pesar de que su objetivo es los puros jajas genial.
El es es como Lethal Company pero sin las cosas malas, tienes la posibilidad de revivir a tus durante la y no hasta que termine. Las animaciones, sonidos y detalles lo hacen una experiencia se nota que el juego hecho con todo el amor de sus desarrolladores incluso cuando se al hype de Lethal (algo tarde) es una experiencia completamente diferente.
even losing is fun in this game. buy it
gra do pogrania samemu jak i z kolegami(zdecydowanie zalecam z kolegami) zrobienia baranka w albo zrzucenie go do ogromnej dziury czy spuszczenie go w kiblu a obrzyganie po tym jak plemniko wejdzie ci do mordy to tylko rzeczy w tej grze.
Serdecznie polecam
You see this horror game (despite the weird emoji banner for the game) is a really funny game to play with friends,but the worst part is there is not enough maps but thats fine cause of the gameplay it makes up for that. i really hope the devs just keep the lobbies invite only like friends and all so i wish the devs good luck on this game
Very fun!
=)
very good
Add more funny!
Quack
so funny
fun to goof around in but the game is clunky and tedious
HOLOLO bien le jeu
booster
do krai
Have fun from the bottom of your heart
good.
good game good game i like (: fun
ta chido
sigma
Insane funny game.
With friends its even better.
(If you dont have friends radoms are also funny)
THIS IS THE FUNNIEST GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED, I LOVE THIS GAME
fair
mt foda huashaus
Ignore the weird emoji banner. Not sure why they went with that, but this game is very obviously a labor of love. It's a ton of fun with friends or randoms. Looking forward to them eventually adding matchmaking, but the official Discord LFG suffices for now.
R.E.P.O. is a funny game about funny robots
Guide: Press T to have fun. Cried laughing :D
i pooped a lil
it stank
but it fun
10/10
this game is funny af this is a MUST BUY
I freaking love it.
strongly recommend this game for anyone that has a group of ppl they play with this game is stupid fun
on top
Game is amazing its funny scary and creepy all at the same time and its amazing with 3 or more absolute recommend
Press T, type funny things
10/10 from me (especially for it's price).
This game is insanely fun. Especially, when we didn't have anything new and fun from the co-op horror department for some time now.
Tons of interesting stuff to see, to interact with. Tons of cool monsters too. Gameplay loop reminds me about Lethal Company, but overall, it's much better than Lethal (imo ofc). Because after playing in this one, Lethal feels like a demo project. And it's still in Early Access btw! But yeah, if you guys are searching for:
- A game to meme with your friends (if you have friends of course, because you can't join a random lobby here)
- A game with interesting level design and monster designs
- A game where you can put your friend into the toilet and then flush it
- A game where you can kill your bois by accident (or not) and laugh about it while trying to complete "the mission"
- A game with a good atmosphere and goofy af MC characters what are looking right from the Nier:Automata alley
This is a game for you. It's worth every penny.
P.S:
Also for mac enjoyers - it works perfectly if you're running it through the "Whisky" app!
DFYE
I left this game open on accident for around 3 days. i wish i spent that time actually playing it
/
hra hraju to s a sereme se
This Shnooze cool as JOHN
Lohnt extrem
This game is so goddamn random and funny, love the jumpscares. Good thing that you can bring back people (because I always die)
Excellent.
I really like this game! the controls and silly salmon bots are great. only thing that feels annoying would be certain enemies (those darn babies) and not being able to locate your friend's heads easily. maybe have an upgrade that makes the heads beacon out on the radar? Other than that, can't wait to see where it goes!
un goty, pero el problema que existe es que al guardar una partida como para seguir al dia siguiente, desaparece y se remplaza por un guardado llamado team semiooeeeeeets, no se si sera un error mio o del juego me gustaria saber
jfjfjf
please add sex
A*
im the repo reaper
You're missing out on the most funniest/scariest game for horror. If you got that lethal itch and need a new lethal game, this game will satisfy your needs. Move furniture together to extract. Instead of picking up items in your slot, solo running in lethal, you actually have more interaction of working together. The game runs on unity engine and has about 1 gigs of storage. Try it out and remember to mess around and fun!
El mejor juego
certainly is a game and a very fun one
Superb game, love all the monsters and I especially love that one that looks like Grimace after 10 years on testosterone. 10/10 Game play or else.
I would say this takes everything that makes lethal company fun and improves on it. A super great time especially for $10.
:10 10
zajebista gierka
HAMMER GAME
es muy buen juego pero siento que le faltan cosas pero no como de monstruos o mapas si no que me refiero a buscar lobby si no tienes a alguien con quien jugar pero lo demas esta bueno
so funny and scary i like it! make sure for more updates?
This game is insanely fun, it takes lethal company and makes it less serious/difficult. Best game to play with a friend group, this games only gonna get better with mods aswell!
Can spam the slurs in voicechat and tell my friends im going to touch them while hiding 11/10
goofy fun robot game recommend plating with friends 10/10
join the repo discord for matchmaking atm
discord.gg/repo
Juegazo
hell yeah
nice
eu basta hermoso
11 10
lustig
The best game I've ever played.
sigma sigma bot sigma boy sigma boy
very cool game
would recomend 10/10
pretty fun and a great time killer
its awesome
This is such a fun game to play with your friends 10/10 would recemend
also this game is a mix of lethal company and the gmod gravity gun,
ok
good with friends :D
n
Game of the year!
un juegazo de la concha del mono, epico wacho
The game is good but I would remove the fighting.
Man muss sich erst 1-2h an das spiel wenn man das erstmal getan hat ist es extrem witzig
pretty good game and fun to play with friends
one bad thing though: my friends think it's just a ripoff of lethal company and don't buy it
great game, very fun, very yes
es mucho mas rico con amigos
good game
Un Lethal Company like qui est FUN et aussi addictif
funi monki
Very good game.
this is what you wished lethal company was, from the hilarious moments, to the use of items as you please with the physics.
i cant wait for the customization's, the road map but most of all i cant wait for the next update.
highly recommend
rocket man.
buenisimo los monos son muy chistositos kasjdhf
It's fun and me and my friends have done a lot of stupid shit that was funny as hell
Hola buenos lo primero, salgo de la zona de donde spawneamos y me encuentro a un cabezon(literalmente) el cual no me deja hacer nada no da oportunidad de hacer nada, pero aun asi me escapo, y a los 2 secs de escaparme del cabezon me apareze un pavo negro enorme el cual viene hacia donde estoy se mete debajo de la cama y me insta mata, este juego ya me tiene un poco hasta los pero aun asi tiene sus momentos graciosos, pero no lo recomiendo para nada si tienes poca paciencia. Una pena que ya haya jugado de 2 horas y no pueda devolverlo. Ademas hay un pato de los huevos que se pone en medio TODO EL RATO me rompe los objetos y ademas si lo toco sin querer para cojer unos objetos se pone modo diablo y me mata, para colmo si viene un cabezon de un ojo GIGANTE que tira laseres, y activa al pajarito de los cojon., encima no paro de huir de 35 bichos a la vez, el negro es inmatable no lo miro, y me viene corriendo, supongo que seran sus genes.
I can't help but lose brain cells every time I die.
p.s. I die a lot
Absolutely Funkin amazing
good stuff
perfect and massive
i fight with my teammates more than i fight with monsters
overall 10/10
I entered the building with a friend and the Big head appeared right away
10/10 would play again
1 3
i like!
i like so much i bought it twice
4
This is like if the GMod gamemode Jazztronauts was a horror game akin to Lethal Company.
It's actually pretty solid! Lots of fun goofs to be had here, and I actually really like the developers. (I played their first main game, Voidigo, and really enjoyed it!)
Sure, it's not for everyone, but it's definitely funny with friends. I think the upgrade system really works well in particular, as regular items can only bring you so far.
Super Fun game to play with friends!
This game is very cool for 10 dollars such a great game. I think that the only downside (Currently) is that it is a friends only lobby for now. I think that there should be more items purchaseable and that more maps and monsters are added to the mob pool.
kurukafa, ve lazerli sikiiiiiiimmm
10/10
Funny game fun best good horror I like bravo wonderful rating: 10/10
Awesome game. Worst thumbnail/banner on steam. Devs, please change it, it's likely already lost you a bunch of sales because it looks like a low effort meme/trash game.
the game is very interesting especially when you play with friends
g!
I absolutely love this game but there is only one thing I hope they change before the full game releases and thats online matchmaking so when my friends aren't on/dont wanna play I can just play with other people instead of playing by myself
"SOSAL?" "NIGGER",
bir gram bile olsa otizm belirtisi varsa ve bu oyunu hayat
Great game, PLEASE change the icon
hell yeah
I hate the baby
really fun with friends
cool
yes
Das Spiel ist lustig und macht viel
jebac legie
As always with [game]-like games, it's just a worse lethal company. Movement is clunky, fighting back is near impossible, way too little stamina, and the point and click functions are un-intuitive. It's cool that there are competitors to lethal, but this isn't the one worth going for. Just play lethal if you like this genre.
Change the emoji dude. It makes the game look ass
se vc tem amigos o jogo bom, se vc nao tem amigos arrume pq o jogo bom
I see this game getting traction like LC did, you guys have done a great job marketing this game through social media because this R.E.P.O was only brought to my attention from having reels pop up on my Instagram. I'm excited to see what the future has in store for this game as the launch content already has a good variety of content and game play that can have you and your friends laughing for hours just making you're own fun with every little feature you find in game (like flushing your friends down the toilet lol)
A great experience with friends. Hilariously chaotic and terrifying, perfect for fans of co-op horror games like Lethal Company and Phasmophobia.
gmjfn hbnmgvmngvm,bnmvfc gb n funny yum
c est trop bien de voir ces potes mourir et de l ai prendre comme appat
Blind guy with shotgun should be in the military with that aim.
best game i ever played with friends, it's fun and annoying sometime but mostly fun to laugh when one dies in the most weird way. i like how you have to work together but we end opp just messing with each other to the brick that we die and laugh about it XD. i got this game for free but i would pay for it my self because it just the best in my oppinion :).
I'm all alone and all my friends are dead.
Meu amigo levou um tiro na cara de espingarda e tivemos que fazer um funeral com fechado. 10/10
-
100, 30,
4
You got friends, but nothing to play? Play this. Absolute cinema
very fun.
this game is baller
Join lobby, killed by gang warfare. 10/10
no censor on chat :)
My friend died trying to warn me about a blind huntsman guy with a rifle.
10/10 Would play again
Very fun
I want the guy with the shotgun to stick his shotgun in my ass
flushed my friend down a toilet and headbutted his ass into a wall, 10/10
Pinkerton is the best weezer album no doubt
Best game ever 10/10
up
cool.
isssa good
pizdeeeec
SUPER FUN!
It looks fun. It would be great if you made ultrawide display support.
Don't trust the cute little ducks, they'll tear you apart. A very fun little game
DHL Loader simulator
I like it a lot more than Lethal Company, I'm a content creator on Twitch and it's one of the most entertaining games I've ever played. Definitely recommended.
Honestly worth the hype. This game is stupidly fun, especially with friends and I am looking forward to new updates :0
pretty sigma
Muito bom esse jogo
Meu amigo me reviveu e logo eu ter revivido ele pegou o carrinho e conseguiu me matar usando um carrinho pra me empurrar em baixo da
Recomendo bastante que joguem com amigos
Os inimigos muito diversos cada um com um jeito de te matar, seja de susto ou de um velho com uma arma que simplesmente vai atirar em no primeiro momento em que a rir de desespero e de nervosismo
100000/10
No inverted mouse option. For the people that play games with inverted Y axis, it's pretty much unplayable
literalmente a do que falta em qualquer jogo 3A
Amor por desenvolver jogos
Lil wayne johson lil uzi vert
Amazing game super fun BUT MY GUYS you HAVE to chance the logo i almost didnt buy the game becaus of it its sooooo ass frfr ong
hell yeah
amazing group game; lethal company genre
des barres et encore des barres, ceux jeux et hilarant a conseiller de jouer avec des amis pour avoir une meilleur imerssion
Sehr gute game.
* REVIVO *
"Cara."
* LEVO UM TIRO *
i'm a big fan of this game. go in with your friends, carry loot, and get out. the physics are pretty well polished in the game's current state, which is a big part of why this game is so fun. i would highly recommend this game to any friend group.
I'm addicted to this game so much so that I play it alone. It's actually terrifying even with friends, but also extremely silly and keeping its charm. If you like Lethal Company, give it a go (:
This game is crazy good even on first patch. Sounds like it's got a team behind it as well which is great because as good as Lethal Company was it was a big ask from a solo developer to keep up with the demand.
this game is Aweosme and sweet MUCH RECOMMND BABYYYYYY
very fun game if you have friends
2800! 10 10
yes yes
aspects of lethal but i like some of lethal's mechanics and its outside parts iykyk
kocham moment gdy lalka mnie jebie
Amazingly fun. Unfortunately a lot of downtime if you die. 9/10
I can stuff my friend into the toilet 11/10 game recommended
THIS GAME IS SO FUNNY HAHAHA
I've played this with friends for around 3 hours and did NOT stop laughing.
So yeah, it's pretty fucking worth it for
screameded laugheded and dieded
Juegazo bro me cague del susto con la cabeza flotante
yes
peak
U L T R A - M E G A - P E R F E C T - L E G E N D A R Y
black cloaked women are so hot
Graphics
☐ Is this real life?
☐ Absolutely stunning
☐ Pretty nice
☑ Good, but blow your socks off
☐ Decent, it works
☐ My GPU is offended
☐ Windows 95 nostalgia
Gameplay
☐ A masterpiece of game design
☐ Fun and engaging
☑ Solid with room for improvement
☐ Playable, I guess?
☐ Watching grass grow is more exciting
☐ Who coded this?
Sound & Music
☐ Eargasmic perfection
☐ Great soundtrack, nice effects
☑ Decent, nothing extraordinary
☐ heard worse
☐ Sounds like a fork in a toaster
☐ My ears need therapy
Target Audience
☐ Just for kids
☑ Teen-friendly
☑ Adults will enjoy it
☑ Grandma-approved
PC Requirements
☐ Runs on a toaster
☑ Potato-compatible
☐ A decent gaming PC will do
☐ You need a space shuttle
☐ NASA declined your request
☐ Black hole computing required
Game Size
☐ Fits on a floppy disk
☑ Small and compact
☐ Manageable
☐ Large, but reasonable
☐ RIP hard drive space
☐ Prepare an entire SSD just for this
☐ You might need a black hole to store it
Difficulty
☐ Just press 'W'
☐ Requires more than one button
☑ Easy to learn, hard to master
☑ Brain must be engaged
☐ One step below Dark Souls
☐ "You Died" simulator
Grind Factor
☐ No grinding, just chill
☐ Only matters if you like leaderboards
☐ Not necessary for progression
☑ Moderate grind, but manageable
☐ Hope you have time to spare
☐ Welcome to the endless grind pit
Story
☐ Story? What story?
☑ Some lore scattered around
☐ Decent, nothing groundbreaking
☐ Pretty engaging
☐ Deep and immersive
☐ I need therapy after playing this
Playtime
☐ Shorter than a coffee break
☐ Quick and easy
☑ Average length
☐ Long, but enjoyable
☐ Say goodbye to your social life
Price-Value Ratio
☐ Free? Shut up and take my money!
☑ Worth every penny
☐ Wait for a sale
☐ Get it if you have spare cash
☐ Not sure if worth it.
☐ Your wallet is crying
Bugs & Glitches
☐ Flawless like a Swiss watch
☑ Minor hiccups here and there
☐ Can be annoying at times
☐ Bethesda-level weirdness
☐ Congrats, you bought ARK
☐ The game itself is one big bug
Rating
☐ 1 - Exists, but
☐ 2 - Somewhere out there.
☐ 3 - Meh
☐ 4 - Ehh
☐ 5 - Pure mediocrity
☐ 6 - Decent
☐ 7 - Solid choice
☑ 8 - Recommended!
☐ 9 - Very strong game
☐ 10 - Must play
legit the best lethal company alternative out there, and the devs actually seem to care in their devlogs too which is a massive plus.
Highly recommend, but it NOOWWWWWW!
i got blasted by an old man with a gun. 10/10
Nice scary and very fun game to play with friends. Wouldn't recommend for duo play, it kinda balanced to be played with 3+ players imho, but still its fun.
cool
I like it. some bigger things (piano) don't fit under the extractors.
is gud
R.E.P.O
THIS GAME IS SO GOOD
DO NOT TRUST THE FUCKING BANNER THIS GAME IS VERY SCARY AND VERY FUNNY HOLY FUCKING SHIT
Very nice!
Probably the most fun i had while playing a coop multiplayer game in a very long time. i love how goofy but also serious and scary the game can be, when ur by urself.
I definetly recommend it and am waiting on future updates and new content!
Ce jeu est incroyable entre pote
very fun game
I threw my friend into a door
5 stars
such an absolute blast to play with friends, it has quite alot of potential
and for its price id say its well worth it if you have friends to play with <3
Bitte noch deutsche Sprache
awsomew
juego muy gracioso la muy muy bien con tus amigos si lo juegas
when she retrieve my extract until we profit from this operation
grab valuable item, get molested by monster, lose valuable item.
Fun and amazing. It's really fun to play the game with friends
jebie mnie ta gra
10/10. Me and my friend got shot by a blind man with a shotgun because we laughed at him for missing 2 steps and face planting into the ground.
this game is so silly and i love it
These fuckers come into my house and take my priceless family heirlooms
Great game tbh, a bit like lethal company and jumpscares combines. Would buy 100%
Great game to play with others, you may have hurting face muscles as a side affect of laughter. :)
THAT THAT I HATE
Pros:
Fun with friends
Fun monster behaviors & game design
Cute robots
Cons:
No achievements or long-term progression
Not worth playing without friends
Overall, if you have at least one other friend to play this with, it's totally worth picking up! Otherwise I don't see the singleplayer or matchmaking systems being worth my time.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
funny robot vis gun game
An overall improved version of everything Lethal Company laid a foundation for. so many small quality of life aspects that make this game so enjoyable. I dont usually like proximity chat in games and usually play lethal company just in a discord call, but this game proximity chat IS A MUST and really expands on the game without making it feel annoying like in some other games.
I love this game, I have personal beef with the ducks, But there are small glitches with extraction points just deleting half of the loot, enemies spawning as the ship leaves, leaving me both deceased and sad
Sometimes I hide but yet i am found and again deceased.
I also think some mid level health packs, weapons and re-spawn points would be a huge plus, The dude with the gun.no chance of survival and not enough time to build up the dolla needed to knock his ass out before he shows up
GOOD
This is so good especially with friends, also the gnomes made me laugh my a+ off lmao
Very fun, the stats and stat boosts are a fun addition to the lethal company gameplay. there is a lot of charm with the playable robots and the enemies and maps, i look forward to more content in the future.
I will start by saying I really enjoy this game and I want it to work so badly but there are flaws.
Firstly once you have completed all extraction points and completed the level, the ship/train/transport should become a safe zone and have an invisible wall for the enemies. On several occasions, I have completed the whole level, gotten back to the ship only to have the enemies appear and kill me before I've had chance to press the button to leave.
The second issue I have found after my 5 hours game play, is that you can collect all your items, add them to the extraction point, the green tick will appear, and the extraction will start. However, what happens is the game glitches, crushes half your items and you're left standing there, minus 18k worth of items and the extraction hasn't registered. You then fumble around trying to find enough items of value to get you back to the extraction threshold.
Enemies can also spawn in your ship room after you have completed the whole level and are trying to return. I just completed level 3, got to the ship room and an eye appeared. The eye locked me in and another enemy came and killed me off whilst I was 3 feet away from my ship. I ended up rage quitting.
I love the concept of this game, its fun, its just frustrating enough (without the issues) and its re-playable, but the current glitches and lack of 'safety' at level completion are a massive bug bear. Please please fix devs, so I can continue playing!
)
Joguei com meus amigos e tive que sair correndo para o banheiro 3 vezes porque estava me mijando de rir. comprem e joguem com seus amigos!
Change the games icon/banner. Misrepresents the game.
Fou rire
Lethal Company mais full troll
poner mas criaturas y dificultad al juego, ya que de 2 players se vuelve aburrido cuando uno muere
Definitely recommend this game if you have a few friends to play with! so far I enjoy it more then lethal company
funny game
The shittiest game in the universe has those graphics, you say I'm playing behind a video projector and all you people who want to install it, DON'T INSTALL IT!
I can put my friends into a chimney and burn them alive. 10/10
top o game tenho poucos amigos que compraram o game. quem quiser add ai pode add que eu chamo para jogar junto.
100/100
I wish they would add public lobbies
El emoji de la portada me define cuando lo estoy jugando dfkfjdasfdas
JUEGAZO
10/10
You can tell the devs care about this game, 10/10. I hate mentalists tho
friend says funny word wih teh chat 10/10
jingle burgers on this jingles eve (burgers)
Slaying
peak out of peak
good game but, FIX THE STAMINA BAR
GOAT
Me vine!
F.U.N.
F is for all the fun with friends or by yourself.
U is for uniqueness to a proven formula.
N is for a nice and solid atmosphere.
This game is just sheer fun. It has just a really solid balance of Horror, Terror, Hilarity and Insanity. It has a similar goal to games like Lethal Company and Content Warning. You and/or up to 5 friends enter randomly generated maps of different themes, which while limited the game is still brand new by the time of this review, I still find new things every run. The goal is to obtain enough items found throughout the map in order to reach a quota, all the while surviving the threats that call that map their home. The unique take is the lacking of any true time limit which gives you plenty of breathing room to obtain items, though your items are now fragile and can be damaged if not careful with your movements. This all comes together to forge an amazing, fun and fear fueled adventure that is great solo or with friends.
lourd
very fun with friends! but currently no multiplayer.
peak
Please for the love of christ get rid of that abomination of an emoji banner
top
It is fun with friends.
So lustig gemacht Richtig gut, empfehlenswert
PECKA VOE
Muito baum, compra!
it's just another of these pseudo horror, deploy, gather, extract games. Lethal Company, Content Warning, Murky Divers, Headliners, Kletka, etc.
Kann man mal mehrere Tage mit seinen Kumpels zocken. Ganz lustig, manchmal echte Lacher gehabt.
Top
boh, figo
sold my friend for a statue
Fun and scary time for a group of friends
if only i had friends :(
but seriously tho, this game is peak
i am wobot
yes
Monsters hate capitalism, and I respect that, but I still gotta pay rent.
This game is actually a masterpiece. spend half the time screaming and the other half tripping over furniture, flinging priceless items, and blaming your friends for everything. 10/10.
i have not once lasted more than 10 seconds in the shop when lethal weapons are present for sale
Robot hochet lut!
600$
Juegazo
Overall, the game experience is awesome, but I wish there were an open server for multiplayer so we could play not only with friends but also with other people around the world.
MUY BUENO GENTE, MUY GRACIOSO PARA JUGAR CON AMIGOS Y CAGARSE DE RISA
good game fun game
Voice chet ftw
Very good and fun game
TTS Simulator
36 11 10
Funny
fk this ngr game
So fun and so scary and can get you laughing so hard!
Jeux bien jouer entre une de vie infinie, il faut juste deux amis et c'est parti pour toute la nuit. Ce jeu promet de grandes choses sa Cependant, j'attends de nouvelles de nouveaux mods et plus de au fur et mesure des niveaux. De plus, le shop pourrait proposer produits selon de la partie ; avec ces modifications, cela pourrait propulser ce jeu au sommet. Gros point positif pour le match mort la fin : je trouve le concept trop bien, cela permet de les comptes une fois que nous sommes tous morts.
Enfin, ce jeu est avoir dans sa car prometteur et surtout,
Yeah
gra, drzwi do pokoju i w twarz z shotguna mi dodatkowy odbyt na czole
good game
the best clips of my life and all was laughs
i screamed so loud i hurt my throat the next day- great game will play more
aq
Lethal Comp gameplay meets Content Warning enemies
WW
10/10, 10/10.
This is an amazing game, curently lacking some content but has amazing potential
10/10 already addicted
la mera mera nomi
pra caralho de bem feitinho e simples
10 10
Funny Spooky Violent.
sex
10/10
JUEGAZO GOTY
Funny game with friends
10 10
apesar do jogo ser de terror, da pra rir bastante com amigos.
this game is insanely fun with friends that goof around the clips you get are great as well
one of the most best games if played
so funny and has to be up there with game of the year
I LOVE IT
[EDIT]: MADE IT PAST LEVEL 10 ON THE 4TH DAY OF PLAYING THIS! going to see how far we can go now lol
don't be fooled by the troll cover image, it's the most fun game i've played in a hot minute! better with full lobby but still enjoyable with at least 3 people. so many good laughs and heart-palpitating moments but its really not that scary! just adrenaline rush vibes if you get what i mean. can't seem to beat level 7 but we'll get there eventually.
yes good game
Bellissimo troppo divertente con gli amici ma anche da solo e divertente lo consiglio tantissimo lo potete anche giocare offline
Me encanta
yes
Me he inmolado mientras mis amigos huyen de mi 10/10
-comprei o jogo pra 2 amigo meu
-jogamos os jogo
-depois de um tempo meu amigos me mataram infinita vezes sem motivo
-achei um gurpo desse jogo no discord
-joguei com os cara do grupo
-depois de um tempo eles me jogaram de um buraco e me jogaram de um lugar alto e morri de queda
10/10
Been a while since I last puckered so hard I formed diamonds.
sucks many balls, play lethal or anything else. Movement feels clunky, the gameplay loop is boring and slow, the maps look dark but just bland and the rejoin after disconect isnt even in the game
l
gioco per minus
rth
Do it!
fun fun fun
Genuine fun! Must have solid friend group though :)
The game is an awesome mix of hilarious and scary! My friends and I haven't laughed so hard in our lives and then a few seconds later screamed bloody mary. That being said, this is early access so the content is still lacking in some areas but I am sure it will only improve.
There aren't too many maps yet so it can get kinda repetitive, but again this will hopefully be remedied with future updates! So far we haven't had any bugs to speak of aside from maybe getting locked out of a level due to having our treasure destroyed. That only happened once though and we figured out how to avoid that from happening again!
The Physics in the game can be a bit wonky but the learning curve isn't too bad. Just takes some practice.
FUNNY
compre e se divirta com os amigos, mas grite alto.
Spooky explosions, funny ducks, and eyeballs touching me recommend 10/10
dark souls version of lethal company
if someone drops a item valued more than 2k you should sacrifice them to the taxman
10/10
j'ai le vase plusieurs reprises
Funny, scary game just like lethal company love it very fun
gud
Trust The Taxman (TTT).
Divertido y entretenido
So good game However, the NPCs definitely have their quirks. It's quite amusing to see them crawling under furniture and getting stuck on interior details. For instance, the frogs performing somersaults during their attacks is a spectacle to behold! They sometimes flip over when they bump into something, and then they just lay there for a couple of seconds, swaying on their backs.
- 180 10 10
Banger Game. Also duck is best boy.
very good
Bis jetzt das beste Spiel 2025, das man mit Freunden zocken kann. Die Mischung aus Teamarbeit, Horror und witzigen Details macht es zu einem richtig unterhaltsamen Game.
REPO REPO HELL YEAH REPO REPO I LIKE REPO HELL YEAH REPO MY LIFE HELL YEAH REPO MY LOVE REPOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO HELLLLLLLL YEAAAAAAAAH
Yes.
better than lethal company
-
absolute gem, Solid gameplay, hilarious AF, and way more fun than you'd expect. let the banner fool you it do justice to how good this game actually is. Highly recommend it
great game but fuck the gnomes, skelebomba and the rugrat pos
na starego i snajpera
literally almost died while laughing IN A HORROR GAME HAHAHAHAHA
U SHOULD BUY IT ASAP IF U HAVE FRIENDS
killed a baby
10/10
You spawn with your friend, go into an abbandoned house to loot, an old man follows you with a shootgun and kills you and your friend giving you all jumpskare.
would recommend 10/10 game expirience 10/10 fun
Fun game to play with friends
Only thing I dislike a bit, its that when you respawn you only get 1 hp which is kinda difficult at least when we want to play with our brains off
Among us
You can break da gnomes.
7 palabras:
ESENCIA
4
4
2.0 <3
Zajebista giera, czekam na update
pretty freakin' fun and enjoyable, especially with friends. just gotta get past what the preview of the game looks like and it's perfect.
polecam
its hilarious and so much fun to play!
ok the game idea, and gameplay is great. but for some strange ass reason THE LAG IS UNBEARABLE I play on a relatively good pc, i can run games like gta or whatever with 0 issues, infact this game is the only one ive ever rn into any issues with, lmk if you have a solution, i turned all my graphics to the bottom and it crashed, so idk man
mexicanos q quieran jugar. ?
un jeu de golmon = jeu de
sympa, surtout plusieurs;
bean. bean get hit, small bean, throw bean off the map
the most funny multiplayer game ever. also has the best physics
mi co chwile kolege
Would be nice to have an easier mode. Its not a game for messing around as you have to reset each time your team die, but it is an entertaining game none the less.
This game is equally scary and stupidly hilarious. LOVE IT! Especially love that you can pickup your team mates and throw them places.like in the toilet XD
Very good fun with friends
friend gave the game to me so we could play it
so far it's been great. it feels like it has a "designed" jankiness with the physics that is more charming than intrusive
the only problem i've had is that the game has a tendency to stutter slightly fairly often
i have good thoughts if this game get upgrades. prefer reduced stamina upgrades
worse lethal company tbh
Funnier version of lethal company, Scare factor could be better but otherwise a really good game
Amazing
30
not good at all
This game is fun to play and I enjoy it but I keep on getting freezing and lag from the game, Also it like crashes a lot more than usual. You can definitely tell this is an early access game. It just becomes annoying to play when there's issues that make the game harder to play.
MAKS YEBAN
lethal company, 3,
Je suis devenu skibidi toilette
Dieses Spiel ist sehr lustig un will meine eier lecken.
uwu
II,
better than lethal cumpany
slightly worse prime lethal company imo
This game having 'Overwhelmingly Positive' reviews just proves that the overall IQ of the community is at an all-time rock bottom.
hehe
player characters are so cute :3
100 10.
Do not buy if you do not have friends to play with. And most of the comments seem fake I requested a refund see what happens.
_\_/_
/| |\
Me when I see see a cup
_
Me when I see a frog hold knives
10/10 great game with friends
They've aced this so much the concept is great and ticks so many more boxes that others in this genre doesn't so many laughs in such a short time. Developers look like real genuine people who seem to care about their followers opinions. Really hope they don't drop this game. Great game Semiwork!
yes
repo el skiedi le caca
Best funny horror game of the year
Loving R.E.P.O so far! I played a much yet, but I can already see myself playing a lot more. definitely best played with makes things way easier, and just fun working together.
One of my favourite things about the game is the character design and animation. The little robot characters are so cute and goofy, and I love how their eyes dart around. The way their mouths move in voice chat adds an extra layer of goofiness.
The enemies can be really tough at times, but I think more on me for not fully knowing what each one does yet. sure with more playtime, learn how to handle them better and find new ways to avoid them.
Overall, if looking for a silly and fun co-op experience, R.E.P.O is definitely worth trying out.
GOTY
fantastic, funny, tense game. great with friends. i think i prefer it to lethal company. although LC has got mods. Just hope this game has longevity
My friends and I decided to try out R.E.P.O. last night and I can honestly say it was some of the most fun we've had with a game in a very long time. It's kind of like Lethal Company in the sense you control your minions hunting for treasure while avoiding monsters and other "surprises" but I will say that the extras that REPO has in it made the game highly enjoyable from start to finish.
Being able to interact with some of the objects and while "carrying" them to your cart, some of the objects have some absolutely hilarious effects to your character, your voice or those around you. By far my favorite was the HourGlass with the voice changing effect. Watching your teams characters mouths pop up and down as well as watching their eyes move in relation to where they are looking was genius.
I applaud the devs for what they've brought to the table so far and this game has SO MUCH potential. From the sound of it, community mods will likely be supported which is a HUGE WIN for the community that has already fallen in love with this game. I love the idea of match making where teams can maybe go up against other teams in a race against finishing first, maybe a last man standing death match, there's just so many ideas I can think of for match making, objects effects on players, etc. that this game could have. Having mimics/dopplegangers would also be hilarious much like LC has in a mod.
Overall, I highly recommend this game. Being able to play with more than 4 people is a huge plus. Get this game, support the devs and I can't wait for more updates for this game as they come.
This game is basically if you took lethal company and then just turned up the silliness to max LOL I love the fact that you can talk in text to speech and make yourself really small, all while trying to hide from monsters. The ambience is definitely creepy and makes you wonder if the sounds you are hearing is a monster or just the environment. Like many have said about this game, It's just a better lethal company to be honest. 10/10 Love the silliness and playing with friends even if we break alot of things and one of your teammates feels immense anxiety because of it LOL
Signed, Your friendly R.E.P.O Robot :)
We were jumped by a gang of gnomes, Blasted by a blind gunman, and attacked by a flying acidic jaw. 10/10 bought it for group leader.
keep the banner as it is
Worth every dollar. Well, I didn't pay for it. Still would of bought it anyways.
360 11 10
its a very silly game and way less scary than lethal company. still funny and a little spooky but easier for me to handle as someone with anxiety
3
This could be as big or bigger than Lethal Company as long as the devs keep the game fresh
Game is genius, so many good ideas which makes this game fun with friends
Yes
on hyve
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
I FUCKING LOVE SMASHING GNOMES WITH THE BRO :kingknight:
Best game a have played
Yes.
Great game
This game is so fun! I love this game (we cant stop screaming)
This game is by far one of the funnest games to play with friends. Running around looking for valuables while playing as goofy robots with bug eyes just makes this horror game seem a little less scary and more for comedic purposes i think the mix of the goofiness of the player models and the intensity of the game play clash perfectly
Muz
Hodne
11 10
muy bueno
I see the appeal but I'd stick to lethal company instead as that game covers all I'd need out of this kind of game.
Also lack of being able to play with random people is a big bummer. I heard devs are working hard to make big patch very soon though that should cover this.
The game mentioned earlier has also all sorts of mods to stir the game up in fun ways content wise. This is a very fresh take and I love how everything is somewhat physics oriented.
It can be called burn out or just lack of interest in another early access game that will get slow development cycle sooner or later.
Visuals and sound are on point though. Wish it had matchmaking of sorts or just server browser.
JUEGAZO
This game is really a joy to play with buddies and I think it has great potential.
es ist serh cool aber ich habe keine freunde mit den ich das spielen kan
11/10
Good game, but it just needs matchmaking. I don't have any friends to play it with, so it'd be nice if you'd add that.
i got put in a toilet 10/10 great game
Very sigma game with friends and without.
Amazing game i recomende it cant wait for updates
BUT devs pls change the stupid emoji as the banner its misleading and almost made me not want to play it
peam
If you love games that turn into absolute chaos with friends, R.E.P.O. is a must-play. repo agents trying to grab stuff and get out, but thanks to goofy physics and terrible teamwork, it never goes as planned. get stuck in doorways, launch furniture out of windows, and probably spend more time laughing than actually playing.
stupid, fun, and perfect for messing around with friends. 10/10 would accidentally throw my teammate into a toilet again.
he's behind me isn't he
este juego es una basura por la del pato de mierda que a hijo de puta se le programar
esta bueno y se puede jugar de 6
really fun to play with friends
i mean, you really need some friends to enjoy the game
Nice game
Best horror extraction game ive played. buy it if you are more into laughing and having fun with friends than just getting scared.
Best game ever!
better than lethal company
ADD SEX
Fucking remove the lazer frog
jogo muito bom funny gerou muitos clipes pro tiktok
3
GOTY 20/10 un saludo a la Casa House
Easily one of the funniest horror game i have played with friends. I have like 12 hours in this game already and i cant wait for new updates to release. 10/10
This is everything you want Lethal Company to be! I love how it encourages teamwork and creative problem-solving. Parts of the game felt challenging but never impossible. I hope to see more cosmetics, enemies, and maps in the future, and hopefully a better TTS voice option.
ekibiniz varsa iyi benim gibi bir salak varsa daha bu oyunu kesinlikle
my name is retep and i am evil
haha
es muy divertido jugarlo con amigos mientras te va lag porque tu pc es una mierda y te enteras que tus amigos son homosexuales
pd:no tengo amigos con que jugar
fun as fuck
W
Lethal Company.
Contant Worning LC CW
The most fun you can have with your friends for less than $10!
yes
Basically the better and more fun lethal company (still love lethal company <3)
Caly zarys gry jest fajny i to jak sie w ta gre, gra ze znajomymi i to ze niby nie wydaje sie trudna a czasem jest przez potwory w grze.
dgdfg
99.9%
+
+
+
+
+
+
+
+ 30
+
+
+
- 3
- 8
- 4. 2
-
- 5-12 20
-
-
80%
Ist ein cooles spiel. mann muss einsammeln und dann sind da viele Monster die ein Lieblingsmonster ist der Gnom aber zu viel will ich nicht sagen!
vaya goty puto juegazo
SI FUERA UN NEGRO LO MATARIA
nigga mooooooooo
toilet
Al principio no entendia pero poco a poco lo vas entendiendo se hace superdivertido.
recomiendo jugarlo con min 3 personas. super recomendado
Mais um jogo que bebeu da de lethal company, mas extremamente criativo e bom, conseguindo inovar com suas vejo muito potencial nele se os devs atualizarem frequentemente (diferente de seu primo content warning)
it's always a great time fighting to see who can put each other in the toilet first
ile zevkli bir oyun ne kadar fazla o kadar zevkli olabilir
corri de um velho cego
dei risada dele
ele escuta bem
ele atirou em mim
agachei para desviar
tiro acerta meu amigo
meu amigo morre
CINEMA.
The game is one of if not the best game of 2025 as for now,heres the thing though-its very boring in single player but so fun with friends,but the developers will fix this by adding public servers and oh boy this will be fun i reccomend this game a ton especialy if you have friends to play with.Also the developers have a cute puppy
Laughed a little because my friend died then the old man with the pump shotgun 360 flicked me and instantly killed me. 10/10 game recommended
Quack quack quack.
Perfect co-op experience. You guys are pretty smart game designers
This game is an absolute banger. I would highly suggest it to anyone, as it's REALLY fun to play with friends! I had a blast, and had some hilarious clips already!
52/42
8
Funny AF
This game reminds me of Content Warning, but whit more funny animations and art style.
Very nice game to play with friends and try to survive through the levels.
verry good game and fun
Esse jogo puro cinema, Tem muito potencial pra bater de frente com lethal company.
very good game, even with frequent updates compared to other games!
chate yarrak yazma oyunu
Kuzenim tuvalete girdi ve skbidi toyilete
cool but i really want multiplayer but there is but i mean like u can join different lobbys can u pls make that bec none of my friends have that game but this game is still pretty cool
zevkli bir oyun ama basurdan yiyebilirsiniz
100% ded lox ebani
Only buy if you have friends, LOL
Absolutely love the game. Its genuinely a blast and a fresh pace when it comes to games.
There's only one thing, which i think might be a bug so i'm not going to be like "Bah ruins game bah"
The only creature which seems to be able to hear you and react off it, is the blind man.
The other creatures seem to only hear you whilst you're under a table, but wont attack you as they cant see you, however, they will keep walking around the table, or hiding place youre in if you keep talking, until you stop.
So there really isnt a downside to being loud at the moment.
(i've crouched behind every monster i've encountered so far and yelled with no reaction from them besides the blind man)
Other than that, this game is hilarious. And i love going baby mode and crashing into my friends so i can pick them up and yeet them at the creatures haha.
Been a while since I laughed so hard playing this game with friends
This is hands down the best Lethal Company clone!
iyi cok eglendik gayet guzel
10 10
very fun play with friends
Great game to play with friends and fun even if you die
Literally the best game. Worth it
Fucking Amazing. Finally devs listening to the playerbase also
good game
Fun humor-horror extraction style game. The text to speech adds to the humor. Fun gadgets and tools. More players the better
I have been thrown, shot, blown up, and eaten. My friends have given away my position and got me killed. I have broken more items than i care to admit. I have ran screeming like a little girl. I have screamed so loud i woke my deaf dog. 10/10 would R.E.P.O again
silly and scary at the same time
Als ich und mein Blutsverwandter Bruder dieses spiel gekauft haben einen geregelten preis was sehr das spiel ist haben wir es beide sofort auf unserer Festplatte Heruntergeladen und gestartet. Als der Begann dachten wir uns nix dabei als wir dann einen 3 M Langen breiten Clown Der Hardcore auf LSD Drogen stand als er mir einen tritt durch denn Flur gab weshalb ich Eier flattern Bekam als er seinen Benutzte um einen Laser abzufeuern bekam ich angst und versteckte mich unter einem Tisch mit Schreiendem Hals weshalb er zu mir kam und mir einen 360 kick gab und mich mit einer totes Explosion mich erneut aber tot durch denn Flur schoss weshalb mein Bruder Lachte aber Danach realisierte das der Clown zu ihm kam um ihn auch eine tracht zu erteilen als er auch Schluss Endlich starb gab ich ihn als Rache auch einen 360 schlag mit einem Hammer was ihn weg fliegen lies weshalb ich denn Kampf der Losers gewann und mit einer Krone belohnt wurde was mich sehr gefreut hat
Ich empfehle es jeden mit freunde um euch Nieder Metzeln zu 10/10
South Park + Android = Repo
bobot
R.E.P.O A good game it is really best for multiplayer, to be honest. This game is worth the money and fame it has. Me and my friend played for a while. This is a teamwork makes the dreamwork type of game.
FUNNY ASS GAME
Es bueno el juego y mas si juegas con amigos
a really graet game with a lot of potential if you have good friend to play with
10 10
R.E.P.O
R.E.P.O
Love the game, but the shotgunner is a "little" overpowered. Thank you for this awesome game.
ist ganz ok
funny android
Most fun I've had in a game since the Lethal Company hype died down! The proximity chat, physics, and character appearances themselves makes this game funny and enjoyable.
Absolute cinema
nice
Great game, definitely recommend
Game of the week
absolute cinema 10\10
god
best "lethal clone" to date
I thought this was a funny game. Then I went into the basement and scarred myself forever
Absolute banger of a game. Better lethal company.
Super fun game with friends!
Many $
really fun, i have 1 hp got hit by a bag of money and dead.
ou yeah the only real problem is the soft lock(unable to finish the game) when we accidentally destroy the item during extraction.
bao
ok
4 $20.000
In all honesty, I wasn't going to play R.E.P.O. at first, with the emoji banner and this game being Lethal Company-like, I sighed and almost scrolled away at another clone, then I realized it was Semiworks that is making the game and instantly bought it, I love you and trust you guys since Voidigo. Then I convinced my friends and we started having a blast, this game is genuinly fun.
I mostly laugh with friends. but after several hours i cry when i get no scoped by the blind guy.
VERY VERY FUNNY GAME
fun game positive its a game that puts ya' on your toes and very fun with friends an deacently scary alone but not alot id say this game is the best out of lethal and content if you desagree ' then put a thumbsdown ' if you agree put a thumbs up
Really good and fun games to play with friends
PIOLA
game is like every other lethal-like. What they nailed is the presentation, this game is so funny to mess around in. For the first time in what feels like I decade, playing this game with friends had me laughing so hard I thought I was going to throw up
s
Nachdem ich und mein Blutsverwandter Bruder dieses Videospiel in unserer Bibliothek haben, stellten wir heraus das das Spiel unsere Eier zu flattern gebracht hat, und ich mir aus versehen mein linken Hoden abgerissen habe. habe ich einen epischen Kampf gegen einen vermutlich auf LSD Trip Clown und er ein schwarzes Kind misshandelt hat. Habe ich einen tritt eingesteckt, Und ich flog durch den Raum und explodierte wie ein Saudi Araber, habe ich einen Ausraster bekommen und hab mein Bruder im Kampf in den Loch des Todes mit einer Glock 17 ich Armed and Dangerous von King von gesungen habe.
Ich Empfehle euch auch dieses Spiel mit Leidenschaft zu zulegen. 10/10
Game is funny and scary and unique but please change banner for the game
The only game where you can get sniped by a blind guy for laughing at him falling down stairs. 10/10
4
12 10
the tax man made me piss myself
i walk into the game, my friend grabs me and throws me into a monster.and i die, 10\10
Love the game goofy ping just a little bad but great game.
This is better then lethal company. This game knows how to scare you and make you laugh one of my favourites with friends and people on the discord server. The physics in the game are very good with the game play being very fun. The upgrades and items you can get in the shop are very good since they can have an big impact on the game this makes this one of the best co-op horror games in 2025.
9/10
Hilarious game.
The character mouth movements when you speak just add to the immersion and humour.
Text to speech shouldn't be as funny as it is, and the monster variety was surprisingly good.
The physics really add to the tension, such as having to make sure the valuables aren't in a monsters path, or just being delicate with them.
My only issue is that missions don't end if you run out of valuables. I've been told you can kill monsters for quota.
But I'd rather the game start that 10 second countdown and murder me.
15
cagarte de risa de ver como tu amigo es perseguido por un homunculo, un espermatozoide shiny y una monja catolica extremista?
Este juego es para vos. y tu amigo el
10/10
THIS GAME IS SO FUCKING FUNNY I ME AND MY FRIENDS JUST YELL AT EACH OTHER
200
I had friends, now I have none.
10/10. Will play it again after making more friends.
learn how to move a piano up the stairs with friends
10 10
fun
Good
juegazo muy divertido
I like throwing my friend in holes
such a blast to play by yourself or with other people would spend the money for this game over and over again well worth it. only thing that would be better is if it was controller compatiable but its still a blast
tried to knock my friend out by doing the tumble jump thing i missed and jumped though the vase they where holding so they decided to grab me and to threaten to drop me into the hole as they held me above it and i ended up saying they wouldnt ect so they threw me down killing me
grate game would play again ^ 10/10
dac vrei sa te caci joacate jocul acesta
great game, fun game to play with dumb friends especially if numerous amount of you play, not a hard game to understand or play and a perfect amount of balanced in terms of horror and funny
pas evident quand t'est amis sont obese et arabe, d'un coter ya 0 objet pcq bah ya des arabe et de 2 ya plus de veissel genr les tasse et tout pcq les mange, nn sah le jeu est bien mais vous fait vie le tour mais cv en SAH comme disent les arabes
360
better than lethal company, gets more fun and harder as u progress too lol
It can take a long time to respawn if you dont understand what the game wants.
To respawn faster make sure everyone focuses on grabbing the dead person(s) head(s) and putting them on the pad with the quota, when you meet a quota the dead players come back. Once we understood that we didn't have to wait for 5 minutes (or 15!) to come back lmao
Only played for 3 hours but compared to Lethal Company it's entirely unique (especially the shop items which are amazing, I love the tiny shopping cart)
Just pure comedy
It was funny
spooky
This game is amazing, I laughed so much while playing.
Cannot wait to see what the future holds for this game!
Nunca dei tanta risada em um jogo igual esse. uma mistura de lethal company com MUITA
Super indico, o jogo roda sem problemas nos piores dos pc's (usando o meu como exemplo kkk)
You can get shot and killed in the shop by your teammates. 10/10 cinema.
Absolutely love this game, its perfectly in line with other "similar" games such as lethal company, content warning, headliners etc and is just ridiculously fun to play with a group of friends
Something about "Lethal Company walked so other games could run" or some shit like that idk
just play the game its p cool
nice game
This game is like Gmod but your friend turned on every nextbot on the map
XD
sigma
great game
pls kill the banner.
thank you
znajomemu
love it
GOTY
You can throw gnomes into a wall. It breaks them. 10/10 do NOT PICK UP THE DUCK
Lachen man
Game is amazing with friends, if you have friends you buy now. If you do not have friends, buy anyway cause game is good.
PLEASE change that banner its so ass
11 10
kjjhgfdss
its definitely a game
orinal sellaa
very good. play game
Got 180'd by a blind man with a gun. great game
g.o.t.y
Ho rapito un mio amico era abbassato e l'ho dato in pasto ad una bestia a 6 gambe.
10/10
its like among us but better
awesome sauce
Very addictive and so so good. But it's not fun solo. It's better to be 5-6 players all the time. <3 <3 <3
10 10
I dont plays games. I've never played games other than a occasional console game. Mostly dredge, or a lego starwars games on the ps2 years ago. My hubby plays games a lot, and for a while, his buddies would play at totally different times than he could. I always felt bad for him. So, it started with a drunk session of lethal company. Then this game comes out, and i watched a few game plays from ttone. I decided i wanted to try. I freaking love it! my hubby and I will be married for 10 years this may. Thank you for making something for us to play together <3
pre chaosu a hororu!
Nikdy som si nemyslel, mojou morou nebude v temnej chodbe, ale sa trezor cez dvere, o 2 cm
R.E.P.O. je presne ten typ hry, kde s no do piatich na aby prestal artefakty po miestnosti, prenasleduje
milujem:
✅ Proximity voice chat ale lebo ste
✅ Fyzika objektov zo schodov s trezorom v Nie, nie je to
✅ a chaotickej je
ma viac ako
si
Ten moment, nesiete predmet a dvere priamo pred nosom.
Ak partiu s chcete momenty (alebo o nervy), toto je hra pre
10/10 11/10
ctrl q
A thrilling and scary experience followed up by the shenanigans of my friend group this game provides a different experience every time you go into a level
sehr funny
Q
super fun game to play with the boys
This game is funny as hell and scary at the same time
A great game to play with friends. Its similar to Lethal Company so if you like those kind of games then buy it. Also very fun to play.
fun asf fr and funny
180 10 10
Bitte helfen sie mir
Ich brauche dringend Hilfe!
singleplayer makes me poopie poops in my pants
multiplayer is solid
12 10
Well made, better with friends
JUEGAZO CRACK
king of penis
400
A great game! Has crashed on me twice while playing with friends, but it didn't stop us from rejoining another lobby and continuing playing. I hope that gets fixed soon; but overall I have no complaints!
best coop experience in modern era
(P.S
W
amazing game its scary but fun i would love for this game too continue updating and i hope they add play with strangers because it would be so easy too meet good people on this game and overall this game is 10/10
10/10
ein Wort reicht zu sagen: Perfekt
Divertente ma anche inquietante, non vedo l'ora delle mod
good
180
The game's great but some enemies need more distinct and loud sounds, they are too quiet and sometimes you accidentally run right into them, it can be fun at first but eventually gets annoying. There are also some bugs with physics, but it doesn't happen often enough to complain. It would be nice if they were fixed though!
me and my friends make a horrible moving company
Yeah just dont bother playing the game unless you literally have all 6 people. Once you die, perma spectate. definitely not casual gamer friendly at all
very funny and scary
ZZ
-
Buenazo
Faltan tetas
?
+rep
ta gra jet fajna postrawiam struwcus r.o.p.a
icl ts gas it dsnt pmo fr
Lit
this game is indeed fire, tho that smile emoji still disturbs me
funny game
VAC BAN.
R.E.P.O has completely blown me away.
I can honestly say it's some of the most fun I've had gaming in ages. From the moment I jumped in, I was hooked.
What really makes it shine is the multiplayer experience. Playing with friends takes the game to a whole new level of hilarious chaos and teamwork. We've spent hours strategizing, laughing at each other's blunders, and celebrating our victories. It's the perfect game for a group looking for a fun, engaging, and endlessly replayable experience.
Every hour I've spent in has been a joy. The gameplay is addictive, the world is engaging, and the opportunities for creating moments with friends are endless.
I'm already eagerly anticipating future updates! The developers clearly have a passion for this game, and I can't wait to see what new content and features they bring to the table.
If you're looking for a game that's both incredibly fun and perfect for playing with friends, look no further.
You won't be disappointed!
10/10.
can anybody teach me how to play this game?
negro
this is a really well made (and funny) game and the voice chat system is DEFINITELY one of the biggest highlights.
Juegazo, pero creo que mis amigos van a querer mandar un sicario. 10/10
30 Bin olan etrafa 6 Bine kadar kadroma buradan ve sevgilerimi iletiyorum. harika oyun.
I drank a thing called the love potion and now i woke up tied up to a chair.
10 10
goat
Best game of the year
nice
AHHH MNE PLOHO
hella fun
something's pressing
The weird emoji thumbnail thing makes it look like shit, hope they rebrand that, but the game itself is actually fun as all hell. One of the best I've played of this genre. Most of these games just feel like they're chasing Lethal Company's success, but this is much, much better than the clones.
This game is so fun! I've played it with a friend and its so funny to just get killed and run around screaming! Highly recommend if you wanna play a game which will make you laugh so much your stomach hurts :)
This game is wicket B]
Really fun game but they should add so you can join other people without invite (:
ahhh
mmmm
silly lil guys.
you repo what you sow
sperm cell possesed me
muy gracioso. te lo pasas pipa
Busco gente para jugar estoooooo, manden solicitudddddd
i hid in a bath tub for 10 mins
such a fun game
A perfect spin on the Lethal company bases and cooked to perfection good balance of goofy and gamer play just when you need to clutch for the whole team or get it done for the progress Wonderful 100/100 tbh.
great game
-
-
P.s:
JUEGAZO LO RECOMIENDO 100/100% (siempre y cuando tengas un amigo)
99999/10, had tons of fun with friends
es ist ein sehr gutes spiel aber die monster sind sehr op
Single-player mode is kind of useless when you would usually play this with friends, though it is a good way to prepare a save-file for your friends in the future. other than that there is nothing really that bad with the game in its current state, so go give it a try if you haven't already
game is funny asf plus im not circumcised!
si
GOTY del si que si!
Game of the year
silly and good
goty :)
This game is absolutely hilarious and chaotic in the best way possible!
This game is so good best co-op horror game of the year Goty
Lethal Company
LO AMO
This game is supposed to be a horror BTW. 10/10
The true meaning of R.E.P.O is actually: Reevaluate Everything Per Objective.
"this game gives off some scaaary vibes, tis not for the weak minded" - John
GREAT GAME
o roberto nesse jogo, logo uma masterpiece
69
5th game and i got brutally buttfucked by 2 men, peak, 10/10
good
I love watching my friends get me killed or shatter thousands of dollars in one flick of their mouse.
I haven't played much so far but from what I have played this is an amazing and fun game. I will say that the banner does NOT do it justice as I saw this around the time it came out and it made me think it was going to be an awful game, so I didn't get it when I first saw it but I went and checked out some content about it and eventually did decide to get it because the banner has next to nothing to do with the game. Anyway this game is really fun and I highly highly recommend you grab a few friends to bring along with you because this game is not great solo
100% recommend to play this game with your friends, the looting system is super fun. enemies are all good and have their own unique traits. Game has so much potential. definitely worth the $10.
funny game try it with your friends!
People who say this is like lethal company, hell nah this is scarier than lethal company, cause why the HELL DO I HAVE A BLIND MAN FALLING DOWN THE STAIRS AND WHEN I LAUGHED IT SHOT ME with zero reaction time.
Side note: 10/10 game would recco
gmod physic gun fiziklerini fizik sistemi ve baya o
Effet de mode j'avoue ne pas fan et trouver sa drole 1h apres c vite lassant
Its super fun and funny with friends
sosi xui
Jeux incroyable du fun a gogo bravo au dev pour cette masterclass
change the banner for the love of gaawwwd
sigma game. friend put mine on me. i explode. me die.
Press T to chat: the most abysmal chat conversation i've ever had
kyky
Super Spiel ABER wieso kann man nicht speichern?
Ich versteh nicht warum man solche Fun Games schwer gestaltet
The most thought out game of 2025. I have 25hrs of gametime and me and my friends are still discovering new stuff about this game. Current version is 0.1.1 and I cannot wait for it to be fully released.
@semilogic Thank you guys for this masterpiece!
dingz
Get the game. Play game.
0\10
Great game! Not gonna lie my friends and I had a very great time.
,m,m,m,m,m,m,m,m
4
guys i'm scared :(
Love this game! I like that some of the objects you need to collect are interactive and change your voice or the way you move! My only complaint is that sometimes the monsters will linger far too long, making some rounds take forever and feel impossible. While fun trying to evade the monsters, if you are a dead teammate, you can sometimes be waiting an excruciating amount of time to keep playing.
Not gonna lie this game was a blast to play. It has a good balance of horror tension when you notice something coming towards you from the darkness to unsettle you to comedic moments like watching one of the monsters fall down a set of stairs or falling into a hole filled with acid. Definitely recommend picking this game up it's pretty well polished for a game in early access and runs really good
Fun game to play with friends
REPO is one of many games like Lethal Company, it seems like just an ordinary clone from the start until you've spent a few hours in it. If you want a more Lethal-esque experience REPO is the clone for you. It's very similar to Lethal Company yet it has a higher potential because of how this game is set up. Like all Lethal Company clones you can team up with your friends and go into a new location, but unlike all the rest of them you are a Robot with a text-chat voice or you can use your mic. REPO gives the players two more challenges than Lethal Company does; 1. To extract your loot you have to find the extraction Vacuums around the map, the first one is always next to your Van, and 2. Your Loot is Fragile, very fragile Handle it with care (Even the eldritch abominations walking through the map like to break your loot).
Please keep in mind that at the time of writing this review the game is only about 2 weeks old, but it has a lot of potential already.
I love REPO its the best Lethal Company Clone because not only is it like lethal company but the loot can break while you're repossessing it from these random Houses. Get chased around the houses by a floating head, an alien, or have a bunch of little Gnomes break your loot (you can throw them). If you or your friends die pick up there head and throw it into your cart, when you extract enough loot the Taxman will repair their robot body.
If you're into Modding games, REPO supports mods. If you love REPO as much as I do, check out the mod packs on Thunderstore Mod Manager, here is the mod pack I use: 01957156-0fa9-638b-f26f-54c9c64ed6eb (just import/update a profile and paste in this code). *mod pack code updated 3/7/2025 11:01*
How many stamina upgrades can i have?
10/10 would recommend the fried rice has wok hei and perfectly seasoned
highly recommend to play with a natural born grief-er
very horable gameplay cause of stupid screaming mates with damaged brain. I like it.
reg it pls
i fuckin died
funny AF
Very fun with friends but super duper scary when alone (not clickbait, free v bucks, gone sexual)
Shit's fire.
Actual skill needed to get far in the game.
Better than Lethal Company.
It's fun to watch and the mechanics of this game are great, I love everything about how this game actually runs and how I can throw my friends about and goof around while working towards a goal. Just not the whole roguelike aspect.
Easy games typically aren't fun, sure, but roguelikes have always felt like a cheap way to make an otherwise easy game difficult. At least that's my opinion on them, or at least the ones I've tried
Stupid gnomes
Genuinely a better lethal company
10 10
One of the best horror games i played so far. I would appreciate more maps and more monsters. Otherwise a great game
Good game play with friend
"What was that!?"
*Click BOOM*
-Death-
Pure cinema. 10/10
like lethal company but with physics and its pretty funny
10/10
Amazing horror game. would like to have a matchmaking lobby heard they were gonna make one.
dont have any friend to play with tho ;(
11
its very feinious skibidi but in a good way
Well, really fun with friends.
Incroyable pour rigoler avec vos meilleurs amis. Si vous en avez pas bah c'est dommage
EGE OYUNU AL ARTIK
pretty darn good game
Not just the next lethal, its new and fun
Ignore the pretty awful banner, game is incredibly addictive and hilarious, same concept as Lethal Company but executed much better personally.
Might even be the best co-op horror game of the year so far.
Juegazo pero los robots no pueden pronunciar la
cheap and fun
A very interesting game, funny and scary at times, play only with friends )
?
guffy
gaem good
very fun!
Hola queres cagarte de risa con tus amigos un rato?, te presento R.E.P.O o simulador de Peru para los amigos. En este maravilloso juego vas a tener que cagarte a puteadas con tus porque son todos unos inutiles que siempre rompen algo, ademas de todos los bichos, items, etc que hay son bastantes divertidos por las fisicas del juego. Si se quedan con bronca con alguno, al final cuando pierden se van a poder cagar a trompadas en un espacio con los items que se le cante
Its a fun and amazing game! so worth the money!
jest psychoza jak najbardziej
I wouldn't have given a single euro to this game, I had seen some videos and in the end yesterday I decided to buy it, I spent 3 hours with my friends crying with laughter, the best 10 euros spent on steam
R.E.P.O
Ce jeux est une a moin de 10e il est grave entre potes et terrifiant quand ils meurent tous est en solo c'est un vrai
Chaque parti son unique et quand on regard les des autres joueur on remarque qu'ils on des monstre qu'on connais pas encore l'existence et inversement.
Putain enfin un jeux ou pas besoin de changer les touches.
Bonne chances a tout ceux qui voudrons tester le jeux.
[b] Lethal Company Lethal Company. [/b]
Damn this good
Excellent jeu coop. similaire a Lethal Company en plus comique. Le jeu va avoir besoin d'un matchmaking pour le coop online par contre car actuellement si vous n'avez pas d'amis qui possede le jeu. Vous allez devoir y jouer solo.
10 10
Very much appreciate being able to play with more than 4 players without mods
JAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAJAJA
Amazing game. Great Laughs 100000/10
so fun
This game is tons of fun with friends
i shit myself laughing from how my friends and i are dying
7
Otistik birlikte level 2'yi bulana kadar real hayatta 3 koca ve sonunda rastgele bir bulduk. Bunun oyun maymun varsa daha da oluyor.
Taxman is a fun character, but man, change the games banner, it'll do wonders for that first impression. The game absolutely rocks.
Worth the $10 for fun with friends. I've spent more on a disappointing fast food meal
Very Recommended
good boy game uwu
Good Game
This is an awesome game to play with mates especially with how easy it is to use. the use of in game mics is hilarious especially dealing with enemies who can hear you. it's also a very cheap for a multiplayer game with unique style.
I wish it would allow up to 8 people and look forward to even more maps and enemies possibly being added into this game.
400
Recently got a PC and got this game for something to play. Me and the boys are full of laughs and joy before losing and expressing our anger by trying to be the king of the losers. Funny moments sprinkle the game play making it fun all around
Juegazo
Finally a opponent for Lethal company!
The modding scene will be Legendary!
ce jeu est in croy able, hilarant, flippant, c parfait
shits fun twin
really fun game, cant wait for more updates!
holy cannoli, best game ever, i had the most fun time, :)
Fuck it
xueta
"1/2"
muito bom e
10/10 agarre un pato
ts tuff
Funny ass fuck
Had more fun in the tutorial than the recent Lethal Company updates, ignore the terrible artwork. Game is solid.
good game funny
no open lobbies
good to play with friends
very cool game
:steamhappy:
Q
i-it's behind me, isn't it?
Amazing game
GOOD GOOD GAME
h
2
game hay, vui ra map
unfair
100% would recomend for group games scary monsters, loot, and exploding robots what else is really needed
marrant, les animations des personnages rendent le jeu vraiment puis le chat vocal de est bien.
oynamak isteyen eklesin
Probs funniest character design in a while
Better version of Lethal Company, And just in BETA. Love the "No time limit"
Super fun I hope that more stuff keeps being added
lol
Ahhhhh ouioui jouez ce jeu, en des mises jours sur le long terme pour qu'il continue de vivre
10 10
1
Very sigma game to fuck around with friends in
Gooood
10 10
Seit dem Ich dieses Spiel vor dem Schlafen gehen spiele, habe Ich keine Schlaf-Paralysen mehr
2.0
I am so skrunkly
Blind man blew tf out of me, would recommend 10 out of 10
10 10
A clown shot an insta-kill laser at me, a flying fish threw up on me and a kid yoinked me. A great experience.
Muito bom o jogo! Primeiro que os monstros possuem suas o que muita quando aprende qual qual. A dos itens a serem coletados e a forma de levar cada um ao ponto adiciona um desafio extra!
O principal problema que acaba aparecendo nas partidas quando tesouros suficientes para completar o Isso aconteceu mais quando sobraram os itens grandes que sobreviveram o transporte em equipe (eu diria que girar um que nem blayblade uma boa ideia pessoal). Acabamos levando softlock por isso e tivemos que reiniciar tudo. Uma de respawn de itens seria
E claro, meu amigo levou um tiro na por ter teclado 10/10.
-
10 OUTTA 10 need a group to play with
So funny. Alot of fun. Similar to Leathal company.
This game has a lot of potential.
It is extremely fun to play with friends!
i like to play this game with my bf and our friends!
funny
um jogo muito bom, um amigo me convidou pra jogar com ele e me mandou uma gameplay do Alanzoka pra me convencer a comprar, eu tava meio receoso que nunca tinha comprado um jogo na Steam antes, mas realmente me surpreendeu. Se em ainda, baixe sem medo vai valer a pena, principalmente se tiver muita gente pra jogar com vai render muita e boas risadas
Though the game banner and profile looks weird and more like a cash grab this game is amazing with friends this game is so much fun and can make you laugh and shit yourself at the same time.
the icon is goofy tho
360
10/10
Lethal Company.
-
Content Warning.
-
jogo bom do krl, mesmo sozinho ele bom por dar mais medo mas com amigos de dar medo extramamente espero que venha muitas updates novas pra esse game.
g
MAKE SURE YOU GO FOR A SHIT BEFORE PLAYING, SHOULD BE A WARNING IN THE GAME
The game is insane
The elites don't want you to know this but the ducks in this game are free money you can just extract them I have extracted 458 ducks
This game is Lethal Company but even better.
The fact that you can pickup items and actually destroy them if your not being careful is a great concept Combine that with pure chaos when you encounter an enemy and you'll end up having a great time playing. It's an absolute blast to play, but make sure you bring some friends. I would definetly recommend it.
The funniest shit i've ever played. Worth the price 10/10
the guy with shotgun is so fucking op
LOVE ITTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
a fantastic take on the genre, just wish the emoji banner and cover art are replaced to properly show what the game is about
This game is semi sicc and semi thicc omg, what a fun experience for 6 people to just running around yelling to a sudden shift of silence due to a mob coming through the room. Def recommend for those who embrace or recoil at spookier games. Trust, it aint that spooky, dont let the creepy smiley face trailer deceive you!
Stupidest game playing with friends. Really recommend playing it with friends cuz it's so sily
10
nice <3
change the banner
Good game and we need more mobs and maps
fUN AND SIMPLE
11 10
Me encanto, ideal para jugar con sus amigos y tener momentos de risas.
The game is hilarious! Bless the developer for making this such a funny, cute, and easy-to-play game.
Lethal Company but better with a hilarious physics based system and funny looking playermodels
besser als Monster Hunter
It is Peak
10/10
never laughed harder at a game in my life
btw this is just better lethal company
Nota: "Correr certo. dar mais"
R.E.P.O. um daqueles jogos que te ilude bonito. Tu pensa que vai entrar pra fazer um servicinho pegar umas coisinhas e sair. mas quando com o batendo no falando baixinho igual quem com medo de acordar a
A ideia simples: tu e cinco amigos trabalham pra uma artificial misteriosa que quer saber do lucro dela. O trabalho? Invadir lugar pegar uns objetos valiosos e sair de fininho. O problema que tem umas criaturas dentro que gostam de visita.
Proximidade de Voz
Aqui onde o jogo te pega no pulo. Se tu falar alto demais ou respirar fundo, o bicho escuta. efeito bonito, o monstro realmente vem pelo som. O jogo te obriga a ficar na cochichando com os amigos como se estivesse planejando assaltar a venda do Seu
O mais que sempre tem um cabra que se apavora e a rir na hora errada. sabe: "Perdeu, playboy!".
Melhorias e Armas
Depois de suar mais que tampa de panela, tu ganha um dinheirinho pra comprar uns upgrades. O problema que o que vende essas melhorias mais sovina que que tranca o biscoito no Ele chama de "generosidade", mas a verdade que desconto se tu estiver com o na cova.
Realista
O jogo tem realista que vezes parece que foi feito pra te lascar. Se tu tentar carregar um piano ou uma cadeira, o objeto mais que jegue sem freio. Qualquer coisinha que cair no faz o maior chamando o bicho de longe.
Aqui o lema "Se sabe carregar, empurrando!".
Medo + Risada = Parceria que Presta
O ponto forte do jogo essa mistura de terror com zoeira. Tu vai se borrar de medo em um minuto e no outro vai rindo porque o amigo deixou cair uma e saiu correndo mais que ruim.
Veredito Final
R.E.P.O. um jogo que testa tua tua amizade e a do teu Se tu gosta de sentir aquele friozinho na barriga enquanto se racha de rir com os amigos, vale muito a pena.
Pontos Positivos ✅
Ambiente de terror na medida certa
Chat por proximidade que deixa tudo mais tenso
divertida (e ao mesmo tempo)
Bom pra jogar em grupo
Pontos Negativos ❌
Melhorias muito caras
Os monstros mais ouvido que fofoqueiro de
Prejudica amizades (mas de um jeito bom)
Nota Final:
8.9/10 "Vale a pena. se tu tiver problema de
very well executed. the voice changing and text to speak are icing on the top of a very fun game
shoutout muhleek
i was pleasantly surprised by this game.
fun with many people, can get challenging!
-
Willst du wirklich wissen, wie tollpatschig deine Freunde sind?
Dann ist das genau der Indie dich!
peak
chocolate cheesecake
10 10
10 10
imba
10razbitih vaz iz 10
very silly and if you like lethal company i highly recommend :>
Is funny scary games fun play solo BUT more fun play with friends. I like this game
good game but shitty banner art
add sex
people recommending this over lethal company are delusional
game is slow, overwhelmingly punishing for mistakes
monsters have basically zero audio cues
upgrades are incredibly stingy by being locked to one person consuming them at a time
even SURVIVAL is stingy - healing only 20 hp after wasting a solid 20 minutes is ABSURD
TheGamingNoah is the afk champion
shut up, clock in and pivot.
the old man is 10/10 latina BADDIE
PEAK game
good
good game from my first experiences
10/10
Juegazo, muy divertido, me la paso muy chido con mis amigos, tiene buenas y las son divertidas, me que mapas y monstruos, pero el juego va empezando, entonces se entiende, 10/10 rotten tomatoes.
Very fun! i would recommend it with friends for a great co-op experience
ping is insane but that depends on your friends, but the actual game is amazing, i cant wait for updates.
however base stamina is INSANE, its so bad, but once you mod it, the game feels good again.
6
-
+ 20 500
+
4\10
the game is hella fun, it reminds me of first time playing lethal company, it was hectic as hell lmao.
the only reason i refunded is because we can't join without having steam friends first which is a downside of the game, but you can find other people to play on discord, but thats a pain still lmao. overall my honest review of the game is 9/10
20
10/10
i am the king of losers
banger
Lethal Company Content warning
Lethal Company is a joke compared to this.
now im addicted
Lethal company walked so Content Warning could run so R.E.P.O. could sprint
Playing this with friends is great especially when your friend feeds you to the grim reaper
8/10
R.E.P.O is another Lethal Company child that is desperately trying to be different. Whilst the text to speech chat and stupid character models add to some enjoyment the rest of the game feels quite stale. Whilst Lethal Company is in itself repetitive. Though because the map is actually dark, the monsters are actually scary, it makes the repetitiveness not as bad. Meanwhile R.E.P.O has none of what makes Lethal Company and other games bearable.
i enjoy :)
marmok piy piy piy piy
i play it and i like it
A unique twist on this new genre of PvE / Roguelike / Extraction / Co-op thing. Feels like it takes the better parts of Lethal Company and Content Warning. I quite like how the characters control and I appreciate that most enemies have pretty straight forward mechanics. It feels like this game would greatly benefit from having a 6dof motion controller so I can manipulate the objects a bit easier.
very good
definitely better than lethal, lots more laughter to be had
its peak
Please change the emoji, otherwise very nice
No inverted mouse
Most engaging and entertaining game for a friend group since lethal company and its even better than it, 10/10 homie grind
10 10
soundpad
The game is good overall if you ignore that stupid emoji on the banner
if the devs are reading this, please give us game customization. Somethin like the number of enemies and infinite sprint and so on. Overall the game is great and I recommend it
Yes
blow up biiiiii. 10/10
pisa
2 40 500
fun
120\100
Great Chaotic fun! Great to play with friends!
Funny game with friends
10/10
Silly, scary, and totally hilarious. As a multiplayer game, this has been the most fun I've had with friends in a while. Short, sweet, and to the point. Great for casual gaming.
Actually so lit
i hate this game so good
genuinely funny game with tons of scary monsters. Would recommend only if you have friends to play with, and although it's hard to play with lower amounts of people sometimes, the system after you lose where you fight your friends makes losses feel less rough. genuine 10/10
1000 1
good game
10/10
I know what kind of patient a person came up with and collected this game on his head, but I adore it. The best division in the genre that I played
Remember the two things: here you can break a friend and the gnomes can part all your things to you and then you will sob
Well update at 100 hours hopefully I get there it's a surprising horrifying beautiful silly masterpiece I hope it gets alot more love from the people who made it it deserves it
Lethal Company well made
Bom pra porra, recomendo forte
very funny game, I like the physics aspect of it, one wish tho, add a toggle mic option and maybe add some visuals to know when it's on and off, it would also be awesome to have some kind of bundle if you want to get the game for yourself and some friends
Maldigo a mis amigos, para monos
its pretty funn just wanna to play with randoms
super fun
It is Content Warning combined with Human Fall flat combined with Lethal Company. Great game and a blast to play with friends. You can revive other players multiple times per location so if someone dies they aren't out for the rest of the match
absolutely hilarious with friends. I DIED and DIED laughing 100 times. my abs still hurt from all the laughter. Completely worth the bucks to play with friends.
Good game
DO NOT TRUST THE DUCK!
This game is really fun and hilarious. 10/10 fun with friends
super fun! i like that physics plays a part in the value of your items, it adds a level of challenge! the lil guys you play as are super cute and its so charming that their eyes/mouths move when you/someone else r talking, the tts is a neat feature too. i also think its silly that the taxman + the robots communicate solely via emoji
with that said i am not crazy about the banner for this game but thats a really small gripe considering everything else and is a matter of personal taste
good but get rid of the reddit band kid 2015 edgy emoji cringe
i got blew up by the monster because my friend wouldn't stop laughing 10/10
its pretty fun
perfect game for my intrusive thoughts to become extrusive and everyone else's problem
also fuck blind guy, helen keller mfer can fall down several flights of stairs for all I care
funne
simplesmente estou jogando com meus amigos: tebas, bodo fly, SUPER CHEPS, CHEDDA, mauricio pingola, LOMBRAREI JR, HEB FLY, lordkauetson, e o jogo e simplesmente um lethal company so que 34x melhor, o jogo ao mesmo tempo que consegue dar medo, consegue ser absurdamente engracado e em muitos momentos 'frenetico', absolute gameplay valeu o dinheiro pago!
Just belly laughed for a full five minutes until I was crying and my stomach hurt
I've only played this game for like, 3 hours at time of writing and man.
Game good, change evil laser clown thing, too op >:P
this is muppets lethal company
10000000000000000000000000 times better i think
play game with friend
win
content warning was better lethal company
this is almost better content warning
add random pov cameras
Es demasiado bueno el juego pese a estar en acceso anticipado, tiene demasiado potencial. horas de risas incontrolables con amigos
MOUTH MOVES I APPROVE
This is such a fun and funny game to play with friends/family.
My personal feedback for future updates:
1. The blind shotgun man should not be able to 1 pump you, i feel this should be lowered down to 30-50hp.
2. As someone playing with just 2 in a lobby, monsters stay around for long period of time where as the last player i am stuck in one spot for 5+ mins.
3. PLEASE please, remove the gnomes. My Partner and i had a 15K cart, within 10 seconds of the gnomes finding it, it was ALL demolished. I hate them lol.
4. Maybe providing another way to revive a dead teammate, as it can take up to 15+ mins to find 20+ grand worth of items to revive or end the game.
Overall AMAZING game and i am already hooked.
Rami throwaa
Super fun and funny with friends :D
not what i expected when i saw those tiktoks and stuff but turns out you need ACTUAL friends to play with which i do not have
Best game
muy buen juego para jugarlo con amigos :D
)
bro i got launched into a pots collision box for 8 minutes lmao
Looking at the game's splash screen you will think that the game is very scary, but it is not so, playing this game alone or with friends will still be a lot of fun, in my opinion this game deserves its money.
10/10 game
This game is a blast the only downside is kind of need friends the solo experience is still fun but is dwarfed by comparison to the fun you can have with a few friends.
Its really fun with or without friends lol.
cool and good
skibidi
Lethal Company walked so R.E.P.O. could run typeshit
fresh
Super fun, even with just one friend.
Beat my friend with a frying pan for a good five minutes 10/10
no reason to be this peak
Died to adorable duck 10/10 would recomend
so funny i love this game <3
REPO, more like PEEPO. This shit slaps fr.
Incredibly fun game
I've played many Lethal Company clones, and this is the best one yet. Honestly, it may even be better than Lethal Company. While there are many similarities, the experience of playing is entirely different. This game is in it's first stage of early access, yet it already feels almost perfect. I cannot wait for it to get even better with content updates and so on.
you can t hate this game
This game is a lot of fun! My computer struggles to run a lot of games I get and I end up lagging a LOT. Repo lags for me but by it's one of the only games I've been able to play without needing to stay behind from all my friends. Speaking of friends, it's an absolute riot to play with friends. Dumb shenanigans always ensue, especially when monsters attack. If you play alone to one friend, the game is very scary too. Love it
One minute, I'm beating my friends around with a baseball bat. The next, I'm hiding from a blind man with a shotgun and less trigger discipline than one of those idiots on youtube after he domed my friend for simply sneezing.
10/10 game.
Goty
Very fun. Lethal Company-style game with a physics-based twist.
Esta muy buenooooo alch
jugando hasta solo dos personas esta muuuy bueno, te saca muchas risas y varios sustos.
i haven't laughed into tears in years
the kind of laugh that makes you wheeze
play with friends
10/10
buy it
yes
increibkemente divertido
This game can be fun if played with friends, but alone it's annoying. Most of the monsters have a strategy to beat them, but some are hard to figure out which on it's own isn't enough to kill the experience. What does ruin it is instead of the monsters getting smarter or progressively closer as time goes on, the game simply throws more and more nuisance enemies at you to overwhelm you. Which is especially aggravating because you do not heal in between missions. It's basically robot flavored Lethal Company with far less charm as an experience.
I like silly robot
So very fun and so very silly to play with friends. I adore the player models & it's so goofy. Definitely worth playing!
That being said, I do have some thoughts. This is early access- so keep that in mind, and I'm sure the game will update over time and flourish even more. & these are all just my opinions.
'Positives':
- The player models are so charming. I love the proximity chat along with them- and to see your friend run around the corner yelling with their mouth wide open is so good. The little icons while in spectator mode/the lobby is so cute.
- Being able to just throw yourself under things and at each other is so much fun. I love interactions like this between friends.
- The game itself is very fun and the style is delightful! I do believe it is worth what it costs. Plus, it's able to be modded!
'Negatives':
- I would definitely change the emoji banner. I understand the taxman is all about emojis, but the banner makes it feel like it's a game centered around emojis when it's really not. Typically with banners/icons like that too I would immediately think 'NFT' and I'm not sure if you want that lol.
- A lot of things need to be balanced in-game. The amount of time waiting to be revived is a bit long. I'm sure it varies from player to player, but in my friend group we take a bit! We could be stuck waiting for 30 mins- an hour to be revived with the system set up at the moment.
- The upgrades being for each individual player instead of everyone at once kinda sucks. It'll take a while to rack up that much money just to get a good amount of sprint/health for every single person.
- The monster AI is a bit wonky! Not terrible, but they can certainly camp certain spots. They're not all that scary when they're just kinda sitting in one spot and coming back over and over again. More so irritating. It also doesn't feel much like a victory when you manage to kill one and another one takes it's place almost immediately.
Due to the game already having a modding community though- a lot of these 'negatives' are able to be worked out. :] Plus, again, it's early access & the game JUST came out. I'm sure the updates in the future will improve on the game greatly. For what it is now though- it's pretty awesome! :D
This game stands out as one of the best indie releases in a highly competitive market, rivaling titles such as Lethal Company. Despite the development team being relatively small, they have demonstrated a strong commitment to engaging with the community from day one, consistently talking about adding highly requested features on their YouTube channel.
I highly recommend this game to anyone considering it or those who may have just come across it. Even when playing with strangers, the game offers numerous enjoyable moments. As someone who often plays solo, I found it easy to join a lobby and connect with some truly great people.
- Zehbraw
new bit
300
yeah boss yeahh
Feels like playing Lethal Company for the first time all over again. One of the best games like it out there.
i saved my friends and i from a shotgun man with a well placed grenade, a man bug thing saved my friend from another shotgun man, i watched my friends fight over a saw when fighting to the death, and we got hella rich at the same time, it was absolute cinema. 10/10
If you enjoyed Lethal Company but thought it was too easy/too dark, REPO brings a new light-hearted twist with enemies that never seem to truly go away, sweaty hands & butterfingers leading to lost profits, adorable and laughable character models and preconceptions that go horribly wrong while friends laugh at you, then go ahead and try it out, easily the best $9 I've spent in a few years.
I laughed so hard I started choking.
I laughed so loud I woke others up.
I laughed so hard I nearly peed.
I laughed till I cried.
10/10 must share with friends!
Es GOTYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
THE GAME IS NICE AND ALL BUT THE FACT THAT I NEED ACTUAL FRIENDS TO PLAY THIS GAME IS KINDA LAME. I HOPE THAT IN THE NEAR FUTURE THEY ADD MULTIPLAYER OR SOMETHING LIKE WHERE I CAN JOIN A RANDOM SERVER
Super fun to play with friends
good game
it was fun for the first few minites and then all but one person had 1 hp with no way to heal so we had to sit after 3 died and watch for 4 while the other tried to get the money to revive us i dont recommend because it is a cool concept its bad to play
c bien mais fuck le canard ong
Don't play if you like ducks.
the in game text chat adds to the complete hilarity of this game.
Whenever I recommend the game to anyone the first thing that's brought up is how bad the logo is. Save me from this embarrassment, please.
holy fuck remove the shitass joy emoji from the games branding - this HAS to be stomping your sales
genuinely really fun "Lethal Company"-like game, if you can ignore the banner and logo.
having physics based items makes it more engaging to deal with your loot, you'll sometimes be forced to cooperate with bigger, more fragile things to get a bigger payout which ends up creating a more enjoyable time for me and my friends.
no timer makes it more tense when there's 1 person alive and you're all watching, praying they make it out okay.
the extract system that allows you to revive your teammates means that when someone dies there's more to do beyond just carrying their body so you lose less.
overall, amazing game, horrendous branding from the damned
Book got mad @ a duck lmao
baita
I don't think I've ever freaked out and been so loud playing a game before until this one and I mean it in the best way. This is absolutely baller game to play with friends. This game has no right being so good for being $10
Just buy it! :D
Winner of the losers is still a fuckin loser btw!
yeag
Funny game play with a spice of horror. Love this game!
This was hysterical playing with friends. I literally laughed so hard I cried twice. Once with the duck (if you know you know) and once with a mine. Spectator view was pretty fun too!
Highly recommend for friend groups to goof off and laugh at eachother!
gooooooooooooooooood
This is the funniest game on the market as of me writing this. With friends this game is an easy 11/10
love it
might be better than lethal comp and content warning
reopo
lethal company 2: garry's mod
so fun i like thsi sgam
Fun little party game or game with a friend. Its like lethal company but you can damage the cost of items or break them all together. Def recommend.
Bestes Spiel, es hat mit lethal Company sich aber dennoch wie ein ganz eigenes Konzept an. Die Steuerung und Funktionen der Charaktere sind so viel interessanter und Ich habe noch nicht so viele Runden spielen aber das was ich spielen konnte hat mir eine Menge gemacht. Mir besonders, dass man sich gegenseitig heilen, heben und kann. Es ist aber auch sehr das man seine Mitspieler den runden wieder beleben kann was Erfolgschancen sorgt. Ebenso finde ich die are wie die Charaktere beim Reden aussehen sehr
Leider ich nicht was die devs heimgesucht hat, dass sie sich solche abscheulichkeiten als Gegner ausdenken konnten. Dennoch gefallen mir die Mechaniken und das Design der Gegner.
Ich hoffe das das Spiel noch wird um sein schon hohes Niveau zu steigern.
Allerdings muss ich anderen Kommentaren zustimmen, dass das Spiel Cover abschreckend wirkt. mein Kumpel nicht gewesen ich es einfach ignoriert.
Dennoch super geiles Spiel
favrotie excraction gam
The Repo Reapa
WHAT THE $%&#$ is THAT?
*incoherent screaming in proximity chat*
Good and fun
muito foda
ses un jeux horreur mais drol avec ses amis
I don't think I have laughed more playing a game with friends in years
Good: Lots of fun to play with friends
Bad: Please please please brighten the screen after extraction. It is impossible to see.
1 minute into the game I was already dead
Really good game. It doesn't have much content right now, but for $10, it's still a really good deal. Can be played solo or with a group of up to 6 players.
A better and well done lethal company i would recommend to those with a decent friend group to play with.
scary, with a lot of laughs
180
100 10
My friend died to a blind guy,i then turned into doomslayer with a globe hunting him down.10/10
good game
PAY YOUR TAXES
Great GREAT GAME.
kept getting swirlyed in the shop toilet 10/10
ye
I love working for the taxman and getting a laughing emoji with a thumbs up to leave the area after I "repo" someone else's belongings.
Cool game, good laugh.
frag grenade
I scrolled past this game a dozen times on the store page thinking it was some lethal-like low quality slop from the cover art, but oh my god, this game if f*ing hilarious and oozing with polish. Literally the most fun i've had with a coop game in ages, genuinely double the quality of lethal company at LEAST right out the gates. You will have fun.
goated
5 star comedy
My friends keep walking in front and fucking around, so i killed them. worth it
good
THIS GAME IS HILAROIUS
This game is genuinely the most fun ive had on a game in a really long time. Play it if you want to have lots of laughs with your friends, i love this silly lil game
When I first saw this game I thought it was gonna be fucking horrible due to the stupid ass emoji on the cover and even when hearing people say it being funny I just basically assumed "a roblox horror game on steam" levels of quality and *I am so glad I was wrong.*
The game is not as scary as lethal company, but what lacks on it, makes up with the main gameplay mechanic gimmick which is carefully looting items with different weights, doing your best for them not to bump them with anything or worse, break completely. The unlimited time allows you to take as much time as you want and I sincerely appreciate it because it made room for some really great comebacks.
What's best is that when the game ends with a loss, you get this "FFA" against your team that really helps de-stress and just want to do another run.
The monsters take the items into consideration, with some of them targetting the items rather than the player to devalue the items and also react with voice! something that Lethal Company barely uses.
The playable characters are also cartoony and the game has that non-serious vibe that helps see every death feel fun as fuck, plus, since you can revive your teammates, it doesn't feel frustrating either. It's great.
Our first time opening the game was a 6 player run, we played for 3 hours and our throats hurt from all the laughing. This game is genuinely so fun, specially with a big group.
juegazo pero como salio hace poco mis amigos ratas no lo compran el tachero un crack que me recomendo el juego
-un cago de risa con chat de aproximidad
- da miedito
-buenos graficos
-barato
-tiene potencial
If a grown man who giggled with your buds in a while, this is the game for you. Round up the boys and let the chaos ensue.
Goofy game
Juegazo
10/10 WOULD YEET FRIENDS INTO THE ABYSS AGAIN.MEEP!D
This game is hilarious and incredibly fun. As of right now there's no way to join random lobbies so I would highly recommend joining a discord server and finding a few buds to play with.
This game is hilarious, with any group just sending it in and clutchin up is hands down worth for the 7 bucks
This game is hilarious, loads of fun. You'll get your money's worth in the first day.
Hi, me and my friends enjoyed your game its really good for just being early access and we had a lot of fun. Though one suggestion I have for any future updates of the game is maybe you guys could add an emetophobia mode for those creatures that grab on to your face? It can ruin the game for people triggered by it :( just a suggestion! Me and my friends enjoyed the game a lot and would like to play it again, but not without some sort of mod to get rid of the creature, it would be cool if you added it to the game!
It looks like a weird cheap game with the emoji, but if you ignore it and actually give it a try with some friends, you'll have a lot of funny moments. Especially if you have friends who mess around a lot. Even though it's horror, it's still pretty funny to see your friends get murked by the monsters.
10 out of 10 fun for 8 bucks
I met this adorable duck with this plush, innocent, doting face and the blackest eyes. I spent eight seconds trying to reach him, and then another seven trying to keep him locked up because I realized that what was living behind that duck's eyes was purely and evil.
absolutely hellacious. 10/10
5 2
Very fun with my friends, its so silly in the best way.
I turned my friend into a JBL Speaker and blasted Fetty Wap until we got destroyed by a monster. 100/10 would do again.
Def a top tier (Lethal Based) game, so far game is absolutely great, runs amazing. Def recommend playing with a group of friends, if you don't have any. my advice to you, is you should make some because this game here is the type of game you can either build a stronger friendship or you can fuck your friends over in a fun way and gain some laughs along the way.
yk what hell yea
If Lethal Company were a lot more dynamic in the way situations could play out and designed and polished really well, it would be REPO. If you wanted to call it Lethal Company 2, you certainly could.
Though it follows the extraction comedy horror formula Lethal Company popularized, there are some fundamental differences and those differences feel very fresh.
For one, loot value can be diminished by smashing it around, encouraging carefully moving things to extraction. This is expanded on by also having large loot items that require either clever manipulation or teamwork (think two dudes moving a couch) to acquire. The game is forgiving however in that loot dropped into a cart or extraction point doesn't seem to be damaged, even if you really smash it in. This encourages use of the cart especially for many smaller valuables. They can be in a little pile in the cart and still be moved around safely.
Hiding is a proper mechanic in the game and the primary way you deal with threats (especially early on). Cabinets, tables, chairs, beds, etc. can all be hidden in or under and most monsters can't find you as long as you lay low and keep quiet. Often you'll need to hide fast, and can do so by getting a running start and sort of "combat rolling" under something. This, as with all the movement in the game, feels very smooth and polished.
As days go on, you'll have to do multiple extractions on the same level. This means after you make quota for one extraction point, you'll have to brave the halls and find another extraction point and find even more loot to put in it. I think this is a great idea, and it ratchets up the tension knowing you need to brush shoulders with more monsters and walk through more unknown corridors before the day is won.
Tools and weapons already seem more varied in early access than Lethal Company does. There are mines, melee weapons, drones that can be stuck to objects (to impart zero-g, invulnerability, spinning), grenades, a few gadgets, and even permanent (for the rest of the run) upgrade kits you can buy that can enhance all of your core abilities such as grab distance, grab strength, run speed, health and stamina, and jumping.
The graphical presentation of the game is also very polished. The monsters (and really everything) are well modeled, the art style is really consistent, and the player characters are cute little robots with muppet mouths that flap when using VOIP. There's also a funny and creepy text to speech function.
The whole game is oozing charm and is a great "hilarious moments" generator.
In its early access state, I'd say the only thing sorely missing right now is level variety (I believe there are only 3 possible tile sets and I'd like to see that maybe doubled for release). But I definitely wouldn't complain about getting new monsters or types of items, though there are already a good handful of monsters as well (in truth, maybe on par or more than in Lethal Company already, which is great). Heck, maybe they should sneak a camera into the game and capitalize on the recent "evidence hunt" craze too on the sly.
Oh, and I'll echo everyone else and say please change the Steam store logo to something featuring the robots. That Photoshopped emoji face gives the impression on a cursory glance that the game is asset flip slop, which is so far from the truth.
Really fun time with friends. Definitely worth checking out. Nice graphics, fun moody vibes.
to sem ar de tanto rir pqp jogo bom
Awesome game to play with friends. Well worth the $10
la tipica q cae tu abuelo borracho y te clava un escopetazo en la gorra
lo recomiendo por su fidelidad con la realidad
Fun game but sadly need friends to play or discord to join a lobby whit other people but fun i would rate it 8.5/10
UM BEBE DE MERDA TACOU UMA BONECA NA MINHA E TOMEI HIT KILL 10/10 JOGARIA DE NOVO
very fun game like!
Witam czy ma pan aplikacje
"Yes,. we made the quota."
Turns around
"OOOOOO shit baby head."
I did not make it to the truck
Good game with wonky physics.
Please change the banner it's so ugly.
+ great with friends
+ awesome wonky physics
+ very replayable
- takes a long time when you accidentally break a few things and there's barely enough (or not enough) value left to still win
- that emoji
- that horrific emoji
- that terrible emoji
- why are there emojis?
- that emoji haunts my dreams
- that emoji is my nightmare
- I wasn't going to buy the game because of the emoji but my friends convinced me. They said "ignore the emoji, the game is actually good"
They were right. The game is actually good. And the emoji is only in the tutorial and the extraction points, it has 0 effect on gameplay.
Yes
good game!
My sister popped me in the head with a medical device, then grabbed me, and waterboarded me in the toilet while laughing maniacally. That was sometime after spending an hour while 5 of us typed the most random things just to laugh at the robot voices. Anyways, I got her back by pushing her into a monster that changed her voice really deep and she kept puking that then got her killed by another monster.
Worth every penny.
:DD
fun
Extremadamente divertido si lo juegas con amigos, buena sonido y momentos de bastante envolventes. para ser tan nuevo es bastante recomendable 9/10. (ojala actualizaciones con mas contenido)
very fun to play with friends :) glad my friend gifted me this game
super duper fun its like lethal company but a gazillion times better
Game was fun but wish it had a feature to search for random lobbies not everyone can get other to make a purchase
Fun
great game to play with your friends and have fun
Tem um item que faz ficar lento e com as dilatadas. 10/10
Actually fun, would love even more maps and monsters!
The game is really fun, I've only been playing with one other friend. The game does almost everything perfect, I have a couple of complaints. If you kill one of the major monsters they should be dead for a couple of minutes not two seconds and respawn. Also why do the enemies crowd around you when you are ready to leave? It's like they know where you are without making it too obvious. Lastly the smaller enemies (Gnome, Banger) should not spawn in hordes infinitely and instantly, it makes it almost impossible to extract (for two people) especially late levels 8+ where almost one of each of the big monsters spawn on the map at the same time.
Baje de chatgpt
not a huge fan of horror, mainly my friends force to play it, but this game is more fun than it is scary, had so much fun in the few hours that I have, always ready to go back for more!
sigma
Fun game very enjoyable. But please for the love of God add a kick button plz
NICE
I got violated by the scary black ghost.
Death 10 out of 10 will die again.
amazin
it is fun
Ive been able to get all my friends killed in this game with no repercussions.
10/10
Basically Lethal Company but 3 times as better and funny with friends, hopefully mods drop soon.
My Buddy was fucking with the blind gunman by talking about his shit aim, it then turned around 180 degrees and shot. It hit me instead. 10/10 would recommend.
me watching all homies get gunned down
yes
Most fun I've had in a long time
Very fun game scary when alone but really fun if you want to see gameplay look up Dupe_0268 on medal and put it to r.e.p.o 1000/10
Horror Shopping Game
this is genuinely the funniest game i have played in a long time and literally had me and my friends in tears. can't recommend it enough, 10/10
spooky fun
insanely good game, 10/10. This is what major corps should do instead of the same game every other year. this is peak
Fun as hell! play of group of friends makes it better!
The game has a lot of charm, and is a different enough experience from something like Lethal Company that it feels fresh & fun. Lots of new mods coming as the days go by. This is easily worth the cost of admission.
Just ignore the awful cursed emoji in the banner, I promise it's near irrelevant compared to the rest of the game's design & charm.
R.E.P.O o jogo perfeito se ta entediado e sabe o que jogar com seus amigos. Muito as vezes da uns sustos e bem desafiador a medida que passa pelas fases.
Com o tempo aprende a como lidar com os monstros e fica ainda mais divertido, alem do modo extra quando todos morrem que muito legal.
I need to start by encouraging the devs to please take that weird uncanny smiley face out of the game, especially the key art. It feels cheap and stupid and I came pretty close to not giving the game a chance because of it. I think it's fun having the tax man communicate mostly through emoji since it adds a funny disconnect between you and your boss, but this face just annoys me whenever I see it lol.
That was a little mean, but *please* :)
Other than that though the game's fun! I can see myself playing this for a decent bit with some friends. The proximity chat is good, the text to speech is great, the robots look funny, and there's a surprising amount of visual polish that makes everything feel fleshed out and fun. The physics of it is new and interesting for the genre, and there's lots of funny situations to come out of trying to carry items across the map with others. You get to fight for who gets to be king loser when you fail a run, so even losing's fun. It feels like the developers took every chance they could to make things funny in the game, which I like a lot. Especially since generally none of it is forced humor, it just gives you lots of chances to laugh at your friends.
I'll probably update with a more thoughtful review once I have more time in the game. Hopefully the key art will have the robots in them instead of that emoji by then. The robots are peak character design show em off!
I like it so far. it would be really cool if there where monsters that mimic your voices
Found cash on the ground i picked up the cash i then smashed the cash on my friends head and they exploded then saw my other friends green cup go flying up to the ceiling and break.
10/10 game
fun
It's all about Friendship and paying Taxes
Gun man make shoot shoot. and he's blind.
i was kidnapped as we were about to leave im livid <3
I died
Very fun game banner is mid tho
The game is awesome, but holy hell the difficulty difference between the 3 maps is staggering. I'm surprised I don't see this mentioned anywhere in the reviews, but out of the 3 maps you can play on, Headman Manor is absurdly more difficult than the other two.
I've seen a negative review mentioning a difficulty spike at "round 3," but I'm wondering if its just because of them being unlucky and always having Headman Manor as the map of round 3. The tight corridors make it almost impossible to properly use the cart, and getting a large item back to the pickup spot intact is near impossible. The doors, hallways, EVERYTHING is so tightly packed, which also makes it difficult to dodge the monsters. Am I the only one who's had this problem?
this game make me wanna just forntite all of the placce because it is so SCARY Im just fart
All kinds of fun with friends.
muito bom,mas nao tenho amigos hahahaaha
Unique, oddly polished for an initial release, and a breath of fresh air combining a heist-like, round/obj based rogue like, with a psychological horror aspect and the ability to create comedic circumstances. Overall, an easy 10/10 and I hope there will be more content updates in the future, because this game is something special.
text to speech saved my life. cured my depression
should add public games to host since my friends dont have this game
YEs goofy
buen juego aun que le faltan un poco mas variedad de enemigos pero se entiende la falta de este por el acceso anticipado, para lo que cuesta vale mucho la pena este juego.
This game answers the question.
What if another company was also lethal?
touch the duck
Amazing game from amazing developers. Really hope this game goes places!
Best game Ive played in years. Get on one of the discords, find some friends and play. Such a good price for an amazing game.
fun
Funniest game I`ve played in a long time 10/10. Great job Semiwork:D
A entertaining game for a group of friends with the twist of jump scares and crazy mobs, Wish there was a option for playing with random online games but for a early access can't wait to see what is to come with this.
EPIC GAME
Best of all the Lethal Company clones :D
Jogo muito divertido, principalmente jogando com amigos, os monstros uma hora pega o jeito, mas ai percebe que ja tem pelo menos 15 horas jogando, muito bom mesmo, e da pra dar muita risada com as mecanicas e personagens Tem e boas pra mudar e deixar do seu jeito, alem do chat de voz funcinar perfeitamente, recomendo muito!
Seria legal algum modo de jogar o last man stading sem ter q jogar uma run todas as vezes, mas entendo que o principal do jogo, mas muito legal.
i like
Better than the shitty banner makes you think it is.
Really fucking good.
No digas Toilet
Game is great, play it.
For the devs, pretty please add a setting to adjust the mouth flapping sensitivity. Unless my mic is absurdly loud, the funny muppet mouth barely moves, which saddens me greatly.
stupid fat laughing emoji sucks but game is secret peak
scary terry
pros: very fun with the amigos
cons: maked me so scarred that i fard it
lethal company but with gmod physics
> 9/10
Good game, yes. Good.
Theres some lethal company among us.
haha floating head go BRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
GOTY 2025!
to people complaining about the logo, have you paid attention to Taxman at all?
under an hour in and it makes perfect sense.
10/10 quality product, everything moves and is physics-based.
there's very little downtime and even losing is made fun.
stop scrolling, get the game.
i assure you, if you're already here reading this you won't be disappointed.
fun
it makes for a good laugh with friends. enjoyable experience.
✅ funny moments
✅ scary moments
✅ cool monsters & weapons
✅ smooth game play with minimum PC requirements
✅ revivability (not dead all game)
❌ emoji mascot
This game is truly amazing when playing it with many friends as it can get extremely chaotic and fun. Definetely a must play with friends if you liked Lethal company.
so mucho fun def recommenemend
Super fun physics extraction game
very funny with friends and when you talk you go :V
Nose pa que sirve la Q, pero buen juego
Good Soop
d
Happy that at the time of reviewing this is in early access. Looking forward to see what they do with this game.
Even in early access it's worth the 10 dollars.
fun with a group of friends
REPO
This game is so much fun with friends. I used to get tired of Lethal Company after 2 rounds, but this game is hilarious. The character models and physics left all of us wheezing lol.
The shenanigans are real and I'm hooked.
fun
fala e o te mata
corre e vem uma
Tem uma trupe de gnomos de
Aquele pato sai da frente
E qualquer tapinha o bagulho quebra
Dito isso: 11/10
:D
Un jeu qui prend les bases d'un lethal compagnie mais qui rajoute une dosse de fun infini et une petite dosse de frisson et un gameplay innovant grace a la des robots
je recommande
whole fun with the homies
Honest fun with friends for 10 dollars.
Good enough for me
First Lethal-like to actually capture some of that same magic stupidity that Lethal Company did
A solid Lethal-Company-like. Aside from the well-made player characters with goofy animated features, the game has a heavy focus on physics. Players pick up and move everything with a Garry's Mod-style beam, hitting objects against a surface will damage and devalue them, and many large objects require multiple people to collaborate to move them. Doing all this while avoiding monsters is a great time.
I absolutely love this game, its super fun to play with either by yourself or with friends however, there are some issue i do have with the game. The monsters/enemies are way too strong compared to yourself, they have way too much hp and its hard to even know where they are because they are super quiet until they get close enough to you. For example the blind hunter (guy with the gun) makes no sound to alert you that he's nearby and then when he is next to you he blasts you and kills you instantly, I think a good way to fix him is to add a whistle sound effect for him while he is walking around to alert players hes close to you. I also have an issue with the stamina in the game, you start out with 40 stamina which will last you maybe 3-4 seconds and then takes you like 10 seconds to fully regenerate it, I think their should be either an increase to how fast you regenerate stamina, or add an upgrade that you can buy that increases stamina regeneration. Either way this game has been super fun I just feel that there are some important issues that need to be changed or tweaked.
si
cool
FUN
Haven't laughed this hard while gaming in a while. Just be sure to bring friends :(
laughing my ass off one second then Giving the 1000 yard stare the next. Amazing game
Encounters small rubber duck wandering around.
"Awwweh maybe it's friendly"
Garbage can robot proceeds to be eaten by said duck.
This might be the best horror game I've ever played.
When looking at a "Lethal Company" like, I usually base my interest on how a game like this stands out. Though I like Lethal Company, it is a lot more serious than R.E.P.O. I could not recommend this game enough if you are after a form of goofy multiplayer. The enemies stand out against other Lethal likes but their scariness still remains in tandem with how uncanny and stupid they look. Getting stomped to death by a well endowed Floop (Spy-kids) monster, though frustrating, was one of the funniest solo experiences I have experienced in a game that parralleled the multiplayer interactions like peanut butter and jam.
I lookforward to more maps and enemies and wish the developers luck in making this game continue to stand out.
love this game cant wait for mods to be added i want to be chased by kermet LOL i got it for me and my friends and we love this game
All this game needs to remain fresh throughout is customizable experiences and more random aditions that confuse you/make you rethink your playstyle
Prime Approved
This game made me shit myself. 10 out of 10 would do again.
fun with friends
10/10 fun with friends.
Must play with open mic.
The Lethal Company of 2025
10/10, will play again
emoji makes the game look bad tbh but it's really only the banner and is better than lethal company imo
AAAAAHHH!
my mouse is on my screen
good gmae it have big mouth open when speak :0
5.6
super funny
ts
these balls are a yes.
yes bals
absolutely fantastic :)
Fun game to play with friends and text-to-speech fun to play with.
this game is stale after 1 hour
john pork vs. george droyd
Teammates hogging the cart so i need to drag a big heavy box myself upstair to the extraction point
10/10
busco gente de argentina que juegue conmigo porque mis amigos son unas ratas de re mierda que no aportan 5 dolares para jugar este juegazo, si lees esto lucas pedazo de puto comela toda
me: ok guys we are all set to go :3
the dastardly invisible man:
We found a baby and held him down in a bubbling cauldron. It was horrific; he wouldn't stop screaming.
Oh well bro died and turned into a soul orb worth a few thousand or so.
jogo para xingar seus amigos incompetentes :) jogo no estilo LC, divertido, e com o voice do jogo muito bom, acredito que precisa melhorar ainda em alguns quesitos para se igualar ao lethal mas indo bem, da para fazer uma jogatina boa se tiver amigos que sejam desocupados igual
Oh yeah, this game is great. My first time playing it ended with me absolutely pissing myself with laughter at the goofy robots and text to speech. I adore this game
is good
plankton but everything is the krabby paddy formula
De todos os jogos que surgiram no estilo Lethal Company, esse com certeza o melhor que eu vi (na minha melhor que o jogo que o inspirou!)
Apesar do visual bobo, o jogo consegue te fazer sentir medo e dar sustos, de ser desafiador no ponto certo; ficar bom nesse jogo, torna ele muito pelo ele continua sendo muito e divertido de progredir.
claro, como um jogo baseado em Lethal Company, recomendado que jogue com amigos, e o jogo tem um suporte de 6 pessoas, o que excelente, visto que algumas vezes, o habitual 4 players pode deixar de fora.
disso, mesmo sendo um early access, eu me surpreendi com a quantidade de e de detalhes que tem nesse jogo. mesmo jogando 5 horas, tenho certeza que ainda conheci alguns dos monstros que o dev colocou no jogo, ao mesmo tempo que conheci as fraquezas dos mais comuns. espero grandes coisas desse jogo!
Yes it's another take on the lethal company formula. Yes it's funnier. Also early game is way easier and it's actually playable with only 1 person, whereas lethal company feels like you need at least 3 to have any fun unless your doing a challenge or smth
and, we need Chinese!
R.E.P.O.
5 big booms
This has to be one of the best games I've played! although you really need friends to play with! I had to convince my old mother and some friends to play but still is a lot of fun! If I had gamer friends this would have been even funnier!
very fun
buy its worth 10 bucks for a good time
one of the funniest games ive ever played
aaaaaaaaaa
Game of year
Insanely fun. If you've got a group to play with, get it. Don't read any more reviews. Just buy it.
buen juego para joder a tu amigos 15/10
BOOM BABY
I got chased by a girl with knifes for hands
10/10
PLEASE CHANGE THAT EMOJI ITS SO AWFUL
beep boop robo
porfavor actualizen este juego ya me lo acabe en menos de un dia
peak
This game is amazing. I had not this much fun playing with my friends in any other game in a long time. its better then lethal company and my friends and I would love to see this game gain more content.
she re on my po till $
Overhyped garbage
story bots horror game
Remove the emoji banner, it makes the game seem like a scam game meant for kids to buy. This is not a scam game. This is an incredibly fun videogame.
Amazing! I hope the devs add tons more content.
[h1]Jogo BEM FEITO[/h1]
Esse jogo muito e funciona bem! crashou nenhuma vez, tive problemas com a call do jogo, pega ruido do mic.
Parece ser bem variado de criaturas no mapa, pode comprar upgrades, o diferencial que precisa carregar os itens pelo mapa, e precisa ter cuidado e ajuda dos seus amigos para coisas mais valiosas e pesadas e isso cria o caos que bastante divertido, quanto mais bater o item menos ele
Excelente de mapas, buena mezcla de suspenso y trabajo en equipo
Highly recommended.
R.E.P.O is a Physics-Based Extraction Horror game. If you know Lethal Company, you might enjoy this, but it supports 6 Players instead of 4, and playing alone isn't unfair like Lethal Company (there's a whole dedicated button on the main menu).
I mostly played this game alone, due to the lack of friends, but I have yet to find something that outright makes the game unfair. I would describe it like 'Amnesia if it was an extraction game' instead of a direct clone of Lethal Company, which I can get behind since Amnesia is my favorite horror game.
If you can manage to scrounge up some friends, this will be worth your time with how some items change your voice, and Text-To-Speech shenanigans.
Best game since Lethal company
Best Game to play with friends!
I dont have any friends :( so this game is scary
this game is so fire and i love it so much and its awesome
Highly recommend! Hilarious and scary!
Peak clip farming.
es lo mas parecido al sexo
Jogo e assutador, tudo ao mesmo tempo, o leve o jogo, e, mesmo assim manteve a qualidade, recomendo jogar com amigos, torna tudo mais
it good
este juego merece goty, muy divertido para jugar con amigos, risas combinadas con sustos este juego es muy bueno recomendado
Very fun game :)
This is pretty peak, I think the mechanics are so cool. For 10 bucks just play it and see for yourself
YEAH! FUN YEAH FUN AKA SPOOKY
REPO REPO REPO
Jogo extremamente divertido e legal, com certeza o melhor lethal-like desde o lethal company, no aguardo pelas para ter mais e mais coisas a se fazer.
Se quer se divertir, jogue.
10/10
Das Spiel was die Community verdient.
Ein sehr gutes kooperatives Survival Horror Spiel bei dem jede Entscheidung in jeder Runde Es ist einerseits super lustig und leicht zu lernen, aber wird in den Levels(5+) anspruchsvoller und erfordert Koordination, Teamwork und Einfallsreichtum.
Dieses Spiel macht vieles besser als AAA-Horrorspiele in den letzten 5 Jahren. Leute die gerne Clock Tower und gespielt haben ein Fest.
Pro
- Grafik, Musik und Artstyle
- Gameplay
- Level- und Gegnerdesign
- Power Up und Waffen
- Steuerung
- Humor
- Einsteigerfreundlich und fordernd gleichzeitig
Contra
- Kleine Bugs und frustrierende Momente
- RNG
Die letzte Runde endete damit dass wir den Fang unseres Lebens gemacht haben, vor uns war ein eine Messerpuppe und ein Marshmallowgeist, aber als wir durchschleichen wollten wurden wir von einem Gebiss vollgekotzt. griff uns dann alles gleichzeitig an und wir wurden zerfleischt.
reminds me of dance mat typing.
Of all the games like lethal company I think Repo does it the best. It's the most accessible and friendly while having the most solid gameplay loop of them all. Being allowed multiple chances with revives and spots to hide makes this game already so much more playable due to the increase of teamwork this adds as well as increased playtime you get rather than just having to watch every one else until they game ends or every one dies.
The items losing value if they're damaged and having a cart to haul everything makes this one stand out more because of the choices that need to be made, if carrying an item worth half of its original value is worth it, or seeing how much you can fit into the cart until you risk putting yourself into danger before extraction.
The robot character the player plays as is designed adds so much charm with how goofy they are, the way they talk with text chat, the way their mouth moves, the way they hide, how their eyes look around make them so memorable.
Feedback for developers if they so happen to read this review:
Add custom game options. I think lethal likes would benefit so much from letting people change the game rules to goof off more or have more chill times with their friends. Things like adding lives, health given when revived, value of items, average quota needed to reach, size of maps, extraction counts, changing the average value of shop items, etc.
These types of games don't have an incentivized progression aside from seeing how far you can get, and while this game could change that as its in early access I doubt that's the case. So I think giving friend groups more control to play more casually or more seriously would benefit a ton for even more replayability on top of what this game plans for its future.
Nerf the Huntsman. This is just a me thing but I think its really unfair he insta kills you compared to all the other monsters. Not only does he lock you still and quiet which can really slow down the game but it's just annoying too that he insta kills on top of having a ranged attack.
Overall I do think most monsters being able to pin you down and give you no chance to escape when they attack is also frustrating at times.
Make single player more forgiving. Single player right now just feels like a watered down multiplayer version, pausing doesn't stop the game, the quotas still get really high, maps can get filled with a lot of monsters, this could be solved with that custom games option to just let the individual control the experience but if that's not happening then I think this mode needs more care put into it when it can get it.
This game though is fantastic and I can't wait to see what more it has to offer. It's absolutely worth the price and a blast with friends, even just one other person is a good time.
fun but would be better with friends
increible si tienes amigos
Peak
ta melo
aw hell I caught ligma
This Is Such A Fun Horror Game #lethal company game Best Game Of 2025
great game for friends, my friend and I got clapped in lvl two the proxy chat is great too, worth the 10 bucks
Lethal Company with physics, does anything else need to be said
Bom
Personally, better then lethal company IMO
Fun game with friends
funny ass game but the icon for it discouraged me at first since it looks like a roblox game thumbnail. i think it could represent the game a little more. good game mechanics and hilarious moments
Me rachei de rir nesse game
Cara foi o melhor jogo que joguei em 2025, sinceramente, muito divertido jogar com os amigos! Vale muito a pena xD
Great game to play with Friends highly recommend.
incrivel
Funny scary
bueno
recommend
you can make friend become small people then wack them with other friends 10/10
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Great game to play with a bunch of friends.except Rubr
Me encanto, muy diverso, recomendado para jugar con amigos
Jogo maravilhoso e divertido
>Entre na casa
>Escute barulhos estranhos
>Porta abre sozinha e veja um bicho de 2 metros correndo de
>Morra de desespero
Robot talk funni
My new comfort game, idk why but this game is very satisfying.
I biught this game and refund for food
it works
no. game keeps crashing. go play lethal company
amazing game with friends, its only fun with 2 or more players though
Puta jogo bom! Super intuitivo e repetitivo. Legal jogar com amigos (uns 3), o jogo muito legal, da um pouco de medo, mas super de boa e divertido. Super indico! de ser levinho.
obs: nao use push to talk! mais legal se ouvirem tudo toda hora. GNOMOS MALDITOS!
Oh the joy of being a silly muppet robot :)
Good
weno
very easy game no scares simple objectives
good laugh and scary with friends. def worth
this HAS to be game of the year. I have a ton of fun playing this game by myself and with friends.
this is way more simple to understand and super bets fame and the text to speech is gold and funny please leave the no filter co op is coming disable it there but don't disable it for private party
Looks fun. Is incredibly boring.
gmod + Lethal companie
best gakme evert
el mejor juego que eh jugado con amigos deah mentira no eh jugado con amiogs porque ningun amigo tiene este juego todos mis amigos full pobres los odio amigos porque no juegan conmigo amigos pero el juego es bastante bueno aunque lo juegeues solo
VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK VAK
Muy Bueno para jugar con amigos
muito divertido
Wow what a good time. This game has so much character and replayability. such a blast to play with some buddies. I highly recommend if you like games like Lethal company
game has crazy potential if they do things right this game has a bright future ahead
Very fun game with friends especially the game chat
W
fun scary game without the scary part it just kinda scary but in like a fun way not in a poop ur pants way
really fun game i wouldnt recommend if u dont have friends because i could see i would be boring
lets. go. chat.
fun but change the logo
Very fun
yeah this game peaks, would recommend especially with friends
I Judge the emoji, play this game now!
fire game
Laga tanto o pc q parece q tao minerando cripto moeda nele, muito bom nota 1000 :D
its very fun
im r.e.p.ing it
It's one of those games where you go in without taking it seriously, but when you do it's really rewarding and fun. One of the best Proximity Chat and Text to Speech features, and it's super cute!
Play this game with four or more people for the best experience!
vi este juego con pocas descargas, decidi probarlo y ahora es lo que jugamos diario mis amigos, esta bueno aunque nececita mas mapas y variedad de algunas cosas
Good Game
Boi ts is so friggin tuff yo
gg
Buen juego si buscas entretenimiento y muchas risas con compas,que sigan metiendo mas contenido al juego y que siga mejorando bastante
very fun
My fear of my friend's keyboard/mic > my fear of mobs here (after 2hrs of screaming)
Fun game to test friendships and teamwork, love the cute duck pet ;D
funni game
Honestly a really fun game to play with friends, dare I say it is better than/has potential to be better than lethal company
Sequencia de letahl company, consegue ser ainda melhor
watched all my friends get shot dead in front of me.
10/10
Muy buen juego muy divertido con amigos pero si son unos inutiles te enfadas
Meu companheiro de trabalho muito incapaz quebrou um item de 20 mil dolares, por conta disso afogamos o sujeito na privada tal como o merda que ele disso ficamos contente em utiliza-lo como oferenda para um dos bixos esquisitos que creio estarmos roubando, perdi um amigo mas ganhei seretonina
1000/10
Jogo bom
JUEGAZO
Well, I did not expect to get addicted
hub and bub
hehehehehehehehehehehehehe
F@ck OSHA all my homies die at work
fun game goofy emoji
very fun
this is a very serious game
fun and goofy
game good.
i laugh by blind guy and get friend killed
friend got revived
friend died again by getting thrown up on
revived again
died to blind guy again
10/10 game
yep
Better than Lethal Company
HELLA OF A GOOD TIME
yes
)
if updated more later on it could be better than lethal company.
MUITO BOM!
Hilarious game for a fair price :3
Game cool, change banner. Wtf does the silly emoji have to do with the cool horror game
: Lethal Company
the best game
Yes
Gutes Spiel, ohne Gingers am besten
This game is awesome, i thought considering it was 8$ it be fun and just some one time thing that i would delete afterwards, but its actually really fun, been playing with my brother because we thought it looked cool and it really is, so many monsters and surprisingly been jumpscared a few times, a good mix of funny and horror, the duck ate my brother though, we picked it up since we thought it could sell but then my brother got devoured and i ran like hell. Fun game, definitely recommend.
greatness
stop looking at the reviews and just buy the game
macht saas
Yeah. This is it. This is the game that I've been waiting for. Great multiplayer game. It's tough playing solo but thats not what the games for anyway.
10/10
game
love the game but wish if they could make the game public so we don't have to add people to play.
but can someone add me please I just bought it today.
I love repo!
yah
Spiel macht unglaublich viel
Sei es mit freunden oder randoms, sind immer gute lacher dabei
Game is hilarious and full of shenanigans. Please change the logo jfc
fun shi
ive only played this once, and it was so awesome!
You will lose your lungs
Hace que y no lo
Las almas de los siempre las
Odio verlos llorar, no logro comprender
ese hombre ha querido hacerlos desaparecer?
Genuinely has more potential than lethal company, AND has a team behind it so you can expect more frequent updates too.
And if you're not convinced by all the positive reviews?
- large enemy variety
- It runs well (compared to every damn game released nowadays)
- $10
- very fucking funny physics system
- $10.
- will get plenty of updates
- I've already gotten a lot of value out of this game for $10!
- the game is quite charming
- holy FUCK don't doordash that burger for $30+ just fork over the $10 and have some FUN
little robot, little legs, little arms, funny little robots
Probably the best Lethal-like out there.
I simply like the style of games like Lethal Company with Quotas that increase every level and the possibility to improve your character with money you get depending on how much you collected. It's a lot of fun especially with friends and especially with the funny animations that your character has. I can only highly recommend this game. However, there are two main bugs that I have encountered. First: When I move backwards and then forwards again, my character moves extremely slow which is fixed by pressing the sprint button slightly or moving left or right. Second: When I try to look at the map by holding Tab, my map pops up for a split second, gets put down and then back up again for a split second all over. It's pretty annoying but understandable as it has only been released a few days ago. Still love the game, would highly recommend.
I've almost died laughing 3 times playing this, if you enjoy content warning or lethal company 100% add this to your library, so worth it
juegazo,te cagas si esta solo pero con amigos se muere de risa
Better Lethal Company with item physics and a shopping cart you push around. Also the tts near chat is solid gold.
this games like kinda cool
Tem cara que vai ser mais um, mas muto criativo.
pretty good!
jogo divertido e da pra tirar muita risada slk kjkkjkjkjj
yes
Reminds me of lethal company but more refined, absolutely hilarious game lots of fun
good
very unique game. very fun highly recommend.
very nice game.
Absolutely love it, having a blast with friends
My only complaint is there should be more valuables to collect on every maps
ta weno
so yummy bro. monsters are super duper unique and cool using all of the features of the robots. love the style, super duper funny. I've been enjoying this so much w/ my friends
Best game i played in a hot minute had a blast with friends
Ignore the photo of this game that looks like a brain riot type of thing (coulda used a better picture for the game), honestly the most fun game I've played with friends. There is a lot of things going on that you can troll with friends and do stupid stuff, a lot of times you just don't expect some enemies to come out of nowhere.
There this blind guy with a shotgun enter the room while one of my friend was reviving me and other friend (bad timing for it to happen) once we got revived my friend just got shot leaving me alive and the mofo just walked right up to my face and just stood there for a solid 10 seconds and he walked away like what the actual heck just happened (honestly laughed so hard that I started crying xD)
Would totally recommend getting the game but the downside is there's no online lobbies to join random like Lethal Company does, hoping that'll be added in future updates but for now playing with your friends is the only way or joining some discords to see if anyone have the game and looking for people to play with
Actually so fun, especially with friends
I'm losing my shit playing this game, fucking hilarious
This game absolutely sucks. has potential but as it sits, its awful
Bruh this game is so sugoi
R.E.P.O
THE BEST GAME TO PLAY WITH FRIENDS!
THIS IS THE FUNNIEST GAME I'VE EVER PLAYED AND THE MOST CATCHING ATTENTION ONE!
Best Game Ever to play with FRIENDS! New GOAT!
so much fun with friends
bester 10er meines lebens
many opportunities for funny clips
Hour Glass funny
So funny
this game is good
CINE.
Gra super, zapowiada
topka
Big silly fun, lots of character. How long this one will last though is anyone's guess.
I called a monster a b*tch and got 180 no scoped
Jogo muito divertido para jogar com amigos. eu acho que o modo single player muito dificil ma eu tentei o suficiente.
e
foni
Que jogaaaaaaaaaaaaaaasso
Got scared and accidentally whacked my friend in the face with an item while turning around which made him fall over and get killed by the monster that was about to kill me
Very very good game
Magikarp.
pretty skib game
All I got to say is its so much fun
je me suis taper les plus grosse barres de ma vie le jeux est raciste (je suis blanc)
very nice game, i love the sort of rogue-like + extraction like gameplay. i would like to see a counter against hiding, especially for long periods of time. other than that, this game is amazing and i would 100% recommend (DONT MIND THE BANNER)
Melhor jogo para jogar com os amigos.
:D
if they go hard w/ the updates and the gameplay loop, it wont become a gimmick game for 3 months :) That is the fear, the soul-killer, the despondent nightmare.
fun
you can pick up your friends and fight your other friends with your friends
smash baby on floor floor smash baby
very fun with friends, hope it keeps getting better!
not gonna lye this game peaker then mout evrest
-
Really fun game. Add ultrawide support, please.
Very fun filled with lots of laughter and screaming
the most charming lethal-like by far
Super fucking funny
10/10
Lethal Company einfach
Juegaso
bien
uhh. guys.?
This game is sooo good but I wish lobbies could be bigger than 6.
Here you can kill a child and a blind old man, very nice
Lethal company but with a bunch more of mechanics. Super fun!
Top game of 2025, nothing else will top this.
Goated mf game, so much fun, must have friends tho
absolute cinema
prettty fun
Can't invert Y axis.
Legal com amigos
Funniest Shit ever
very damn funny will be way better when mod support is added
Do you like shopping? Do you like monsters? Do you like Physics? This game is a riot.
You can abuse your friends while saving the day. It could be like shopping at Wal mart.maybe,
Game makes you feel like John R.E.P.O
good
me
very fun 10/10
My friends trust me to carry anything expensive because I always end up breaking them.
Otherwise, a fun game. Thank you.
a very good game, if you have friends.
matchmaking is coming soon and was promised so i can definitely say it is worth the buy
trop bien
MUITO FODA
10 hours so far, could not recommend more. PLEASE PLAY IT PLEASE ITS SO FUN PLAY IT RIGHT NEOWW
I love this Game! I wish we could invite people while in the truck or while at the shop instead of leaving and inviting everyone back in from the main lobby. It's annoying having to re-invite everyone when one person's system crashes or leave and want to come back. More sound reactive monsters would be great. Maybe more easter eggs that are funny to find or use or secret rooms or something. A joinable lobby would be great so we can play with new people when our friends are not online.
Ja ok cool ein lecker
I love it. Everything about it. The physics, the items, the character models, the levels. Everything. Can't wait to see where this goes. Just wish the banner was a robot face instead so it didn't freak my friends out when I recommended this to them.3
amazing game very funny
Funny af
JOOOOONGE
First game I've ever set a custom background for on its full library page AND the recent games thumbnail. Other than that, hilarious Lethal-Like. Different enough than it, less scary and more silly. Really hope this gets some good updates in the future. Better than Content Warning IMO. One thing I'd love to see added is some way to "complete" runs instead of the go until you lose route that so many of these games take. Even if they keep the infinite run but have an option to complete the run like something in say, Risk of Rain 2. I find it less compelling knowing there's no way to win, you can only not lose for longer.
yess
Peak game, needs achievements tho.
One of if not the best co-op horror game ive ever played, i would certainly reccomend this
good game
This is a keeper!
very fun game to play with friends also kinda scary to play alone worth the price
OSCOUR
W game gonna keep playing it
I like the part where i go boom after big bite of head dude
is very funny
ITS COMING OUT OHHHHH CALL ME A GOOD BOY HAWK TUAH CALL ME A GOOD BOY HAWK TUAH
funny trashcans with legs taking things from monster houses
Mto bom
I love this game by far the most fun and interesting time I've had with friends on a game.
Jogo muito divertido com os amigos. Conforme proguide, repete as mesmas fases, elas sendo modifiadas, tendo mais andares, monstros e loot. um prato cheio de pra quem gosta de uma boa party!
Jogo funny para jogar com amigos.
Ri-se com tudo e por nada.
Love this game, it's goofy and funny and feels like a challange, a good one.
Banner is a little meh, I do get the other reviews that talk about it, could maybe have the little dudes on it.
I haven't tried playing it alone, but with friends it's a amazing experience, lots of laughs and fun.
The "worst" part about this game is that the logo can easily make this game feel like a "meme" game when its anything but. The best part is that i spent the whole day playing it with a friend loving every second.
REPO is a game with a lot of genuinely funny humour and charm, with phenomenal character designs, polished models and areas, and animations that always got reactions out of everyone I've played with, and when i realised these guys made voidigo, it all clicked as to why the visuals were always something i was praising, its atmosphere is to die for.
Mechanically its my favourite "lethal company-like" hands down. You can only be damaged by enemies, there's no time limit or any annoying limited slots for carrying valuables, u never feel visually impaired, you can heal and revive teammates, EVERYTHING comes together to get rid of useless annoyances that make the game superficially difficult like in lethal and kletka. ALL focus is on making as much money, and evading the numerous monsters, keeping the game spooky, fun, tense, and led to my lobby making a bunch of strategies to account for item durability and maximising our money, i cannot stress how fun this game is and how it cuts all nonsense.
Mobility is super good, where a base build teaches the importance of stealth, and a beefed up build makes the perfect difficulty scaling this game has as runs go on so much fun, its always tense and scary but you never feel like you cant handle it, this is THE CLOSEST to feeling like your in a horror movie or a courage the cowardly dog episode.
I could go on, the joys of figuring out how to fit and move valuables, along with the cart mechanic and dynamic multiple drop offs as you progress on a stage, cuts the annoying stop and go of its contemporaries, making a session so much less committal feeling and always fresh despite how theres acc not a lot of content with 3 environments and a handful of enemies, but theres so many details and unique interactions that its never stale, and as runs go on and environments expand, theres so much quality in the current quantity.
The game is also super fun with only 2 people, something other games in the genre haven't cracked, and ofc with a larger lobby its always a blast, the devs experience with voidigo means you can rlly can knuckle down on a session with how replayable it is too.
THERES A FEW GRIPES, i feel that the baby enemy has little to no counterplay, cant be easily avoided, can only be hurt by your own valuables and can one shot you a few times throwing your sources of income, me and my friend didnt experiment much with purchasable weapons, but its the only thing that was a (minor) annoyance.
I'm incredibly eager for this game to be updated with so much more interesting content and stellar character design and visuals, but im in no rush waiting for that as at launch, 10 ish hours in i feel like ive barely scratched the surface of something i cant wait to take off in the public eye.
po compra,mt bom jogar com os amigos
comprar
Game of the year. Literally almost shit myself of scare and laugh at the same time!
Not tot mention the fact that some monsters or items change the voice and became even more funnier or the pants shittier!
10/10
game change my life life, when you life give you lemon you make leminidi
Just as fun, if not better than Lethal Company.
funni stuff
the Best game of 2025
The constant side-eye alone is worth every penny.
epic and poggers
Nie podnos kaczek
game is super fun and funny just need more people to play with now and then but other then that super fun to mess around in!
Really fun with a group of people and a relatively simple game play loop with some elements deriving from Lethal Company. Grab a group of friends and have a blast in this game, worth supporting such a small yet bombastic company!
repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo repo
Quack!
Seeehr witzig! Macht ultra :D
juegazo
q jogo bom da porra melei duas cueca e meia 12/10
11/10
very fun game with friends i like it a lot
This game is made with love
This game is a fun experience. Get a good mouse tho.
Reminded me of how my entire home get reposesed because that stupid whore took it along with the kids.
android q rouba domicilios
se fode e todo mundo da risada
jogasso da porra
ta bueno
Fun, silly and you don't need to take the game seriously! Would recommend.
Both hilarious and horrific at the same time. I'm either laughing till I piss myself, or screaming so hard I nearly shit my pants. Best of both worlds. Highly recommend.
This surpassed my expectations compared to Lethal Company this game is too goofy not to buy.
St. Nic Approves! This Game Makes the Nice List!
peak
repor o bra
rep
GOTY, duerman a Lethal Company porfa
A great combination of stressful and silly. Definitely fun to play with friends.
QUE JOGO GENIAL! Perfeito pra jogar com os amigos.
EXTREME FUN WITH FRIENDS! cryed for 4 hours strait
jogo zueiro pra porra, mas vc ainda sim pode se cagar de medo
top
funny game pretty based
11/10 jumpescere
This game is fun its just ever since they had to put it into friends only mode Lobbies and matchmaking have been wonky. When I join a friend he is unable to get in the first level, he stuck on a loading screen. but I am able to get in. Now when he joins on me, we both get to play but get stuck on a loading screen after exiting the store. I hope this bug gets patch. Until these patches are fixed I would recommend it.
Great game to play with friends
Goty
So silly. So delightful. I keep getting obliterated in the dumbest ways. 10/10
this game is sooooo good i almost pissed myself beacuse i was laughing
Worth every penny of the $10
Very fun when you're drunk with your friends
fun avec les potes style de jeu que lethal company, c'est grave bon
It's a really awesome multiplayer game. I can't wait to see what's next I home there will be a clarified way to avoid monsters because sometimes, i don't know if i have escaped them or if they are still chasing me. A real banger
Juegazo
i love playing it but please make it so you can play with random people
play with more than 2 people and youll have a lot more fun than a lot other games
I LOVE IT KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK!
the single mothers never saw it coming
the worst part about this game is being the last one alive and you just KNOW everyone is laughing at you because you keep breaking stuff :(
yuh
Muy rechulo
wadaaa
Was carrying a heavy object, got grabbed by something invisible, dropped the item and lost its value and got dragged through a house away from my friends in to the dark depths alone. 10/10
very fun and goofy, recommended to play with friends for best experience.
fun to play with friends
it is a good game and fun but PLEASE REDUCE THE SPAWN OF THE GNOMES. When i need to get back to my truck with 1 hp it is impossible to avoid the gnomes
Really good actually :-)
this game needs often updates this stuff is so fun and i want more content it makes me want to go and donate children of Africa to one of my local farms he would be so happy :)
THE game of 2025
great game
Given the fact that upgrades do not carry over, once you die, all your progress is wiped. Incredibly unfun as a result, if you have friends that like to troll and joke around, this is not the game for you.
Extremely fun with friends and family, for the price its worth it.
Le jeu en lui est cool, quelque bug tels que des mobs qui spawn en boucle et en masse
If I'm the last one alive we are NOT making it out.
R.E.P.O. A Heart-Pounding Sci-Fi Horror Experience!
R.E.P.O. throws you into a tense, dystopian world where survival hinges on your ability to outthink, outmaneuver, and outlast the horrors lurking in the shadows. With a gripping atmosphere, strategic gameplay, and a haunting narrative, this game delivers an unforgettable mix of suspense and action.
Core Gameplay & Atmosphere
From the moment you step into the eerie, decayed remnants of civilization, R.E.P.O. sets a tone of dread and urgency. The world is filled with abandoned structures, cryptic messages, and terrifying unknowns that keep you constantly on edge. Your mission? To recover valuable assets in a hostile environment where danger lurks at every turn.
The gameplay masterfully blends stealth, puzzle-solving, and combat, forcing you to balance risk and reward. Resources are scarce, enemies are relentless, and every choice you make could mean the difference between survival and doom. The AI-driven threats adapt to your actions, ensuring no two encounters feel the same.
Key Highlights:
✅ Intense Atmosphere: A chilling world filled with eerie sound design, oppressive darkness, and unpredictable dangers.
✅ Adaptive AI: Enemies learn from your movements, making every playthrough a unique challenge.
✅ Survival Strategy: Limited resources demand careful decision-making and creative problem-solving.
✅ Engaging Puzzle Elements: Cryptic clues and environmental storytelling keep you immersed.
✅ Dynamic Gameplay: A mix of stealth, combat, and exploration keeps the experience fresh.
Pros:
Deeply immersive horror setting with stunning visuals and sound design.
Smart AI that keeps encounters tense and unpredictable.
Thought-provoking puzzles that enhance the storytelling.
High replayability with multiple strategies for survival.
Cons:
❌ Can be overwhelming for players new to survival horror.
❌ Some sections may feel punishing due to resource scarcity.
❌ A steep learning curve with little hand-holding.
Final Verdict: R.E.P.O. is a masterclass in atmospheric horror, blending tension, strategy, and psychological dread into a gripping experience. If you love survival horror games that challenge both your reflexes and your mind, this one is a must-play.
8.7/10 A chilling, thought-provoking horror adventure!
10/10. Nagyon fun. Ajanlom mindenkinek, haverokkal termeszetesen nagyot megy. Jobb mint megbaszni egy
Tres bon jeux mais trop de mobs (nain de jardin qui spawn en boucle) (partie 6).
A corriger sil vous plait sa gache ce jeux meme si il a un grand potenciel
mu weno
Juste un banger en fait
Honestly a very fun game. need friends to play but if you have any of those this is a great time
Add homeless squatters
Super concept, bien pour du multi entre potes mais il manquerait la de jouer avec une manette, pour ceux qui ne sont pas jouer avec clavier ce serait
The game is super fun and lobbies accept up to 6 players which is awesome.
That being said, I don't know what possessed the devs when they chose to use these cringe emotes.
Even the banner looks like some scam / AI-built shit that won't work
juego del la adrenalina que te genera es sorprendente parecida a cuando tu familia se entera que no estas yendo a la universidad y con la plata de tus estudios apostas a la liga de futbol femenina de australia perdiendo tus ahorros y tu futuro. RECOMENDADO
really funny. defo recommend
its like lethal company, but the items self destruct!
I farted and an old man shot me with a shotgun 10/10
My friend puked on me 10/10
a work of art
very fun i got it as a early bday gift and I LOVE IT U SHOULD GET IT
such a good game
ESPECTACULAR
xbdfdf! affffffynfcnbr!-
Muy buen juego 10/10 las risas no faltaron, lo a resaltar es que mi amigo @s333bv me debe una feria we si o no raza? para ser exacto 6000CLP, sin mas que agregar muchas gracias y buenos
Hoy 09/03/2025 finalmente el @s333bv ya me a pagado lo que me 10/10 un gran amigo
MAMA!?
most braindead thing ive ever played in my life
While i'm very sure the game is good, I don't have any friends to play it with. Don't taker this too seriously if you have other people, but if you dont I wouldn't buy this until they release some kind of quickplay feature.
Demasiado bueno xDD, incluso creo que supera un poco al Lethal
high potential for this to survive past the typical "lethal company clone" cycle
* gathering loot - the mini-puzzles of figuring out how to get loot to the checkpoints, really well done, makes loot gathering more fun than lethal company
* lots of unique loot items, still on occasions discovering something never seen before, some feature fun effects, interesting challenges or make delivering it hellish
* rooms get really crazy in late-game, huge plus for replayability and adds to the incremental challenge
* many store items are great, but due to the way items cycle you'll have almost nothing useful to purchase but medkits at times, can be easily fixed by adding more store items
* no idea how to reliably use melee weapons, either needs a better guide or some sort of a buff, maybe I'm just dumb
* there are some issues with monster ai, at times they'll keep going back into the same room over and over and over
also for the love of god get rid of the emoji man on the game's thumbnail, cool idea that taxman communicates through emojis, but he does not work for the thumbnail, unless you're targeting roblox kids I guess?
Maravihoso!
Loved this game before I bought it!
yes
lubisz dzieci.
A great Lethal Company clone. There's not as much downtime because of the "free" revives, and they've included lots of little interactions/mechanics that'll create a lot of spontaneous funny moments. It doesn't have nearly as much content (only 3 variation of maps ATM), but it has a lot of charm! Hopefully that will change over time.
As always, bring a group of friends. Games like these just aren't as enjoyable alone or with strangers.
Lethal company except its better. You actually work together instead of alone
Fun with friends. The object physics are hilarious, and the combat in the game is really unique.
ballsack alien
This game is amazing, a few things I recommend is that they make it easier for you to hear some of the creatures, especially the robe and blind dude. Although I like how scary the robe is now I feel like it being a one shot kill is kinda insane for it being so quiet, same goes for the blind guy. I also want the creatures to be able to hear, even though when I look up whether they can hear you or not it says they can, they really don't act like it which is kind of disappointing. Otherwise everything else in the game is beautifully done and I would recommend anyone to play it.
FUNNY
fun
accidentally knocked over my friend and broke the vase i got screamed at 10/10
poopie sckokkadoodie. refunded
tres bon jeux jer recommande
I LOVE THIS GAME ITS FUN WITH FRIENDS AND FAMILY
yes
Too good
yeah
GYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT
:)
This game is solid. I don't know what possessed the developer to use an emoji as the main banner/logo for the game. It makes it look like a scam or a terrible greenlight game that was made for a joke but it's actually better than other extraction horror games
peak, please add ultrawide support (3340x1440) and fov slider!
This game is solid. I don't know what possessed the developer to use an emoji as the main banner/logo for the game. It makes it look like a scam or a terrible greenlight game that was made for a joke but it's actually better than other extraction horror games
1000% worth buying if you have friends to play it with. Filled with funny moments, fun gameplay and just the right amount of suspense
Okay, I have 4.5 hours in REPO now
If you want another Lethal Company style game? Then yes REPO is definitely worth it, it's a really fun take on the genre and doesn't take itself very seriously. It's goofy and KNOWS that it's goofy.
Environments are varied and interesting, enemies can be a bit similar mechanically (majority of them you just run then hide, there are only 2 or 3 I've encountered that are different)
I like that things lose value if they get bumped around, I LOVE that the game forces you to complete Multiple Targets in a level, as it really forces you to explore a map unlike other Lethal Company games
But, my biggest complaint, is that it really is just another Lethal Company game. Like for as much as they do cool stuff with the idea, it's still just another one of them lol. So that means you live about 3-4 days die and reset. As much fun as it is, I can see myself getting very bored of this if it doesn't get frequent updates. (Nothing against the devs, this just isn't the kind of game I see myself dropping 100+ hours into you know?)
So would I recommend it? Depends, if you want it? If you want it, it's at full price. I generally aim for per hour of enjoyment, so will you get 8 hours of fun out of this? Easy. More than that? Well then you might be pushing it if the update train is slow going.
So if you want it? Buy it. If you are on the fence? Maybe wait until an update drops and see if that tips you over the edge
Solo spielen ist nicht so geil denn mann akckt sich ein aber multiplayer macht sehr eine weiterentfehlung
love the TTS and the headmovement and the jiggle physics and stuff. My god this is hilarious. fully 100% recommended with friends.
Me and some idiots try to repossess some items and got shot by a blind man.
And getting a game over is actually fun.
why do my items keep getting crushed and broken by the fucking quota machine
ahm, gosto de panquecas e assim
It is a really great game to play with your friends. I have high hopes for the devs to improve this game on a high level.
sams trash
Actuellement injouable en solo malheureusement, le jeu est fait pour fun c'est certain, mais pas tout seul.
Pas de de lobby/parties ouvertes, donc si vos amis n'ont pas le jeu, vous tout seul.
Et tout seul vous n'avez pas le droit l'erreur, en une heure j'ai du faire 4-5 games la suite ou je me suis fait OS sur des combos monstres la toute porte, parfois j'arrive fouiller une ou deux salles, et c'est la porte suivante ou je prends un coup de fusil instant, porte peine entrouverte (et au travers bien sur) bref un 5/10, du potentiel l'avenir.
very fun with friends and they need to make this VR supported
GOD
KOCHAM GRE!
Best game to play with friends!
super gra taka super
Hella fun, buy it!
Un d'horreur
R.E.P.O. est une incroyable L'ambiance est ultra immersive, avec un parfait de tension et de fun en coop. Le gameplay sur la physique rend chaque mission unique et parfois hilarante.
J'adore le fait qu'on doive pour manipuler les objets et les extraire sans tout casser. Le jeu est bien et les de survie rajoutent un vrai
Si vous aimez les jeux d'horreur en multi avec une bonne dose de skill et de teamwork, foncez, vous ne serez pas
ts so peak hawkamas
R.E.P.O. > GTA VI
Simplesmente o melhor jogo do ano
This game is like lethal company but without the fun
fena
hit my friend with a bag and he got atomized
kaczka wykurwista, ale starego dziada nie
Absolutely love this game!
funny
Good balance of fear and fun
great,but i dont got friends to play it with :(
a cooler lethal company, but doesnt have online matchmaking. for someone like me that doesnt have the opportunity to play with my friends too often it would be great to be able to experience the game with others online
Good game. Lethal company + phasmophobia but less annoying and with physics.
10 / 10
Das Game is einfach mega!
mein ist nicht mehr Trocken, habe auch einen Lachkrampf des Todes Bekommen!
quero matar meus amigos
10 10
10 10,
This game is so much fun with friends. It is really good and funny. Please keep supporting the game and check it out.
Trust me the game is a lot of fun. Let us make the game even more popular.
The proximity voice chat, enemies and items are peak in this game.
toptop
Lethal company 2.0
soooooooooooo fun and soooooooooooo good
*Sad hamster Violin* after someone's death
quien un pato en el
(
Juegazooooo
wiedzy do koledze
10/10 polecam
Like a lot of people, I was pretty unsure about buying this game based off the banner but THAT and grab this game (as long as you have a few friends to play with).
After around 4 hours of playing, what I think:
PROS:
- The gameplay is smooth, the controls are a bit clunky on purpose, which makes mob fights really intense.
- The maps change enough to keep things interesting. There are three different areas (Castle, Lab, Manor), and the rooms, items, and bosses are random each time.
CONS:
- It's definitely a party game. no real ending, you just upgrade your gear and grab as much loot as you can.
- Some items are super heavy and need more than two people to carry, so need at least 3 players for certain things.
- Right now, there seem to be a way to leave the map if the last one alive and get the loot out.
- Loot can break, and if too much of it gets destroyed, you might not make enough money to finish the run, which means you're stuck and just have to let the boss kill you.
Good news devs are paying attention, and matchmaking is on the way! I really think this game is going to be amazing once it's finished.
Totally worth getting in Early Access if you've got some friends to play with.
They say Monopoly ruins friendships, but trust your buddy smash a $14k piano is a whole different kind of rage.
ABOBA
Man, the enemies in this game are so Lethal! You can see the game's made by a very passionate Company!
While the game is fine, its basically just a worse lethal company. The physics and the way you pick up and use items are annoying and get old quick, and the extremely low amount of sprint time along side the long stamina recharge means you spend most of your time slowly walking from place to place. items you pick up take damage almost randomly, barely touching any surface can cause an item to lose up to 100% of its value. this means you need to take you time and carefully move your items to the cart which makes the game take even longer to actually do. If you haven't played lethal company, there's no reason for you to spend money on this game.
i can cosplay as skibidi toilet
very nice
WE NEED CHINESE!
Yuh
Saw someone get mauled by gnomes.He got GNOMED
very good gamer
K
Aliexpress. 180, 2 + - -
Very fun with friends!
+REP OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
AWM. 10 10
server list yok dalyarraklarsa ve sadece fifa oynamak istiyosa onun 2 dost
repo reaper shi
D.E.P.O. Game Review
Platform: [Insert platform if known]
Developer: [Insert Developer Name]
Genre: Action, Strategy, Puzzle
Release Date: [Insert Release Date]
Overview
D.E.P.O. is a bold and exciting entry into the action-puzzle genre, offering players a fresh blend of strategy, quick reflexes, and thought-provoking gameplay. The game takes place in a dystopian future, where players must navigate complex environments while solving puzzles to progress. With unique mechanics and an engaging storyline, D.E.P.O. offers a blend of cerebral gameplay and heart-pounding action.
Gameplay
At its core, D.E.P.O. combines elements of stealth and puzzle-solving with high-octane action. The game places players in the shoes of a protagonist who is part of an elite team tasked with navigating a world filled with dangers, conspiracies, and enemy factions. Players must make use of their environment, deploying strategies to evade enemies, hack systems, and solve increasingly complex puzzles. The game is structured in a way that requires both patience and quick thinking, keeping you on your toes as you balance solving riddles with engaging in high-stakes action sequences.
One of the most compelling aspects of D.E.P.O. is its level design. Each stage feels meticulously crafted, offering layers of challenges that encourage replayability. The puzzles require real-world logic and creativity, while the combat mechanics are intuitive yet difficult to master. The game's difficulty curve is well-balanced, allowing players to ease into the experience while gradually ramping up the challenge.
Taki symulator ale sigma gierka
:O
X
P.S 7 lvl
good mix of scares and laughs def recommend
good
if you are Skeptical to get this becouse of the similarities to lethal company, dont worry this is way more fun and chaotic. ooops is the word you will say most in this game.
Lethal company en enlevant toute l'angoisse/peur, uniquement lors de la quelques bonnes comme le partage de vie ou le text to speech selon la police (minuscule/majuscule) et l'orientation du personnage (haut = aigue bas = grave) et le king of the hill en fin de partie. Mais globalement c'est lethal company, je passe mon tour.
Assuming this gradually gets new content, this very well could be the Lethal Company killer. Tons of fun mechanics, hilarious scenarios, terrifying monsters, and a text-to-speech chat that never stops being funny. The seemingly unnecessary yet GENIUS inclusion of the King of the Losers battle is not only great game design, but a beaming example of how creative the developers are. I have high high hopes for this game's future, and I'm sure as hell having fun with it now.
big black man stole my bean
ITS A AMAZING GAME NGL I LOVE IT. BUTTTT PLS GIVE ME THE SAME THING AS A PVP GAME THING TO PLAY ONLY ONE O ONES OR SO WHIT A FRIEND THE "COMBAT" IS FUCKING AMAZING I LOVE IT
I love it
my friends killed me, i got touched by a black ghost lady nonconsentually, 10/10
rfkynhdjm djyghf btdht gtt hth dtg hjth thth htggfyhjntgdjtcyfnh
very cool
yes
Jeux en hausse, s'approche petit a petit de sont titre de "Lethal company Killer"
I found this game from the studio's Tiktok page and gifted it to some of my friends, it was everything I expected and more! It's the type of game that would quickly become boring alone, but is made infinitely more fun when your friends join in on it. The only gripe I have is with the upgrades in the shop. You get a limited amount of money per round, and the power-ups are for a single person only. This makes getting everyone power-ups later on incredibly difficult and almost punishes you for having more players. It follows the same genre as Lethal Company but is different at the same time, if you liked Lethal Company then you will absolutely love this (as long as you have friends of course)! I'm excited to see what updates the studio will bring to this game in the future!
TL;DR - It's worth way more than the price tag and this small studio has outdone themselves, just buy it and have fun!
Gerilimle komedinin
Como un Lethal Company pero risas
very fun with friends
Very sigmas game
FUNNY
Lethal Company, - 6 10/10,
P.S.
salak keyifli
Picco
perfect
Turning my friends into 5 star voice actors in a matter of seconds
make king of loser a separately 1v1 mode
Playing R.E.P.O. with friends is lots of fun! The mix of chaotic physics, eerie environments, and teamwork-based gameplay makes every session unpredictable and fun. The proximity voice chat adds to the immersion, making it feel like you're really sneaking around in a horror-comedy heist. I definitely recommend it if you enjoy co-op games with a balance of tension and humor.
The only thing that almost made me skip this game was the goofy doesn't do justice to how fun and well-made the game actually is. Don't let that stop you from trying it!
j'ai golerie de bz
10 headshot / 10 headshot
es bastante bueno cada momento es risa es de lo mejor
y si alguien es y tiene este juego mandenme solicitud de amistad para jugar
10 10
When you see the blind man with a rifle. Remember to run up to him and talk as loud as you can.
[i] Trust [/i]
HHHH
Fantastic game, love the physics and the enemies. Seems very well made, I didn't encounter any bugs (that I'm aware of). I'm not sure why so many reviews are upset about the banner. Honestly, if someone decides to pass over a game because of the banner instead of focusing on the gameplay videos and screenshots, they're only hurting themselves with their narrow perspective. Sucks to be them, tbh.
Amazing game but you have to have friends to play with as the game doesn't have an open lobby join option, there is a single-player option too. Hopefully they add it so you can play without needing your friends online.
R.E.P.O. Ein schaurig-lustiges Koop-Erlebnis!
R.E.P.O. hat mich mit seinem einzigartigen Mix aus gruseliger und humorvollen Momenten total Das Spiel schafft es, in jeder Mission Nervenkitzel und perfekt zu vereinen ideal alle, die auch in spannenden Situationen mal herzhaft lachen
Was dieses Spiel so besonders macht:
Sehr lustig und unterhaltsam:
Trotz der Horror-Elemente kommen immer wieder witzige Momente, die das Spielerlebnis auflockern.
Kreatives Koop-Gameplay:
Teamwork steht hier im Mittelpunkt und ist der zum Erfolg. Jede Mission sich zudem einzigartig an, dank Zufalls generierte Maps.
Abwechslungsreiche Missionen:
Jede Runde bietet neue Aufgaben, die nicht nur den Puls in die treiben, sondern auch Schmunzler sorgen. Zudem sich jede Mission einzigartig an, dank Zufalls generierte Maps.
Wenn du auf der Suche nach einem Spiel bist, das Spannung, Horror und jede Menge Humor kombiniert, dann ist R.E.P.O. genau das Richtige! Absolute Empfehlung alle Koop-Fans, die auch mal sich selbst lachen
Wertung: 5 / 5
:)
Le jeu le plus goofy que j'ai pue jouer
Hilarious and entertaining with the boys 10/10
*Repo* A Great Game, But That Blind Monster Guy Can Rot
*Repo* is an intense, collection extraction experience that pulls you into its dark, terrifying world with ruthless efficiency. The atmosphere is gripping, the mechanics are deep, and the tension is palpable. But one thing that drags this masterpiece down into the depths of pure frustration: that stupid, insufferable blind guy.
This abomination is, without a doubt, one of the most infuriating enemies ever designed in a video game. He walks around around like a dead man stiff walking as slow as can be, yet somehow always manages to be in *exactly* the worst place at the worst time. He can't see, but he has the hyper-sensitive hearing of a cursed bloodhound, locking onto every accidental footstep like a heat-seeking missile of misery. Sneaking? Useless. Running? Death. Breathing? Apparently a crime.
Every encounter with this creature turns into an agonizing exercise in patience, as you crouch in a corner, praying it suddenly decide to waddle over and ruin your entire playthrough. And the worst part? It *always* does. The developers must have designed this thing purely out of spite, because there is no logical reason for a creature this annoying to exist.
If there were a way to erase this thing from the game (or from reality itself), *Repo* would be a flawless experience. Until then, every encounter with this auditory menace is a test of endurance, willpower, and the strength of my keyboard as it narrowly avoids being hurled across the room.
Final Verdict: 9/10, would be a 10 if that blind monster met a permanent and fiery demise.
dude, this game is great! I am a grown ass man, being accused of screaming like a little girl constantly when I play this game.
not that scarry just annoying
j'adore ce jeu il est fun jouer entre potes je me suis
The text to speech is a genius move
please change the goddamn banner
Fun and scary. Played with friends and it was fun. Would recomend not playing alone just to enjoy the shenagains that go about with friends
git
Muy recomendado, sobre todo si juegas con amigos, te hechas unas risas y el juego esta lleno de momentazos inesperados. que crear un genero solo para este tipo de juegos estilo R.E.P.O. o Content Warning
Je n'est vu que deux maps pour le moment mais le jeux est super fun vivement que du nouveau contenue sorte comme des nouvelles maps et nouveaux monstre j'ai eu que 2h sur se jeux et je peux dire que il est tout aussi que flippant (je me suis tuer la gorge en criant lors d'une de mes games) et encore mieux en jouant avec ses amis!
No Fine China was destroyed during the development of this game.
better than Lethal Company
yes
it's aight
The banner needs to go lol, good game though.
Its like Outlast and Spongebob had a child by accident and locked in on being good parents instead of putting it up for adoption
take those dudes from fall guys, and the gameplay of lethal company, and out comes this abomination of mediocre theatrics.
kolege i spuscilem go w kiblu a on mnie obrzygal. W skrocie swietna gra, czekam na aktualizacje!
Ahogy Hodd a fejemet elkapta egy galamb elkezdtem eset amikor egy doboz pakoltunk oldalba kapta egy vak 10/10
Nice
dont play if you don't have friends
or just go into the discord and find some people there
game is fun
el juego es buenismo, lo que le faltaria que la maquina de extracion si pide $10.000 y llegamos a esa cantidad. no se cierre sola, deberia tener un boton para cuando lleguemos a la cantidad que nos pide, asi podemos traer mas objetos valiosos
is it replayable? yes.on the condition that you are fine with no actual player progression and its just sort of mission based. when you complete levels, it creates a save file. and you can leave and come back to the save file to progress in your upgrades. but honestly besides that there really isnt any other reward. if you die, you just have to completely start over.
dont play this for its main purpose. just play it if you're trying to have fun with friends. its a lot like Liar's Bar. sure you can lock in and be competitive but i mean its not really fun that way. its more for a short 1-2 hour entertainment and then you go do something else.
i hope they add even more content than what is currently available overtime, not in the sense of oh there isn't enough procedural generation or anything like that, i mean earnable cosmetics, earnable missions, more gamemodes, shared upgrades, things like that.
some features the community has already developed like the shared upgrades, you just have to mod with thunderstore or whatever.
tl;dr:
its worth the $8.
playing by yourself? Have fun for 1-2 hours.
Playing with friends? depending on how everyone interacts and are enjoying themselves, you'll be playing for a while.
the best co-op game
a very funny game
Lethal What? Jk. But this game takes the lethal company systems and truly innovates to create something unique! WHAT A SICK GAME.
This game is the best game, but it needs friends
Show
silly as fuck. blow it up
the attention to detail and lack of bugs on launch speaks volumes for this game. hits the nail on the head of how to design the genre. hope to see cosmetics at some point. game banner should also be the robot mascots, not the emoji guy
The emoji banner really makes this game look like a trash asset flip but it's a really good lethal company like that's excessively silly(fond)
nimn
SUPER FUN
game is fire, keep the taxman emoji banner its fire
I had a lot of fun playing with friends. Probably the most i have laughed in a while.
o taxman riu de mim te odeio vem trampar no meu lugar lixo 10/10
Fuuunnnny
si
Fun
FUN
i was here before chef and mentalist got famous
veramente divertente, in si meglio
It's like Lethal Company, but good
Game is fun, I imagine this is what it is like to work in an amazon warehouse. gotta find the money before the boss finds you. and if you mess up then gotta reduce the workforce to get new hires. just like Redundancy but with Decimation.
simple game, simple game play, but fun and you get exactly what you pay for a crazy adventure. definitely recommend.
La que se obtiene en este videojuego es algo que llena a por mayor. no hay ganadores, solo perdedores y mejor rato que luchar contra tus amigos para saber es el rey de los perdedores o, de lo contrario, todos somos unos trolls reyes de nada. Nada me satisface mejor que golpear a mi amigo con una bolsa de dinero y ocasionar una para verle morir y luego cargar su cabeza por de media hora porque no llegamos al dinero necesario para dejar de ser pobres y tener nuestro setup o el moster jonter wils. 10/10. Si quieres pasar un rato agradable, darte cagazos inesperados; este juego es para ti. )
banger
YESSSSSSSSSS
MUY JAJA MUY FUNNY MUY XD LOL MUY HAHAH like
Just think, Lethal company and Lockdown protocol together and you have this masterpiece! the game is actually fun and good. That's the game i was looking to play with my friends, the game mechanic, the physics, the movement, just everything about this game is perfect, i just wished that i could save the last game even if we died, just like Lethal company. I seriously love this game even if i have only 2 hours, I woke up my family by screaming at my friends, i love that i can flush the toilet when my friends ar in it!. just don't buy this game if u don't have any friends to play it with, imo, play this game with at least 3 people, way more fun!. me and my friends played this game for 2 hour straight and i have so much clips of us dying and screaming at each other, and only for 5 dollars, pretty worth it!. I really recommend this game if u want to have fun and scream. BTW i really love the emoji for their game
10/10 ez
amazing game 10/10 funny as hell
al oyunu 20 saat sonra
Hide
esto juego es una locura, es lo mejor para jugar con amigos o no, con amigos te puedes quedar horas hechandotes unas risas mientras que ves a tu otro amigo explotar porque lo mataron, lo mas guapo es la tienda, que puedes usar los objetos sin pagar para probarlos, sigan actualizando el juego!
When i went into this game, i thought it was going to be one of those lethal company clones that you play on an evening with your friends once and never think about it twice again after that.
However, after playing it with my pals it turned out this game was incredibly more in depth than i thought it would be. Instead of having a few inventory slots you have to juggle items and scrap with, you get a shopping cart that you can stack full with items
The fact that items have durability was a fun twist too, making it so you need to handle them with care if you want to meet quota. I also like the fact that the map allows you to see the best route to the current objective, as well as the fact that there is no time limit. The game knows the main objective is to make as much money as you can, and it facilitates it by making the experience as confortable as possible. As for the monsters, having to be stealthy around them and having to hide feels so much more intense and engaging than just having to run away in the opposite direction. The one thing i have mixed feelings on is the logo of the game, i really don't see how the crying laughing emoji could fit the game's aesthetic, cause it makes it feel like a "meme joke game" which it is NOT in the SLIGHTEST. The gameplay is intricate and engaging, the monster design is really good, and the visuals are incredible. I get that its a reference to how the taxman speaks to you through emojis, which i thought was funny, but it just doesnt portray the game well enough in my eyes.
However, the fact that my biggest gripe with the game isn't even part of the experience itself says a lot.
Its very challenging but rewarding at the same time. Difficult to get over enemies
Better than lethal company I hope this beats that furry game.
I po
Haha. HAHAHAHAHAHHAA
Over all its a fun game. Since it is in early access I am hoping that they will listen to feedback and make it even better. The mobs seem a little more tanky then they should be. I put a grenade at the huntsman's feet and it went off AT HIS FEET and he didnt die. Hes a blind old guy. That should kill him. Another thing, is that the items breaks way too easy that its annoying. I had an enderman thing spawn in front of me and it cut the line I was holding my item with and the item broke. Another round I had to turn my face away to not get attacked and the item broke. These items should not be SO FRAGILE. If a monster straight up attacks the items then sure but not if I bump it into a wall. There is no way to set this stuff down gently. I wish the stuff wasnt so fragile. I also wish there was a way to know how many objects were on the map in total. Like in the corner of the map or screen say there are "20 items" on this map OR have a way to scan and it tell me how many items are left, like 3/20 items.
+
- -
funny with friends
JOGO BOM
very funny and scary game
This game has shown how stupidly funny my friends can be.
Lowkey if you CAN get this game then GET it cause this game is so peak, I haven't been able to buy many games cuz I'm saving up but when I laid my eyes on this game through tiktok I knew I had to get this.
So I told my friends to get this as well and we play it everyday for so long.
This game has so many funny effects when picking up certain items and some flying monster that pitches your voice down and vomits everywhere.
This game is also in Early Access and yet so fun. Hopefully they won't ruin it.
Also ignore the ugly ass banner it's a fun game
10/10 Game
Can run on my horrid 'school' laptop on high graphics.
Very fun but you basically have to join the discord to play public
discord.gg/repo
this game is really fun but i wish there was a public server system
De todas las copias de "lethal company" este es el primero que estuve dispuesto a pagar, jugar y no devolver
entretenido incluso jugarlo en "singleplayer" pero quisiera que mis amigos lo tuviesen
Si alguien quiere jugar mandar solicitud de amistad
Love the game, but please for the love of god change the emoji on the store artwork.
Very Goofy And Scary.
Repo mies se kaiken ties!
nig
This game is absolutely hilarious, 10/10
so much fun. I am finding it annoying that if i die at any level I lose ALL my progress and have to start over from zero. This is very annoying. I wish I could save after each level.
Es ist lustig und ist einfach nur Lethal Company aber besser / viel besser!
norm
I legit skipped over this game a bunch of times because of the stupid emoji banner. I didn't even take a second look at it until word of mouth got to me. They need to get rid of it.
Outside of the stupid emoji banner this game is great. I'm loving it so far. Feels like it has more potential than lethal company even.
Genuinely one of the funniest games ever played. Only negative is it can be a little difficult and easy to get lost. A Scan option like Lethal would drastically improve this game, as well as an improved respawn system. Besides that, practically a steal for the price! 9/10!
Also YouTube - Papa Shadow
Shameless self promotion I made a video on this game and hilarious, go watch it
voy a cagar a palo al viejo de mierda
meilleurs investissement
"R.E.P.O"
"R.E.P.O"
P.S. "R.E.P.O"
romania sim
Muito divertido para jogar com os amigos!
top dms
11 10
10 10
p.s.
gra roku ;]
esta muy bueno y mas con amigos pero si juegas solo te cagas
GUD
bon jeu, dans la de Lethal Company.
C'est jouer plusieurs (4 6 joueurs de il y a une de ragdoll qui rend le tout vraiment
Seul du jeu, c'est que souvent il est difficile ou de tuer les ennemis. Parfois on se fait tuer sans savoir trop pourquoi ni comment. Mais le jeu est en early access donc que va avec le temps.
Lethal company but funnier and more fun
10/10
JAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJJAAJAJAJ ENSERIO CRES QUE VOY A PONER UNA
VERY SIGMA VERY FUNNY (I AM BAD AT IT)
LETHALDEN KAT DAHA
10/10 would rape agian
VERY GUD
Absolutna kinematografia
wanna smack your friend with a grandfather clock?
Go for it.
It'll cost you money, and now you're alone getting your butthole chewed by monsters.
30/10
Muito divertido, adoro o estilo do jogo, o ambiente criado e a meio bizarra. 10/410
super gierka, co nie miara ze znajomymi :)
I've played a lot of similar style games and R.E.P.O is one of my favorites. The physics, the voice chat, and the entities are all really fun. The feeling of disgust when your buddy breaks a 2k diamond is top tier.
Funniest game ive ever played, many levels and can just gice you a good time with friends or people you dont even know. cheap for what it gives you
I did not had this much fun in ages. The funny stuff is just piling up and i love this game because of that. Totaly recomending
good
in my first game i was convinced to press q and then seconds later was brutally butt fucked by 3 individuals
Have friends to play this with if you enjoy fun. Play solo if you dont.
Very sex
i still dont know what repo means
dumm witzig
good game
gotta be the funniest shit iv ever played would recommend playing this with friends
my friend defused a bomb next to me or should i say attempted. killed us both. i need more updates please. i crave more content. maybe a stamina regen upgrade?
J'adore c'est devenu l'un de mes jeux
IT IS SO FUCKING FUN TO PLAY WITH FRIENDS A LOT BETTER THAN LETHAL COMPANY
VERY GUD
VERY FUN AND GOOD!
i like sacrificing my friends to creatures i would recommend
fun and silly
Banger
The game has not been out for long as I'm writing this review, but in its current state. I like this a lot more than even Lethal Company itself.
BIG part of it are the robots you play as. The way they're shaped, the way they move their mouth if you speak (or use TTS, another great feature that puts this one apart), the way their eyes follow the cursor (of the host at least), the way they're so animated in the lobby as well. The lobby is so neat with the simple robot movements, that I wish Discord had these kinds of moving avatars over the green light flairing up when people talk. All in all, they make for fun in-game moments and clips and create a goofy yet endearing atmosphere.
But of course, no amount of robot perfection will help you if the game itself isn't fun, which it is. A lethal -like game where you can actually fight back the monsters without it being too broken? One without a set in stone time restraint on going around collecting things? One with a pretty fun variety of monsters and maps (despite there being only three themes, but the variety comes in the way they're build up)? In a game that has barely been out!?!
In short, I do recommend Repo if you've been into lethal-like games at all lately and have games that haven't been burned out on the genre yet (or might be encouraged to give this one a go regardless).
All I wish for is that they'd change that awful banner and game icon. Had I not seen the immense amount of "Overwhelmingly positive reviews", I wouldn't have clicked onto the game at all.
freaky ahh game with lobotomy gameplay. Love it. <3
3 100% 100%
amazing game new lethal company killer loving this game
Very Funny game
This game is really fun. HOWEVER, if you are looking for something EASY or BALANCED this is not the game for you. My boyfriend and I were playing and he bought a grenade in case we ran into any monsters and it stunned the monster for all of 2 seconds. Needless to say he was pissed when he died. I LOVE this game though! It's hilarious and if you have a large friend group, this is the game for you!
Le he echado 14 horas en apenas 2 este juego pilla todo lo bueno de Lethal Company y lo hace y divertido. De momento se echa en falta una lobby para jugar con gente, aunque con amigos de lo que he podido jugar la experiencia es muy buena y divertida y las horas se pasan volando.
De momento con la primera del Early Access la que me llevo es bastante buena.
Sehr lustiges Horror spiel nicht zu schwer
ihr wissen
Yes
Hilarious with friends. Lethal Company is good this is just better.
ragdoll! Lethal Company,
bon jeu avec grand potentiel
i got kidnapped by diddy and weird monster lookings things touched me in one session.
the goat game fr fr
my friends cant get pass day 2 because they throw grenades at eachother in the shop leaving all of us at 1 hp so thats pretty lit
goty si le pudiera dar una orden de alejamiento al pato qliao
Earn Money, Survive the Horrors
Fun Voicechat
yes
Super fun game!
Gra roku
Super great multiplayer game even in early access! I love the animations of characters and monsters, and they can give you a massive jump scare if you aren't paying attention! New favorite game to stream online! <3
when he puts it inside, it makes me scream :)
10 10
PEAK
fun
tek girip bir dedim 2. adam geldi selam verdim herif alttan vurdu aq yerde cani herif cesedime
very funny
-
P.S. 10 10
10-15
se preparo se puso linda su amiga llamaba
cool game w friends
love it
jogo bom demais, quem quiser participar do grupo ativo do jogo aqui da steam, chegar mais
Highly recommend. Fun and funny to play with lots of friends. Recommend doing the tutorial to understand all the mechanics of the game.
Well waht can i say:
- Enter
- Break stuff
- Run
- Repeat
10/10
the bugs are a feature and very funni, please leave them in
this game is so cute and fun i love it
but is there any Discord sever ? im german and speak fluently english/german
3 20
G
Absolute cinema the game
yes
Amazing.
10/10
very funny very good yes i likeyes
Agreguen Matchmaking por favoooooooorr
funny n nice
" Sosal? "
ntvf
one time your safe the other is being eaten by a giant head
the inner voice actor comes out
shitpost lethal company
semiwork,
On se marre vraiment bien entre potes pour 9.75 euros vaut le coup
that fucking bird that i hate
Legendary hacker sucks balls
FUNNY AF. First time playing yesterday and i had a blast. The more people in the lobby, the more fun!
This game is very fun. The physics are kind of janky sometimes, and the amount of damage things take from minor bumps are kind of annoying, but I imagine itll be balanced/changed as things go along.
Its like Lethal Company, mixed with Amnesia-like physics interactions and functional stealth mechanics.
The monsters are cool and unique. Theres a good spread of bad things to keep you and your friends on your toes, and not all of them are out to immediately kill you. There is a pretty good variety of map types/themes to explore as well and they all feel pretty unique from eachother.
Its even fun to play solo and entirely possible to do so. I like that you dont have a time limit on your mission so you can take your time, sneak around and hide from the monsters and gather all the loot you can. There is also a fun, unique way for the match to end if you and your friends fail to get enough loot to satisfy the Tax Man.
Tldr; All in all, one of the best Lethal-likes to hit the market recently. Many have tried to some success, but I feel like so far this game does it best. Lots of unique map types, enemies, loot and no timer to restrict you. If you fail your mission you can still beat up your friends to be the top loser. Easily worth the 10 dollars.
Doesn't feel like early access which is good, buy if you have friends :)
Very good fun with a lot of friends, but with a few shat my pants. GG.
Powiem tylko tyle gram solo bo nie mam nikogo, czekam na publiczne servery ale mimo tego ze gram solo to gra jest absolute cinema, Polecam :)
:D
130.
Not sure why people are saying the emoji banner makes it look cheap. That's Taxman's face as far as we know, so it makes sense. Either way, I like where this game is going so far. As of right now, multiplayer seems to have some goofy shenanigans rather than actual scares. But singleplayer so far has been more spooky and I've been taking it like a stealth game.
Definitely would recommend and may even convince my friends to buy it.
Edit: Didn't need to. They all also bought it already
MUITO PQP!
the most boring shit ever. literally has no fun value at all. id prefer to play the demo version of the first sims for 10h rather than 1h of this shit.
wow
Extremely fun game!
super jeu a jouer a plusieurs, surtout avec le mode vocal du jeu qui attire les monstre essayer vous allez rigoler
12 10
[eq
its fun you can pick up your friend head if there dead or if they cant do anything and you can play with the bad part is they get really madd and sometimes even rage quit
9.75$ meglio spesi, forza frosinone
GOTY
OIOIOIOIOI v chat
Groot Bek
Juegazo para cagarse de risa con amigos, muy recomendado
tutup tuvalete sokup yada lethal company'nin
really funny game and good with friends
great game
)
a cool game for one that just came out, but I would like the developers to add a sandbox mode where you could take everything for free and respawn
tbh the banner bunk but it's fun as hell
chaos incarnate, that's what this game is only play this if you have friends, its just better Lethal company. The shock wave items (Grenade and mine) are tons of fun and I haven't event used them in an actual level yet but flinging around my friends in the market with them instead. I have no clue how to fight any of the monsters but getting abducted and panicking to try and run back to my group after being deposited by some gnomes in the corner of a bathroom only to run into a giant red demon and spend the next 3 minutes trying (in vein) to escape them. After I died in that faithfull encounter I got the pleasure of watching the last remaining friend try in vein to put a block of something expensive but heavy in the cart for 4 minutes loosing thousands of dollars in the process when the extract point was one door away. Overall very fun game wold recommend with the right friends also, in the arena type \/ over and over and itll overwhelm there ears with "Backslash slash" over and over until you win ;)
played 40mins with my brother, laughed so hard i almost fainted. already 10/10!
Even though this game is still in Early Access, besides the resolution issue. Everything that is in this game is absolutely amazing and really funny. This game aims to be one of the most engaging games made due to its creativity of its humor. I see this game lasting for a long time like how lethal company did. As of so far, the game is amazing, really well developed and i would play this game more when the whole game fully releases. I would recommend, adding in a auto fill feature, and the ability to change the resolution of the game for many players. I would stick around and play this game even though its in early access because i had fun playing it with my team of men.
INCREIBLE, goty.
El juego es genial genial una aunque no tan necesaria ya que el concepto es
Obviamente, para que el juego no muera con el tiempo, genial que fueran agregando enemigos, mazmorras, etc.
tomar algunas ideas de mods del lethal company jjsdnjs). 10/10
its similar in only one way to lethal company but expands upon that idea and adds cool elements such as upgrades weapons beyond melee and new mechanics to a looter.
10/10 je to prdel
funny
i sold my friend to get this game, and i liked it, its 10/10. but there is a problem now, i have no more friends to play with.
13 10
Good game
200HP,
12/10
gut
every day
its really fun but for now you need friends to play with or you can play solo
Loved it, super funny and great game to play with friends
Jeu entre pote, mais il faut y minimum 3 pour que celui-ci soit amusant
123
Excellent en groupe
I LOVE THIS GAME :3
1. wh
2. 90 5 10 5)
3.
4.
might be the funniest game ive ever played
Great game to enjoy with friends. Best thing is that it is up to 6 players, no more rotating friends.
Un vrai fun en coop
Besser als Lethal company
Ho my goddd
Mukavaa kaverin/kavereitten kanssa
fun with friends! (i don't have friends)
Went in expecting yet another cheap Lethal Company clone meant to ride off of the "multiplayer horror game with proximity voice chat" trend that LC seems to have sparked; and after only 2 sessions I am pleasantly surprised to admit I was wrong.
Though admittedly some of the games that came out of that trend prior were genuinely enjoyable, it always felt as though they were cobbled together to make a quick buck off of the trend.
I can confidently say that even if there are major ressemblances to some of the other games from that trend, this one managed to earn my respect by both the amount of effort put into its content/polish, and by its unique style and personality. It's a beautiful mix of order and chaos through silly little physics which when put together in such a way works surprisingly well
Until time eventually proves me wrong, I believe R.E.P.O. to be one of, if not THE greatest game to have come out of this trend by a significant margin.
Of course one last step remains for it to keep that tittle: it needs to stand the test of time through the replayability of the features that are already implemented, and potentially through the addition of a couple extras since these kinds of games usually greatly benefit from such.
Either way the experience as-is (in the present time) is more than enough, congratulations to the developers for making such an enjoyable experience
Absolutely Adorbs
360.
11 10
Play with friends, max 6 players. It's fun and casual, not complicated like LC.
-
EZ TO LEARN NGL LOVE IT 10/10
Hilarous, love the style and themes of this game and the challenges depending on the number of the entities and wich one they are, however a little disapointed that this isn't worldwide multiplayer and you can only play with your steam friends. Hope they change that because it could attract even more peoples that don't have many friends like me with r.e.p.o. in their game list and talking about the banner the emoji, it could be changed as well because how the heck did I thought this game could be this funny and creepy just by seeing an creepy laughing emoji.
Its a very well done game.
The game is awesome, i genuinely love it more than Lethal Company, quite a few spoopy things, the very cute and lovely little robot characters, the text to speech, the mishaps, the mess-ups and the funny factor they have they are all awesome!
If i have one suggestion is to make some quality of life updates such as adding a confirm button for the extraction points as you can be left out very easily with unsold items and one more thing which bugs me and also made me dodge this game was the banner and the logo with that emoji, it genuinely looks like one of those fake games that you install and get viruses from it, please change that as it obviously disengage's potential future players from purchasing it, as a first interaction that emoji thingy is terrible, i was lucky to see the gameplay from my friends otherwise i would have never touched this game and as i can see there are a lot more people in the reviews that went through the same thing.
We got taken away.
R.E.P.O 10/10, DLC
Android
15 10
bruh finally we got Half Life 3
@Orgasm Panic
i love robots and i love carts
I don't usually like horror but it's just the right amount of fear and ragdoll physics humor. It's just scary enough to really make you run, but not too much to cause you a heart attack. it's the perfect set up for the FUNNIEST and STUPIDEST moments with your friends. I fucking love it. It's so simple yet so good. I really like how it's not too demanding so I can play even on my tiny laptop
blueberry flavor
Solid
yes
Lethal Company but better
10 10
'
W
I can't play horror games, but this with friends is just SO FUN
highly recommend
para um caralho KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK, jogar com amigos muito bom.
Fun game but dont get me wrong it's still very creepy.
3
W
Too Juicy to handle
super funny
10 10,
gret game play it
bwing fwends
tralalelo tralala
el juego es bueno, pero me gustaria que estuviera en mi idioma
oyun fakat cok op. Oyunun en biri chate YARRRRRAK YAZARKEN r harfini ne kadar okuyor harika
ran from gnomes, died to a duck
I later battled to the death, and I won a neat lil crown!
it's a fun alternative to lethal company, I highly recommended!
soundpad+R.E.P.O
10 10
11 5
8 10
genuinely one of, if not the most hilarious game i've ever played
Very fun with friends.
ottimo gioco, ma solamente se avete amici con di due neuroni
11\10
wowowow
funny gaem ver funy!
enjoying this more than lethal company on its release
big head stupit
Great game. Love the flying sperm monster!
le jeu est trop drole et pas cher avec des pote c a mourir de rire
5
A pretty fun game for the gang to play, lots of laughs and fun with the tipple of scariness lol
Esse jogo mt bom slc, altas risadas
Apenas um amigo estava vivo. Enquanto carregava um objeto ele so escutou um grito atras dele. Depois de ouvir o som ele virou lentamente aceitando sua morte
I feel like the GREATEST assets here
Best game, basically lethal company but funnier, better, and has phyisics
I love this game, it's super fun with friends. It's like Lethal Company, where you have to go to these abandoned places and collect items for money, but you CAN'T LEAVE the level until you collect enough money, so it's either win or die. The text to speech system is absolutely hilarious, and the map system is well done. If you've got like 9 bucks to spare, I heavily recommend this game.
its vary good game
Funny game, very nice. Geil Geil
[h2] R.E.P.O. MARAVILHOSO [/h2]
[hr][/hr]
Ele supera Lethal Company em muitos aspectos, principalmente por causa da criatividade que tiveram em ao design dos bonecos e a coleta de itens ser baseada em controlar a [spoiler] isso, como foram muito criativos na jogabilidade, na variedade dos itens - e seus efeitos - e nas de de objetos + do mapa [/spoiler]
simplesmente a ouvir os gritos do seu amigo, olhar pro lado e ver um bonequinho correndo na sua com os olhos esbugalhados e com a bocarra aberta, carregando um objeto com o dobro do tamanho dele - e batendo em tudo -, enquanto foge de algum monstro bizarro.
[b] As variadas e inesperadas formas de morrer nesse jogo tornam ele melhor. [/b]
[spoiler] Se gravar a gameplay do jogo, vai se arrepender nem um pouco [/spoiler]
xin shiluhi,
Funny game with friends (anyone who disagrees has a false opinion)
4
Honestly, the monsters aren't the biggest problem when u have frinds like the ones I have
guzel
adad
bloody,
uzun en 6 saat aq
This game is so good, people are keeping the game alive in the steam discussions and finding groups!
Easy to find new friends even without a lobby system!
Best Game Around, lots of hackers though but they chill
Shift, 0
i nearly pissed my self so if your looking for horror come here
This Game is Just Too Good, it's Funny, it's Scary, And The Physics Just Make it Better! 10/10!
NO DESPERDICIE UN CENTAVO.
Amazingly fun game, had a blast playing. Can't wait for more additions to the game and updates. Definitely recommend to anyone who has a few hours free with friends.
I've not got many hours on the game and normally I don't write reviews but this is one of the most fun games I've ever played with friends. If I had more friends on at the same time I'd have more hours by now but alas I do not. Either way this is a very fun game and the physics engine used is spectacular. I got it as a gift but I would spend money on it again and again if I could
sikim
MUITO BOM
Guys whats that in the shado-
this is by far the funniest multiplayer game ive ever played 10/10 would recommend for a group of friends
Don't let the "trailers" or whatever you wanna call them fool you. First things first if you have no friends you need to find servers through the official discord. no like, Public lobbies or whatever. If you seen a YouTuber or tiktoker or something playing this game, And you're like OMG it looks so funny. Yeah, THEY'RE funny, You're probably not lmaooo. This game runs off of the assumption that you have a friend group and it really changes the experience of the game. This is the same situation as lockdown protocol, lethal company and panicore. Someone makes a game, Influencers play it, People see them having fun, They buy it, Then its not what they expected when they watched it online. All in all, Its NOT WORTH $10 it was 100% worth $7 but not $10. Yeah call me broke for not wanting to spend the extra $3 but i coulda bought a battlepass in a big title game and had more fun than i did with this.
To sum it up? This game is fun as heck (if you have friends) If you're a lone soul, DO NOT buy this game. I had the time of my life with the 2 hours i played this, But its 100% non-playable when your friends are offline or not in the mood to play. Reason why this game should be $5 instead of 7, But they made it 10. typical money grab
(refund me $3 in steam credits and ill change my review)
Ignore the stupid emoji banner, the game is actually fun and good.
(seriously devs, the banner just makes it look like any of the thousand backgrounds asset flip analog horror games plaging steam. maybe consider. changing it. put the lil muppet robots front and center!)
In any case, theres obviously a lotta love and care put into this game with tons of small touches that just really round it out and I look forward to seeing what the devs do with it.
geile game
Lethal company but more silly and i love it
It's like Lethal Company, but. different. if you haven't played Lethal Company, then it's like Phasmophobia, but. very different. If you haven't played Lethal Company or Phasmophobia, then. I don't know if you'll like this game.
This game is AMAZING! I love it but there are some bugs that break the experience. When we were selling it totally forgot about the other items we had in the extractor and our entire game was screwed. there were no more items because instead of selling all the items in the extractor, it sold the higher value item. we had to reset but we spent almost 30 minutes searching around an small map.
Tahle hra je dokonalou
nice aftors game
Change/improve the fucking banner
This is like if you put Lethal Company in a hilarity blender and added GMod physics. I have had such a riot playing this in the last week with friends. I simply cannot recommend it enough. It will make you laugh, it will make you angry, it will make you scared. I usually don't like "Early Access" tags on games, because you're taking a risk, but this is already a complete game package as it stands now.
its really funny with friends i just tried it for a short time and i must say if you want a game whats really easy to play and have fun with friends this game is the right choice i hope this game will get more updates and mods too.
Excellent funny game to play with your friends.
Very, very, very funnier and horror :D
Bien.
Best lethal company like so far!
amazing game
360
Muy buen juego y divertido
If you take a look at the steampage of R.E.P.O with it's silly banner and you think to yourself "Oh, another horror-coop loot-collection game? Why should I spent money, when I already have a few games like that?" I'll try to help your inner spending-demon find arguments to purchase this game regardless.
R.E.P.O is a horror-coop game that gives the loot-collection genre a new and exciting twist by being a 100 percent physics based game. What that means is, that the objects you interact with (and also you and your friends little roboter characters) will react to their environment.
The objects you collect to pay the mysterious AI "Taxman" can and WILL break. You will definitely scream at your friends for breaking a 1.200$ vase. You can also get your revenge, by pushing the loot cart (yes, you don't need to carry ALL the loot by yourself) into your friends and make them ragdoll through the level.
It also has fantastic mechanics like voice changing effects, funny easter eggs and a VERY funny text-to-speech option. There is nothing funnier than hearing your friend, crouched from under a table and hiding from a cute monsterous duck, say "Only an idiot says quack" over this feature.
Other than that I recommend you check out the games studio on YouTube, where they are very open in the communication regarding the games plans and issues. (Latest one being about match-making lobbies, that are currently in active developement) Semiwork seems to be an aspiring studio that loves the games they make and try to stick with them and polish them, until they are done. (Planned features being character customazation, more level design and new enemies, .)
I can wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone that can also get a few friends to play. One thing I will say though: If you decide to play with 3 or less players, the runs will be tough!
Hopefully my stupid review about this very fun game with its horrible header picture could help your inner spending demon persuade you into also playing the game. If so: Have fun and remember: Only an idiot says quack!
good and fun
trop de voir ses potes mourir
my pants r brown.
fun game for friends
fun game
Never laughed this hard playing a game. Amazing stuff.
bra spill
Unique monsters, randomized levels, and getting money? Book Book Book
it cant be this good
Q,
Its like lethal company but waaaaaay better and funnier with friends.
YOU NEED friends for this game
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
10/10
No online matchmaking is no fun
El juego me lo meti en el culo y la verdad me encanto, no puedo creer lo bien que me cupo a pesar de ser mi primera vez en este tipo de experiencias puedo decir con orgullo que lo repetiria una y otra vez a pesar que me empiece a doler, no dudaria ni un momento en meterme algo de este calibre por el culo.
Recomendadicimo al 100%
Actual Gem of a Game. It manages to be extremely funny and scary all at once and it being Physics based adds on to it. Having to be unaware of your surroundings well picking up items with insane value with 2 other friends just to lose all of it because you get jumped by the Monsters and have to run away is awesome.
10\10
jogo bom PRA K7
tudo bem feitinho e dms, canso de jogar isso com meus manos pq eles burros que todo dia uma chapuletada diferente. simplesmente maravilhoso.
50% fun 50% fear absolutly balance
fun, and can lead you to cardiac arrest
Cant wait for new maps, mobs and loot. This game is amaizing!
Simply, a amazing game, nomination worthy even in Early Access.
Podoba mi jak z kolegi to cie
peak
fun
Def the best lethal company type game aside from content warning.
Es un buen juego para jugar con mas de 2 amigos si no se vuelve un poco mas aburrido, pero lo recomiendo ya que saca muchas risas y tiene cosas muy completas que ningun juego de este estilo lo tienen.
THIS IS BEST GAME I LOVE TIME SLOW THING
More friends more fun
I'm a solo guy. There is no option to join other people lobbies. And you have to add them as your steam friend to join their lobby which is dumb. Game need to bring these feature like Lethal company otherwise a part of solo gamer will struggle to have fun.
great with friends only
Game is super fun, and even if on first version it's very well made. Definitely feels like they might add cosmetics since you can wear a crown when your last one standing. I can't wait when their are mods uploaded for this game to make it funner like it was for Lethal Company
180
more funny than lethal
meilleur que lethal company clairement
Mds que jogo para reunir a galera e jogar
Jogo pesa nada para jogar, tem uma
Tem sustos aquele de sair traumatizado, mas aqueles que render muitas risadas com a galera
meu conselho que tenha amigos para jogar, assim o jogo fica muito mais divertido
This game is awesome, this game follows the lethal company formula and brings it to a whole other level. It is very unique in a way and I hope more lethal company games can be more unique like this.
good
This game is prettyyy fun, but im having issues connecting to online servers, because as of 3/6/2025 i dont think you can play this game online unless you have friends to invite. i would give this game a thumbs up if there was online servers.
I flushed my friend down a toilet 10/10
a
Great game better than lethal company. Hope devs will support game.
Funniest co-op game ever
Good game
game is way better than lethal company, the monsters they have are 10x times harder and I can't wait to see what else they add to this game <3 <3 <3
I really love this game! It's just like Lethal Company but more fun, even without mods.
And. I can spectate my friend frustratingly trying to rotate and drag a server computer block for long time, only to break it right in front of the extraction.
(Yep, you need friends to play this game)
good ol' fashion lethal-style fun : ) I like the tax man he makes me excited : )
my teammate bet 20$ that I would die first and he immediately got domed in the head by an old man with a double barrel
10/10
This is a very promising game, very fun with alot of interesting elements. Combines some hard enemy's with some easy, even tho its a lethal copy i find it more fun. 10/10
Lethal Company, 5
Imagine Lethal company but not as such a serious loot gathering game more, enjoyable with tons of mobs and things that can hurt / kill / even float. Play up to 6 People(make a discussion post for randoms to join) while servers are manually hosted. Enjoy the fun
it looks fun but i got no friends so i might refund
really cool game when friends ragdoll you can sacrifice them to the demon 100% recommend
oski suge
Meter el
most hilarious game ive probably played before sick with friends and honestly just amazing
So far so good. 1 hour in and I have yet to encounter the same monster!
-
They should add the loser pvp to a real gamemode because its fun
me gusta que maten a raul
zaebis'
Mismos objetivos que lethal company pero mucho mejor:
~Incluye Podes chocar con el carrito, agarrar a tus amigos mientras chiquitos y mucho mas.
~Objetos que te modican tu voz: El reloj de arena te hace efecto falopero y hay un monstruos que es un ojo que
~Objetos de gran Siendo 1 no puede pero con 3 o 4 hasta 5 trasladarlo es como hacer una mudanza pero sin que se te rompan nada
~Game Over: Cuando pierdan o falla la van a una arena tipo Battle Royale que se deben cagar a palo y tirarlo fuera del ring el ultimo que quede convida seria el 'Rey de los Perdedores" Te ganas una corona por el resto de la partida
PD: Te pueden revivir agarran tu cabeza y colocarlo en la cumpliendo la cuota
PDD: Cuando esten en la tienda pueden usar items sin tener que comprarlo (activar drons, minas) si mueren en la tienda reviven con la cantidad que tuvieron antes
oyuna
kutuya koy
gelsin
singleplayerda
seni katletsin
game over
-
oynamay
olan dokunsun
hepinizi katlestin
game over
muimuimuimuimuimuimuimuimuimuimuitototototototototototo bombombombombombombombombombombombom o o o o o o o o jojojojojojojogogogoggogogogogo
sou gago nas tecla
good
spoko gra ale jak symulator 2
This game is absolutely fantastic! incredibly fun and guarantees plenty of laughs. Highly recommended!
Incredible game to play with friends and the physics mechanics are incredible
if u have friends u should buy it
12/10
R.E.P.O,
Ye
Polecam, jest kieruje na
this game taught me how to be a terrorist
11/10
This game is phenominal, even solo mode is great. Hope we are able to earn cosmetics or a currency to get cosmetics by playing for some more replay value.
10 10
Romanian simulator
10 10.
great game to play with a group of friends
very nice to play with friends
17 hours in and I would say this game is genuine peak. one of the best horror co-op games I have played. soooo fun with my friends. I also love how the game can go from being very silly to the most serious scene ever. It is very good for a very recent game, and there are practically no bugs, I did find one where a sledgehammer bugged through a cart in the shop but it fixed itself. My friends love this game as well. I say good luck to the devs and hope they take their time to give us quality updates instead of just sending out bad updates every other day.
Hilarious, Scary, fun, adventurous.
been looking for a game like this for awhile! and here it is in its glory.
if you Like physics based games and horror then this is totally for you.
6/5 stars
DO NOT EVER PLAY WITH MALENIA AND DROUGABILETOS HUGE TROLLERS THEY ONLY LAUGH INSTEAD OF WORKING ON HOW TO KILL OR ESCAPE THE BOSSES I HAVE 4.6 HRS AND I KNOW EVERY MECHANISM OF THE GAME IN ORDER TO DEFEAT EVERYONE BUT PLAYING WITH THESE 2 UNBRAINABLE KIDS IS THE HUGEST MISTAKE IN YOUR ENTIRE LIFE AND UR SOUL WILL BE ETERNALLY TORTURED IF U PLAY WITH THEM
fun W
Este es un gran juego para jugar incluso con randoms, lo recomiendo mucho para esas personas que tienen amigos, y tambien para los que no, porque en discusiones hay mucha gente que pide jugadores para jugar con ellos, yo me siento genial habiendo hecho esta compra.
Espero que consiga el GOTY, aunque estemos empezando el que es un juegazo que te hace divertirte un
Miau
There's a joke about Welches Fruit Snacks hidden in this game I just know it, and I will stop at nothing to find it for all of you. I will update this review in ample time.
Skibidi toilet
400
10 10
Good clone of lethal company
bueno
Lethal company, but more goofy and allot more stressful
Good Fun
Bardzo przyjemna gierka do popykania ze znajomymi
There was a baby that threw a gasoline canister right on my head.
I died.
10/10
be careful of brittle items
very nice
1:1-31
marmok
I typically don't play these kinds of games. However, playing this game with friends has been amazing. You can goof off with your buds by running at them at Moch five, then pressing jump followed by Q. That will make them fall over, which in itself is peak cinema.
I am excited to see what they will add to this game, and I will definitely come back to play. I would like to see different types of monsters and map layouts. What makes this game enjoyable and prevents it from getting boring is playing with friends. I think this game would benefit from a wider variety of maps and monsters. Additionally, I would like to see harder floors or a hard mode to make it a bit more challenging.
I am not sure what the devs have in mind for this game, but more game modes would also be fun. For example, you and your friends could try to find the way out while being chased by monsters.
My critique for this game is the main logo. I think it looks a bit jarring. I'd recommend remaking it or designing a new logo for the game. Also, in one of our games, my bud got killed by a monster, and his head got pinned behind the right side of a table and against a wooden box. This made it impossible for us to retrieve him. Since we could not revive him, he had to wait for the round to end. I hope the devs find a way to prevent players from getting stuck like this because it ruins the fun for that player. So far, it has only happened once, but I am afraid it could happen again very easily.
yep
funny fine china
1 1
I haven't laughed so hard at a game in a long time, maybe ever.
skibidi toilet
pretty much same as lethal company but it has some more features
fun
This is honestly one of the best games ive played this year. Even solo the game offers a wide spread of gameplay.
highly recommended, i can beat up my friends with a vase or plate.
The text to speech function is amazing and makes everything better
gustaw er sigkma
Me sigue un pato. 10/10
10 10
10 10
this game is awesome, give me achievements pls
Love this game, Lethal company's worthy succesor.
4
ye
BANGER
Absolument incroyable. Encore mieux avec ses amis.
360
10 10
GOOD
Best game ever specially played with friends :D
this is peak. i played it with a friend and had so many laughs in only 23 minutes. and the horror is top notch we ran into one monster and went into flight mode. i absolutely recommend this to anyone.
Que du fun
A amazing game, with the (possible) inspo of lethal company? (well idk if it WAS inspired by lethal company-) but the voice-chat makes it funny, even the text to speech chat makes it a silly experience. playing a game where you and your friends (or by yourself if your lonely) have to collect valuable items around the (randomized) map and into a C.A.R.T to load the cargo with enough valuable items in it to a extractor whilst hiding from monsters? now that's a fun experience.
throughout the few hours I've played I've made so many fun memories with a great friend of mine. I know, I know. the whole banner makes its look.eh. but trust me you'd be in for a RIDE if you'd at least give it a shot like i did. but I really admire the hard work put into the lethal-like game, I really do
yet I would like to see something like possible cosmetics in the future of this game, maybe glasses? hats? anything really. or even emotes!
I would highly recommend playing this game, even better with a friend. (yet the 'king of the losers' does make me rage a bit)
very fun game to play with friends, exploring all the maps and battling monsters while trying to survive and collect items is genuinely so funny when doing it with lots of people
banner uglu game funny! but only play if youre not a loner w no friends, otherwise not so funny
Ta bueno, tiene unos bugs en temas de conexion, ya que a veces se vuelve IMPOSIBLE jugar un nivel completo porque se le sale a uno de la partida, pero bueno. Muy divertido :D/
cool
Me diverti pra caramba com meus amigos. E acho que nem vi tudo que o jogo oferece nessas 3 horas de game
-57$.
10 10
zajebista gra shotgunem w pysk 10/10
Git
mega kox gierka do grania ze squadem
Very funny and unique loot and extract game that is similar to lethal company. I agree on that they should rebrand that ugly emoji and make the robots the focus. veri fun!
Honestamente el mejor juego de terror con amigos que he jugado. Han sido un no parar de risas y en los momentos mas complicados, era capaz de sentir esa
La variedad de enemigos es muy buena, con cada uno teniendo su y divertida, haciente dos veces antes de hacer un movimiento pero sin perder la que da.
Ademas, me gusta mucho que este juego permita a la gente ir mas unida sin perjuicios, ya que esto le da ese factor divertido "entre amigos" que tanto nos gusta.
No spoilers, pero hay algunos objetos muy divertidos ;)
Disfruten del juego, merece la que teniendo, de veras <3
cool
run
Not as good as Lethal Company, but still very fun and I couldnt hold back my laughter when we gave my friend a swirly in the toilet haha. I haven't seen everything yet probably and I can already say it's very good I'll be playing again with every new update for sure
Its definitely worth playing with your friends. The game doesnt have a preset difficulty level but with every level you win the next levels get harder to achieve and more monsters appear. The single player mode is the same as multiplayer just that you face the same difficulties without your companions. But the less players the scarier the game is!
potato
Fun Game!
Please add Steam Achievments to it!
- -
- R.E.P.O. -
100+-
6(?)
Push-To-Talk - :)
R.E.P.O.
The writing is this fire
i enjoy being carried by creepy men
Absolute Cinema
lethal company but better in many ways
juego perfecto para jugar con amigos saca bastantes risas
popici ano ano
sisipisi
AMUSAN YA PLEIN DE MANIERES DE FAIRE LE CON ET CA C DROLE
yes
enjoyable.
Probably the best crackhead scrap extraction game right now. Just needs bigger maps, once those multiple-quota days begin it starts to feel really small.
Good. Pray we get sum modding.
require Chinese
11 10
good game
This is the best game in this specific category that I have played.
The others feel like boring chores, but this has enough extra additions to where it doesn't really make me cry. This is the complete package.
Wouldn't play alone.
its a fun game tho
Getting straight into the meat of it, it's another "extraction" game much like Lethal company and the like. These sorts of games tend to be. unpolished to say the least. They normally are very jank and have bugs out the ass but this game really does play smoothly. It has an easy and quick tutorial that you don't even need as long as you have a friend to tell you "we do this, press buttons to do that". Very quick and easy to pick up and start playing. There was an issue with hackers joining lobbies but the devs responded quickly and are working on a fix which is something you don't see often. Well worth the 10$ to be able to goof off with friends for hours, or trying to see how many days you can go. I love the upgrade feature to really give you a sense of progression with the steadily rising difficulty. The monsters are unique and cool to look at, each with their quirks and ways around them. Really interested in seeing where this one goes!
R. E. P. O. BEEP BOOP I HAVE NEVER BEEN SO IN LOVE WITH A BOTTLE OF POTION EVER
this good please play
10 10
2025
Q E
10 10
its very funny with friends and its pretty cheap for
Hilarious game with fun game play loop and a bunch of great silly little mechanics on top. Can't wait to see what else is added.
I agree with everyone else on the emoji for the game art. Does not look good.
TOT geiles game ich haTTE NOCH nie solche lachflashesss 10/10 ich liebe dieses ghame und dich auch QUalle
Ugarno
Gdy z uranu kaczka mnie gdy 15 cm poza dzioba i mnie Gra jest 10/10
www
1 installo il gioco
2 faccio il tutorial
3 inizio una partita
4 dei nani da giardino mi attaccano
5 dei piedi con una faccia mi sparano dei laser
6 muoio
7 bel gioco otto euro spesi bene
repo
Kinda coal, if you've played lethal company you've essentially played all of these type of games. I'm not saying it's bad but doesn't do enough differently.
I randomly purchased what I thought was going to be a 10 minute session for the boys and myself. Turns out it's not just a lethal company clone, it has it own charm. Goofy gameplay with cool physics, I can almost guarantee you all have a great time.
with big money comes big pain
Good shit
Yep
A bit hard in the beginning but it's pretty fun. sadly pretty unforgiving. If your crew dies once, the run is completely lost.
In general though, very fun and quite similar to Lethal Company
funniest experience ive EVER had with my friend
si
Fucking awesome
The best of it's genre. Please ignore the cursed emoji banner.
The gameplay loop is fun and addicting, the characters are cute and funny and it brings many QOL improvements compared to other "Lethal Company like" games.
quite possibly the funniest horror game ive ever played, unfortunately tho, i cant see it lasting much longer than maybe a year at most. do i wish it would? absolutely its an amazing game, but will it realistically? probably not i fear
Polecam, oby nie spoczeli na laurach
BUN
Oyun gayet lethal company benzeri oyunlar son zamanlarda ve ki R.E.P.O. kesinlikle bu tarz en oyun oldu fakat bu tarz genel ilk saatler zevkli de sonradan maalesef tekrara yani oyunun 10 saat diyebilirim erken kesin fakat haliyle bence hak etmeyen bir oyun ama tekrardan bu en oyunu bence bu ve erken daha o tavsiye ediyorum 7/10
jogo divertido pick lethal company tu pode reviver/pegar teus amigos e amigas e bater com itens, entre outras cositas, provavelmente futuros updates mas o que vem em game bem legal.
10 10
goated default settings
10 10
Funni and scary :3
Never laughed so hard while friends are dieing in high pitch voice 10/10
I agree with the other reviews: Icon should be changed. I never clicked on the game in steam because of the icon, just saw someone playing it. It has so much small lovely details in it, which caused us to laugh already in the lobby.
Keep implementing interessting monster and items!
Das Spiel zeichnet sich durch herausragende hohen Unterhaltungswert, ansprechendes Design und ein exzellentes Spielerlebnis aus. Die Entwickler reagieren konstruktiv auf das Community-Feedback und erweitern das Angebot an Spiel-Lobbys, um die zu mit Mitspielern zu interagieren.
Es ist wie Lethal Company. Bislang das beste Spiel was 2025 rausgekommen ist
Lecko mio popo blanco. Von der ersten Minute an sorgt die eine schaurige Stimmung, die einem die Nackenhaare aufstellt. Die detailreiche Umgebung, unheimliche und Schreckmomente machen das Spiel zu einem echten Nervenkitzel.
Besonders mit Freunden macht es unglaublich viel
game good
<3
Well made game by a small developer team, hopefully they keep bringing content I know they're working on bringing a game search feature to play with randoms instead of how it is now.
Looking forward for what's to come, high expectations and highly recommend to anybody curious about this game especially if you usually play with a group of friends (still fun solo / solo fill) also much more potential over Lethal Company in the aspects of content.
Side note if the amazing devs are reading this, you should add hats or cosmetics like Among Us in that aspect I think it would add a lot more to the character customization and who doesn't like cosmetics?
scary & funny as fuck
big good
holy shit
Jet Jou et ah ceux je est ct vacheuxmen drol ahveque met ammyes, g'estait unes pouxbel sure
Voici mon note: + ln(e^10) + lim (x^2 - 100) / (x - 10) / + 1) + 0 + sin(x) dx)
:(
4 2
666
its good but could be better if we had like lobbys and matchmaking so we dont have to add new poeple to play with
Perfect Balance of goofy and scary. I like to play games tactically; Unlike lethal company you can be consistent and learn something after every run, so playing tactically is actually efficient and makes a noticeable difference which I enjoy. Playing casually is still fun especially with friends, and there are a lot of fun little details and mechanics that go a long way. I have high hopes for the games future.
It is very funny WITH friends, I wouldnt recommend playing it alone.
My biggest problem is that you can't really hear any monsters comming in your direction or that the extration point just destroys your big loot, like a painting that is like 22k $ worth
Un lethal like avec son propre ADN, fun entre potes.
Ignore the cursed emoji. Idk why it's there.
Lethal Company but you're yelling and screaming at your friends that they dropped the grandfather clock for the 10 millionth time
"HEAD!"
Madinn bal better buy dis a one pweet pleasey
ME RECOMENDYIOS
Triggered my fight flight freeze response and entered shock. Never playing again.
funny robot
repo is the best it very good
i like how the whole game is physics based and i like the little robot critter robonoid ding dang dongs.
it is a very good game and it feels so much more re-playable than other games of it's genre
thank you
sincerely,
froig.
Lethal company",
sss
Funny as hell game and is worth every penny
Honestly the most fun I've had with a game in awhile
10/10
yayichky
The best game I ever played
I got this as a gift from my friend to play together, I swear this is a really fun game (I'm not a big fan of multiplayer games), I really like the in-game chat, the little effects and the ambient in the maps. Also these emojis are killing me, it's funny.
10/10
The game's banner is deceptively ass but a surprisingly fun game. Although it's a Lethal Company type of loop, it has a shitload of well-made mechanics and quirky details.
10 10
Honestly a great game, had an absolute blast playing it and it felt very fresh and refined
verry cool. i like the diffrent mobs, but it make me scream to loud so i get complaints from my neighbors :(
Fun, can't wait for more updates
to funny
If you ask me about fun, this game is the definition of it.
If you want to experience pure, unfiltered, and explicit fun in its truest form. this game is your same goes for Content Warning.
THE BEST GAME OF ALL TIME 10X BETTER THEN LETHAL COMPANY
WAlked into a building and got shot by Jimmy Newtron's dad 10/10
10/10
game is good but.
only if you have friends to play.
Lethal Company RickAndMorty. :
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
: ; ;
tres drole et tres flipant
10 10.
probably the only time a game has made me cry laughing
-
Duck Duty
*READ*
im trying to get as many people to get on asap.
Keep working on this game!
This idea can go SO FAR! Keep Investing, It'll be worth it
Keep the imagination going and this will go far
game too funny
xsdqwed
12 10
great game with friends
Very funny
1.
2.
3.
I like canadian simulator
overrated
its only gimmick is gravity and even that is not that impressive
Very very good game. I would say its better than Lethal Company by miles.
8.4 hours of screaming at eachother and getting scared, fr cant get better than that
"GOAT"
the duck is best enemy change my mind
5
Game itself is fine, but there a few things I didn't liked.
1. Players are way too slow and stamina barely makes any difference, you can't even run to another room from a monster. Basicaly you have only one option to run to nearest hidespot and to hope monster will ignore you.
2. Almost every group of people I saw playing this game had problem with being unable to get loot on stages 2 ~ 3, there is always one last guy alive struggling to finish level, but he can't find anything because loot was broken or it's too heavy to carry on his own. So this is often a stuck situation where he has to selfdestruct just to end round.
3. Players can only recover 25 health after round? I've encountered a monster that is faster than me and just instakilled me, and now I'm just with 1 health to continue? It's stupid.
For the first time it's a fun experience playing a role of a victim just to see your friends dying in a funny way, but from gameplay point it's not flexible.
( ), 10 10
slk altas risadas, cada esquina uma surpresa e cada hora e algum xingamento com meu amigo porque ele consegue carregar um vaso direito sem quebrar, e cada vez e morrendo primeiro porque vou na frente, slk esse game foda, melhor presente que ganhei do meu amigo.
consists purely of the funny
Excellent jeu, jouer entre potes intelligent dans la de proposer un contenu interactif afin de divertir son audience de la la plus Immersion totale dans un monde d'horreur cryptique Bref achetez le
Funny Game
Le jeux est vraiment sympas faire avec des amis.
Je pas de rigoler
gud game
Yes
it's a good game
This game has been very fun and great to play with people, It's new yes and may have some bugs. I enjoy this game, maybe you will too?
One of the greatest co-op horror games out there, its funny and scary at the same time and super fun with friends i highly recommend.
This game better than Lethal company I recommend
too funni
This is a very scary and funny game must try.
Sounds like a physics-based Lethal Company when you first see it, but quickly defines its own spot when you get to playing. I love playing with friends and the emphasis on teamwork to transport large items and make sure they stay at high value really helps drive it home. Having to go to multiple extraction points which force you further into the building is very fun and longer levels can be very investing. I do wish levels lasted longer at the start of the game, though, as you have to get about 4 levels in at least before they start consistently getting long. Maybe custom match settings could fix something like this if the devs are capable of implementing it?
Monsters can be difficult to actually learn how to counter as it seems the strategy for most is to also just stay out their sight, though it can get slightly tedious. Despite that they're all still unique and I enjoy how items too can have unique effects when picked up. Overall its incredibly fun and would definitely recommend it if you were ever looking for games in this specific genre of co-op horror.
shit myself (not because it was scary, because i had to go but was mid game)
10 10
An absolutly enjoyable game where u have to finish some spooky levels with friends in PROXIMITY Voice Chat. OMG
i haven't laugh like that for a long time 10\10 game for me and my gang, the only thing i want to see is new map (like a garden or smth), and even more cool monsters and i love attention to details do, the more we play the more we discover, you've dont a great job dev keep it up and thank you for this masterpiece
I thought my life had reached is limit.then I bought the repo
This game is one of the best games I have ever played. It is very funny and scary.
foda dms
10 10
g
THE GAME IS GOOD
had the best time ever with my friends first time playthrough better optimized and smooth running than all its counter parts. Marvelous game! (80-90 fps while running on parallels desktop windows 11 pro on mac m1 pro)
a lot of good things to say about repo. movement feels smooth when sprinting, tumbling, and sliding. TTS functions pretty amazing. monsters feel varied and enough of a challenge. the best part is the upgrade station. advancing through the levels actually feel like progression as our character becomes stronger. overall an amazing party game that any group could spend hours in.
1 thing that robs of the immersion is the amount of valuables in the levels. as the higher levels require more quota targets to be reached, destroyed valuables become more punishing. when we feel like we have explored every nook and cranny of the map yet failing to reach quota it feels like we've hit an impasse. it would be nice if we could "fail" a level when we've destroyed enough valuables instead of circling the map for the 10th time finding nothing leading to a self destruct to fail the level.
good
very good game but needs hat
goeie
skibidi toilet
Need confirmation button when exacting a point just like in a shop in order to avoid the crushing or checking thing destroy valuable item
So fing funny with friends, its in early access but already seems so polished. Cannot wait to see more content added
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Lethal Company,
Game is very fun but it needs a matchmaking system or server browser hopefully the devs update it soon
Surprisingly a really fun game.
I just really wish that the emoji wasn't the first thing that you see for it, because me and my friends almost dismissed it outright over it.
actual peak
Absolutely fantastic game, streamed it with a full lobby of friends over on twitch and we all had an amazing time playing and laugh at the chaos that ensued
funny
10/10
I witnessed my friend being brutally mauled to death by a baby and a weird-looking dinosaur with a laser beam.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
TAXMAN:
Absolutely fun with friends, game mechanics are fun with physics based horror.
However there's got to be a server browser in place so there can be more game play with more people.
cxollect
very funny very good
You know how they say "Never judge a book by its cover"? This is actually such a perfect example. I was recommended this game, saw the cover/mascot. BUT I after watching gameplay, I was instantly on board seeing just how charmingly goofy but spooky this game is. after playing a few hours with friends I have been converted to the dark side and its pretty nice over here ngl. 10/10 as of now :)
Run, scream, hide, run, scream, hide, steal, repeat. 10/10, ABSOLUTE CINEMA
ADD ACHIEVEMENTS PLS!
[h1] the banner made me think it was slop, please change the banner.[/h1]
REPO is infact, not slop, and as it turns out, a very well designed next step in the. god, what do you even label this as. lethal-like genre? whatever.
aa
i hit someone with a guitar and they exploded 10/10
good
Ben
Pretend the Emoji doesnt exist
Game good
its cool i suppose
Fajna i z z
gud game haveing a blast while playing
This game is alright single player, but holy hell is it a fun game multiplayer. The characters and interactions and just little things make it so enjoyable. I do hope this game keeps getting content added as this game is already so fun and replayable, but more would just make it better. It's hard to describe how good it is for me, you just kinda feel it when you're playing. The physics are so good too. I love the duck. But f*k knife lady she sucks lol
super fun
fucking funniest game oat
great game with friends but some stuff should definitely be tweaked, First off some small items break way to easy, you bump it once it takes away 200$ or a different time it destroys the item completely, very inconsistent/annoying i have admit. Secondly the stamina goes up way too slow but is used very fast which is dumb IMO, at least make it a bit quicker or make a stamina restoration upgrade available or SOMETHING. The enemies are all okay but the blind grandpa is very inconsistent, it'll shoot without anyone making a noise abut direct hit a teammate, def needs fixing. Overall a fun and grindy game for the most part with friends. 85/100
yes
I never had so much laugh playing this in the first 10 minutes. This game is very unique with the extra features of the game.
Mechanic of the game is pretty simple and those extra features are just cherries on top.
It's what makes this game unique.
Very horror and gave me nightmares
Y'all I cannot express how much I love this game! It's Lethal Company with a physics engine and 10x cuter design. I immediately fell in love with the little robots you play as, the enemies feel fresh and the gameplay is challenging but not cluncky (which I find is rare in a lot of games like this). There's so many silly little detail the devs added that I loved finding and I keep finding more. You should seriously consider getting this game - can't recommend it enough
Abri o jogo achando que era mais um "Lethal Company vibes" e me caguei de medo de bem feito que a atmosfera O jogo faz um bom trabalho botando dentro da do jogo, ele meio "meme" e mas sabe a hora de assustar o jogador quando ele ta O que eu mais gostei e que diferencia dos jogos no mesmo estilo que enquanto no Lethal precisava botar os itens no e fugir, no R.E.P.O. literalmente segura o item, tendo que tomar cuidado pra quebrar ele esbarrando em tudo pra voltar com o item pra "base" antes de alguma criatura bizarra te pegar.
Acho legal que pra um jogo com acesso antecipado, ele tem muito mapa, monstros e encontrei nenhum bug enquanto eu jogava que eu tenha jogado tanto ainda). Algumas pessoas reclamaram que tem amigos pra jogar e isso realmente acaba influenciando muito na do jogo, felizmente os DEVs confirmaram no canal do youtube deles que trabalhando pra criar um sistema de Matchmaking.
Lethal Company x Gmod physics. P good game and has a minimap u can pull up at any time.
the banner looks like DOGshit
❌
Funniest game to play with friends. 10/10
Better than Lethal Company in almost every way.
You know when you watch a game trailer and the actual game is nothing like the trailer you watched? This is absolutely not the case for this one. What you see on the trailer is exactly what the game plays and looks like.
Needless to say you need to have friends to play this.
Fun game to play with your friends, more friends = more chaotic, best is to use ingame voice and skip using discord. Clunky movement with yapping characters and fun objects/enemies. Hearing your friends scream and split up in each direction makes it easy to lose control of the situation and dead players witnessing the remaining chaos is also fun.
besto geimmu indeed yas!
i got diddled
-
gei?
30
one of my best friends got locked in a safe for the entire match
The primarily physics-based aspect of the game, as well as the goofy player models, makes this game so damn enjoyable. It makes it stand out from games like Lethal Company and Content Warning, respectively. I haven't ever had anything but a blast anytime I've gotten my friends together in the almost 8 hours of playtime.
The upgrade system feels great to me. I like having that sense of progression of constantly upgrading things like stamina, strength, etc. Being able to use items in the shop without buying them is also a great amount of fun and usually ends up with me and my friends beating the shit out of each other, LOL. Text-to-speech is also super well done and super funny in the right circumstances. Some other great positives are no timers in missions (being able to stay as long as you want and collect as much as you'd like), being able to revive teammates in a few different ways, and most importantly, the battle arena after you've failed a mission. Completely caught me off guard the first time. You'll get dropped into an arena where you and your friends fight to the death to be crowned the king/queen of losers lol. It's a very fresh and fun idea to close out the experience each time and nets you a crown for your character in the next round.
If you like Lethal Company, absolutely give this game a try. I think this game has so much potential if the Devs keep up the good work.
LAS MEJORES 10 HORAS DE MI VIDA
gra ze znajomymi jest zabawna.
gra samemu jest straszna
pozdrawiam
Its so damm fun and hilarious please buy it got my head flopping around like a Canadian in South Park lmao
gnome
10 10.
11\10
The Banner definitely needs to change. But the game overall is extremely fun and if you loved playing Lethal Company you'll love playing R.E.P.O.
I enjoy that there is a single player option, especially if you haven't got enough people to play. Group wise, the bigger the better.
I've only played with myself and one other friend and you don't really get the fun group vibe with just 2 people. So if you got the people interested get it done! :D
Jak kolega sie zmieni z go i do miejsca i jak jest gnieciony, zdecydowanie polecam
360 10 10
.10 10
really good with friends
gas
One of my more in-depth reviews, this game is amazing.
Like other G.T.F.S.P.A.S.M (Get things from scary places and satisfy manager) games, you have to. get things from scary places to satisfy your taxman. The special thing, is it's physics and hiding. You can simply hide from the monsters by crouching under a piece of furniture that has a cave diver ass opening. This is sometimes unreliable as some monsters, like the FUCKING HUNTSMAN I FUCKING HATE YOU GRAAHAHHH can detect you regardless if you're hiding, if you're making enough noise that is. The physics are sort of like Content Warning, but with a physics gun from Garry's Mod with limited range and piss strength. You can upgrade this strength by buying steroids in the game's shop: The Service Station, alongside other things like sprint speed, health, range and even an extra jump. The sell-able items in this game are either; things even unc wouldn't remember, a creepy ass doll, extremely expensive or a diamond with a fortitude of a fucking brown lego brick.
(P.S. do not play with friends that play way too many pranks on you. they have way too much power)
10/10, remove the duck.
oh and also like others, the steam banner looks WAYY too misleading to what the game actually is, you barely see it at all too (ignoring the last frame extraction)
very deep gameplay with enemy variety and physics based looting. For sure the best feeling of these co op looter games imo.
I saw an old man trip on the stairs and break his neck 10/10
Oyun gayet kaliteli ve fakat tekrara biniyor giderse lethal company gibi unutulur
This is one of the best co-op horror games I have ever played. It combines elements of old couch co-op games in terms of ways to mess with your friends and the battles at the end of runs with exhilarating horror gameplay that won't leave you too spooked but will definitely make you out of breath. The monsters are creative and fun to learn, and overall it has an insanely addicting gameplay loop that made my friend group forget about time until it was already 2 AM. Featuring a 6 player lobby (and an easy to install mod that lets you raise that cap), this is the perfect game to pick up and play with your friends. (And I would get it now as it plans to raise in price once it leaves Early Access!)
R.E.P.O. 6
R.E.P.O. R.E.P.O.
This genre needed someone to take the lead, and this is it
cool fuck that duck dude
better than the company
Amazing game with potential, already on equal footing with Lethal Company don't @ me.
If they keep improving physics, enemy AI, lore and the roguelite element this game can go very far.
Also i don't see the problem with the banner, it's defenetly not some bad art for a scam game, ya'll trippin'.
Thank you Taxman
when i saw the scary guy it made me green poop my pants :(
made me green poop my pants
liked very mmuch
fun with friends
OH GOD THERE'S MORE OF THEM. PLS I JUST WANT TO GET PAID
kaybet.
funny game
unreal fun
duck duck duck duck
pretty unique especially for one of these kinds of games. Funny and fun :)
HELLL YEAH
Good game but the game session will time out around 3 rounds in even with different hosts
pretty good game. fairly similar to other games like lethal or content warning, but i like the addition of the ability to roll and slide.
Literally super fun, just like others like this its a really cool game. My only downside is that you can't make a public lobby so you're forced to join the discord to play with others. Not really that big of a downside but it can make finding people to play with a lil harder than usual.
I love love when my friends crush me with a statue killing me and losing 20k in the process. Worth every penny I cannot wait to see what they add!
fun but the old man and the stupid spewer need to be nerfed. not fun running into either of them
R.E.P.O is the latest take on Lethal Company-like formula. However despite the SCARY Monsters and the Goofy little "robots" you play being quite enjoyable. There's one mechanic in this game that I DESPISE, flat out HATE and that's the Stamina Mechanic. You start with 40 and drain it faster than guys drain their balls on Destroy Dick December. In a horror game I would like to run away not lose in a foot race against Fat Albert. Being able to buy upgrades to not only Stamina but Health and whatever Strength does is neat. I end up finding it quite lame as it can only be used by one person and I assume is lost upon a GAME OVER. Now if you'll excuse me, I have some cardio to do, so that I don't end up as some asthma having bucket of bolts
One of the best games I have ever played.
recomendado muy buen juego
game is super epic, remove the emoji face its stupid and bad
UPD: $EX Update
It's so fun playing it with friends. Lots of replayability. I laughed so many times just for playing 8 hours now and I will laugh more. You can play it seriously or jokingly. It's a big plus because of that.
Note to devs: Change the banner. It's so cringe and I think because of that banner lots of people will ignore it in the Steam store page. I want this game have a success.
This game actually kind of bangs. I actually had fun (lethal)
10 10)
Me cague de miedo y no de la risa esta madre me causo Miedo al Exito
10 10
Never laughed harder
this game is so bad it seriously could have been a gmod server instead of this and does bothersome equal scary these days now? and the fact there is no controller support out the box so bless steam for theirs. i should have known by that emoji that i am not the target audience for this so my oldhead is out of here
Gussy fard
funnay af
SO silly! Love it
2
10 10
The best by far of the Lethal Company like games. Content Warning is amazing, but sadly the devs moved on from it, and meaningful additions to Lethal Company have been incredibly slow as of late. If this game can handle a continuous content stream and the devs don't abandon it, it has a shot at being something incredibly special.
Gameplay is incredibly fluid and escaping from monsters feels so much more natural than any of the competitors. I get that they're designed to cause frustration in the other titles, but deaths almost always feel like they were my fault or deserved in R.E.P.O. You can be absolutely surrounded by monsters and have a completely fair shot at escape as long as you play things smart. Fighting back and serious weaponry is also a very welcome addition to this game. The joy of buying your first gun is like nothing else.
Another wonderful part of this game is the inclusion of natural 6 Player Max multiplayer. You don't need to have all six to have fun, but the option is amazing. It has a lot of cute quirks and fun attention to detail too. Voice changing under status effects or touching certain items. Text to speech sounds hilarious. And monster designs are kind of peak and have a fun and unique variety of abilities. I'd get in on the game now.
Actually the funniest shit e v e r
Great horror game. Even better with friends and the Prox chat fits it really well. But the devs need to replace the face with the robot
A very polished game for what you are capable of doing, with lots of content and mechanics. Really fun to play with friends, really difficult if playing alone. Friendly fire during the interval store section can be done in a way that is fun and without penalty to the overall progress. Very much worth the price, I would say it is a better purchase for the content you get than the similar game about a company.
good
10 10
Zabavno
Lethal Company.
10/10
10 10 MVP.
10 10.
Think Lethal Company but with a simple map layout and more accentred around the funny side of it. Never laugh this hard on a Lethal Company like before
Looking forward to more update ofc
ITS EATING MY FUCKING TIME
(nearly) beat the grim reaper to death with a pan
Play game with frens. Good game with frens. Best game with frens. Funnest with frens.
No really though, possibly one of the funnest games to play with your close friends. Replay value is definitely there as well.
Robot money
ts is gas
Physics goofs, silly creatures, a variety of items that produce hilarious moments with your friends, and great proximity chat for less than a Wendy's meal combo.
rly good but round 1 3 enmys still good
W
100 100
Very fun game with friends.
Excellent :D
first time playing with friends
clipped like 14 moments
very gud very funni game
funny jumpy jumpy boing boing
2
Friend dropped an $11k money bag into a pit, I tried to see it and fell, someone else tried to watch me fall and fell, the third person tried to watch and see where he went and fell, and the final person also slipped and fell into the forbidden Slurp Juice. 54/10 game.
lamesauce idk what ppl see in dis
best co-op horror game i've ever played. with a group of friends the amount of laughs are unparalleled. 10/10
Hella fun
Lootti goblin unelma. Ei pelottava peli! (Ja niin cozesu huusi lejuvaa kohti)
the game is lots and lots of fun (with friends), but it also make it better if everything in the game or at least some unnecessary objects would interact to the world around them, such as being able to be grabbed (and use as self defence) or interact with explosion or monster attacks, other than that game fun wawa :3
Me and my friends were struggling to find loot when we needed $5k to leave and we finally found the only vase in the map that would get us home. So after carefully taking it to the extraction room my buddy fucking tripped at the last second and shattered it into a dozen pieces and we died shortly after.
Good game.
o-0 -> :] you know you know
don't touch the duck
Dejo como advertencia, aviso y critica ligera.
El juego es muy divertido en general, pero considero que a pesar de que la principal es recoger cosas y no romperlas, al menos de decirte cuando se acaban las cosas para lootear porque de otra forma te la pasas 20min dando vueltas en el mapa como menso esperando encontrar algo.
Fallar, culpar a tus amigos por el desastre y morir por los monstruos es divertido.
Tener que esperar a ver si encuentras algo sin saber si lo hay, no lo es.
El juego de todas formas vale totalmente la pena, ignoren la negativa.
hohhh sto~ OHUHg MY FUCKING COCK YOU BIT MY COCK GRANDPA HEAD. oh. oh.~ oh shit, mghh OH FUFK WHAT ARE YOU DOING WAHT THE FUCK OU M T FOD FALLS OVER MY COCK FALLS OFF OF MY GOD MY COCK
I don't know why they went with this emoji style crap but the game is good. I hate the steam background and the desktop icon though.
Si.
es muy buen juego lo recomiendo al 100
funny af
W pyte
Add ultrawide pls
Great game with friends, very funny. If you have a friend that keeps killing you make sure you kill him on the sly and blame someone else.
THIS GAME IS AMAZING! not only dose this itnirey freak me out about the lore but the monsters are just as terrifying as the monsters in my closet! theres just one problem though.
multiplayer. so you can only play with your freinds and uh. i dont really have that many freinds that get online preety much. so i just wanna ask- PLEASE JUST ADD MULTIPLAYER SERVERS I DONT WANNA DO IT ALONE PLSSSSSSSSSS!
anyways 20/10
Lethal Company but fun
the physics in this game are hilarious and creates amazing times with the homies, that laser monster is gay tho
100x better than lethal comp
work, pay taxes work, pay taxes work, pay taxes work, pay taxes work, pay taxes work, pay taxes work, pay taxes work, pay taxes work, pay taxes work, pay taxes work, pay taxes work, pay taxes work, pay taxes work, pay taxes work, pay taxes work, pay taxes work, pay taxes work, pay taxes work, pay taxes
Do not trust the duck!
An absolute blast. Metal Muppet Repo Team Simulator.
Ta bueno
Game is good at creating funny moments but actually completing the objectives is awful at times. The difficulty of the enemies ranges from ignorable to instant run wipe, so going for high rounds is more luck based than anything. Additionally due to the lack of time crunch mechanics, it is entirely viable to play the game as slow as possible, leaving any spectators to do nothing for long periods of time. The game tries to alleviate this by letting players be revived mid match, but it leaves them with 1 hp, so they are likely to go back to spectator hell again. There are cool things in this game but as it is now I would not recommend.
help my friend sacrificed me to the cauldron and took my skull 10/10 would be sacrificed again
peakness
I love this game and ive been waiting quite a while for it thank you for your hardwork I love you people
Finally, a Lethal company clone is actually good.
Lethal Company walked so R.E.P.O can run it basically has a way better quota system that actually makes it challenging and fun without making it impossible plus there's plenty of mobs to stop you from reaching that quota and it has QOL things that make the game more fun like if you die in the shop you keep your hp, you keep any items you forget/lose them in the building would def recommend
INCREDIBLY fun game! Especially with friends :)
Sacrificed my friends to the cauldron and claimed their skulls. 10/10
yes
really funny IF u have friends if ur playing solo is not fun
Don't let others steal your upgrades.
Good fun with friends. Good enemy design. So far there seems to be 3 different levels that loop and maybe a dozen enemy types. Excited to see where this goes.
This game is dope. Taxman is a toxic boss, we need to unionize!
Juegazo para cagarse de risa con amigos
amazing co op game, but i wish you didn't have to restart if you all die, i feel like there should be a "standard" mode and "hardcore" mode. Standard being the one you start at the last level checkpoint. The hardcore mode, the one where you Do restart all the way back. and if it is bigger map, having some small health packs scattered throughout
Very funny game :) (I watch my friend get touched by a duck and a old man)
hate davoir de nouvelles majs
10 10
this game would be great if it had matchmaking! otherwise, its a fun time with friends. Edit- very easy to find people to play with through steam discussions page. But still devs, please add matchmaking!
Well optimised, feels unique while still being obviously inspired by Lethal Company. Lots of fun, quirky gameplay mechanics that leads to a lot of memorable moments with other players as well as a wide variety of monsters that make each run fresh.
The maps feel lot more interesting that other games in its genre, nothing feels copy/pasted. What helps this is that the art direction is really strong, making the experience fresh and interesting.
The only thing I'm really hoping for is a quick match system to find other people to play with, if you don't have friends that are interested in joining you it's possible to play single-player but the experience the game offers is 10 times more fun with others. Currently they have a discord where you can join players who are looking for people to play with but it can take a while to find a party that has a slot for you.
Looking forward to seeing how the development goes, great job devs!
MUUUH BUENO
R.E.P.O
needs public servers
Ready to expect another Lethal Company kind of game where
Retro filters, picking up trash, wandering monsters, unreliable teammates.
I admit that although you twisted your butt carefully and picked up the garbage, in the end, you still smashed all the garbage and looked very ugly with no value.
But when you encounter a monster, without hesitation, it's really impressive to sell your teammates and escape with a set of combo moves.
I have a premonition that he will become the Better With Friends Award of 2025
we need workshop
100000000/10 game
Be ready to laugh
Funny robot man
Great to play with friends the single player mode is not as fun.
fun
truly the van-like of all time
Have only played it once but it was great. Funniest game in a while, excited to see where it goes from early access
The gameplay loop is more addicting than Lethal Company imo, an incredible game that was made with love of the genre.
i love it when i get teamkilled
Fun
I watched a trash can man do a sick dolphin dive under a blind man's shotgun blast, only for him to be the only one to escape the map after everyone else was killed by gnomes.
Cinema
Le jeu tu rigoles tu meurs.je conseille
Seru bgt
yup
v good but u need friends so playing revolves around if others want to play at the same time.
muinto legau ebaaaa
que joguinho bom da pampa pqp
gud game :)
Se papiaron al Soci w :'c
This game is so fucking fun lmfao
giga fun, funnier than lethal i fear
10/10
Just buy the game
The game is really good and fun to play. Dont know why they have the emoji as the main banner thing. It should be changed makes u think it wont be a good game but it is.
Most people spend half their time spamming the lobby text to speak
And that alone is worth the buy
Great Game! Hilarious, very fun with friends! Optimized files, runs amazing! devs did a good job!
10 10
really cool and epic game :D
The game is fun but I played for an hour and only had like 10 minutes of actual playtime. This is basically just a YouTube Let's Play simulator with how much you spectate so be prepared to have more than 2 free hours if you want to get a good sesh in.
To evade this please maybe the devs can add a vote to leave like how lethal company has because if you die at the beginning of a $20k+ extraction you basically are out for 20 minutes. A vote to leave would make this a game that you can very easily die and get back into. I hope more people advocate for this because it really is not fun not being able to play the game.
The tutorial only teaches you the controls and not the actual basis of the game, I understand it can be fun to be bad at a game and figure it out as you go but you can't really do that when you play for 5 out of 30 minutes. The physics are hard to get down, I had my DPI on max and would furiously fling my mouse across my mousepad and I would not get the very hehe funny tiktok clip.
- 6 Lethal Like
good
I saw my friend get shot
My other friend said to be quiet
I said I wasn't afraid of no gun
I got shot
11/10 best game of 2025
Best game, I laughed so hard with friends. That's the best game ever seen, game of the year. Better than Lethal Company or whatever
uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh oh
I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a mix of spooky, but with a lot of laughs. 10/10 would recommend again.
I got my friends killed :D
nice
fun. a fresh take on the genre.
It's a alright game, has a good start. They just need better a better thought process. no reason going in solo should i have 2 monsters within 10 seconds of loading in. And I lose everything. With friends it really dont matter how crappy the game is. solo matters
better lethal
toes
goty com certeza
Is an interesting game to play with friends. Even if you are just 2 in the game, things can get really scary and funny. I like the monsters that appear some of them have scared me off.
The game play is also cool, simple yet difficult, having to manage your stamina so you can get a successful escape is vital, also the fact you have to thing strategically to take as most advantage as you can from the places without getting killed.
Great game, well worth cost. Lot of great moments. Lots of similar aspects to games of this genre and lots of different. It gets prox chat right which seems to be hard to do, No time limit really gives you time to be sneaky and thoughtful, and explore. Love that some items require team work to lift. My only gripe is that enemy UI seems a but funky and one shot monsters stay walking in a single door way you need to progress, but maybe to a degree its a feature that has a flaw. Overall, money well spent for time Ive spent, I'd love to see more added in the future and hopefully the creators give updates and don't let it die. 9/10
good, easy to learn at first but hard to learn as you progress. Also very fun with friends, recommend you play with other ppl.
I shouldn't have pet the duck.
It's very fun. It's pretty hard but i would love to see content creators play this
THE EMOJI IS *ING STUPID BUT THE GAME IS LOADS OF FUN!
This game is aboslute hilarious, ngl should add a little minigame mode of the end fight that would be fun as
Lo mejor que hasta ahora del 2025.
the greatest game ever created by humanity so far
I like it.
Fun spooky
simples de entender, divertido, legal para jogar com amigos! podem comprar sem medo (mas tenha com quem jogar
he chases me
If you change the icon and banner and the in-game emoji, I will give this game a Yes.
amazing game
Honestly would be great if they had multiplayer, being solo kinda sucks man
xd
i've never laughed so hard just messing around in the shop of a game
I cried like a little girl and have a new found hatred for ducks after coming across the little Fuckling as I unlovingly call him(Fucking Duckling = Fuckling)
Definetly great fun with friends.
My favorite co-op game in the last couple years!
yes
:Un cago de risa
un cago de risa con amigos y lo primordial es que se puede jugar de a 6 amigos que eso es raro hoy en dia
Oh my - I haven't laughed this hard in ages. 40 year old mom here & gifted this to my 20-something yr old kiddos so they would play with me. I've never had so much fun chasing my son around an arena with a Saw telling him he's a b*tc* while his only defense was an inflatable hammer. I'm seriously crying from laughing so hard. THIS. IS. AWESOME. You guys certainly have something special here and I can't wait to see how this evolves. <3 <3 THANK YOU! (I almost didn't play this because there isn't controller support, but glad I did. First time playing a game with keyboard/mouse and it's not so bad! - still wish I could use my controller though lol)
GOOMBA STOMP UPON YE
unlike content warning, Which has a fun concept but a half baked gameplay loop, this game is a legitimate lethal company contender. I wish I just didn't have to gift the game to all FIVE OF MY FREAKING FRIENDS I PLAY THIS GAME WITH
Lethal Company killer
idk if its because of lethal company but this game was annoying and boring, def not worth 10$
goat
fun
fun with friends
Banner bad Game good, alright?
the floating head is the bane of my existence and should be exterminated, along with my teammate who refuses to tell me about holes in the ground
fun as fuck
This game is solid. I don't know what possessed the developer to use an emoji as the main banner/logo for the game. It makes it look like a scam or a terrible greenlight game that was made for a joke but it's actually better than other extraction horror games
This game takes an already existing genre and makes it so much better with amazing polish for an early access game. The moments I've had with my friends have been so funny. Fun to come back to and try to make it to a higher level with the boys. Major props to the devs, this game deserves to take off big time!
If you like lethal company you'll love this.
w sigma rizz 100% skibidi
Best game ever loved recording a solo run just wish i could play with my friend to show more content keep up the work guys.
There is no multiplayer lobby. Steam friends only. Awesome.
Game is fun like lethal company but monster respawn like gnome is super annoying to deal with.
Very cool and quirky game, fun to play with a friend. It reminds me a lot of Dark Hours.
have a heart attack with friends!
whats the point in playing a game with your friends if you dont rage at one another
Great game
hunter shoots i die, Friend tries to kill me i die, run away from monster and fall in water or acid i die. 10/10 if you like dying 9.9/10 if you don't.
este juego es GOD
Game is pretty fun with friends.
This game is funny and challenging when playing with challenged friends.
I saw my friend break a diamond and it broke his soul seeing how much money we lost.
Then we messed around with the time dilating hour glass and he got killed by the reaper in slow motion, where I survived.
So yeah, great game!
i felt the adrenaline pump thru my veiny ahh dih as evil freaky monsters chased me and my lil dih friends. 10/10 game
this is fucking amazing, please play this game NOW!
I ain't gonna be no repo man. No way.
It's too late. You already are.
funny as hell
the best van-like in history
This game is the best sadly i just dont have any friends to play with
great game and the physics make it hilarious
repo
Great game, great vibes, game is fun and terrifying at the same time. Great voip too. I will also say that some monsters can get you through walls that aren't properly textured, but still a great game.
Game is Amazing, Banner is Cool, Monsters are scary, overall Fantastic
This is the only reason to get this game
good game, kinda scary
"4 idiots goofing around in scary places" ahh game
mouth
great
very fgun
so stressful
Hermano un jodido intel pentium ejecuto esto a 30 fps estables, si no lo compras no se que haces con tu vida, le faltan chichis nomas
just a better Lethal Company
AGEYHRE
9/10
Good game with friends, my friends sucks and dislike the game for a stupid reason, try with ur friends mine are the problem
GOOD ASS GAME NEW LETHAL COMPANY CLONE BUT ACTUALLY GOOD. IF YOU HAVE FRIENDS TO PLAY WITH COP DONT EVEN THINK ABOUT IT. AT LEAST TRY TO GET TO THIRD RUN. MATCHMAKING COMING SOON.
Good fucking good
One of the most fun games my friend's and I have played. Definitely worth the purchase.
Definitely a good game
i threw a duck and it exploded.
quem QUEBROU o diamante
Very funny and easy to play While I love games like lethal company and phas, this is just much easier and doesnt have an unlying droning noise that made the other games hard to play. This doesn't get easily overwhelming for those who love the aspect of playing one of these games but gets easily overwhelmed I highly recommend it
absolute cinema
W game. Played this game with 4 friends, and it was a hilarious.
yeah im thinkin its peak
W game
Really game to start fresh and all learn together with a group of friends. Hilarious fun.
W game
A lot of fun and laughs with friends would recommend
The game has problems with level generation. Sometimes (especially on the 6th floor and after) there is not enough loot on the map to cover the quota. The number of mobs and maps is not enough. There are very few items that would affect players like a clock that slows down time, I want more of these items.
So the game is great but I will leave a negative review with shortcomings hoping that it will be seen.
Es barato, ligero y divertido
Very fun and simple and fs makes some hilarious moments with your friends
-stupid emoji face
+robot face
and i'll change review to positive
Please i'm begging
and connection is bad (asia)
I have a blast playing this with my cousin definitely a game to play with a big group of people
Meu Deus que jogo eu simplesmente consigo rir jogando isso. Muito bom
W game
I still haven't figured out why that face is the logo but the pirate is very mean and I absolutely hate that sloppy frog chef.
I thought my homies and I were dumb, this game proved me we truly are special.
it's fun but they really have to remove the emoji
Yo, let me just gently place this delicate item onto the ground real quick.
-$6,578
yep
Besides the silly banner and the trailer. The game is very fun to play especially with friends. There's a lot of unique enemies you can encounter, and you can sabotage your friends by flinging yourself into them (if you want). I've only played for an hour but I'm already addicted to the play style of this silly little robot game.
i love this game too many good laughs watching you friends get kidnapped, shotgunned by a blind man, or munched on by a giant head. 10 outta 10 game. its better lethal company.
Buy this game now. I'm serious. Go to the store page, and click on that little green button, and experience peak. Oh woah now, don't click away and go browsing for more multiplayer games. Go on. Click the green button.
I can get scared while hearing a gust of wind from inside the truck
ta genial romper cosas y que te puteen a y el juego esta muy divertido
TTS and Physics are funny.
funny
-mataram meu amigo
-pegaram a dele
-me bateram com a dele
-me mataram
-morreram pra minha explosao
-game over
10/10
banger
Chamba Letal 3 XD. 10/10
-{ Graphics }-
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☐ Good
☐ Decent
☑ Bad
☐ look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
-{ Gameplay }-
☐ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☑ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
-{ Audio }-
☐ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
-{ Audience }-
☐ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma
-{ PC Requirements }-
☐ Check if you can run paint
☑ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
-{ Game Size }-
☑ Floppy Disk
☐ Old Fashioned
☐ Workable
☐ Big
☐ Will eat 10% of your 1TB hard drive
☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it
☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data
-{ Difficulty }-
☑ Just press 'W'
☐ Easy
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
-{ Grind }-
☐ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☑ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
-{ Story }-
☑ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
-{ Game Time }-
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☑ Short
☐ Average
☐ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond
-{ Price }-
☐ It's free!
☐ Worth the price
☑ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
-{ Bugs }-
☐ Never heard of
☑ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
-{ ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☑ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☐ 9
☐ 10
More Strong
fun
this what i called a %game
w
honestly peak game
A game that, while having an inspiration that's more than obvious, pulls itself in a totally different direction than what you'd expect. Absolutely crushed my expectations in a way games like Content Warning failed to. Give it a go, it's a hilarious, horrific, and unforgettable multiplayer experience.
i like using the time time slow to yell the n-word
esta perro la neta lo que es
Fun game to play with friends. Looking forward to server browser being implemented. Hope the emoji banner(LMAO emoji) gets changed to something else as well as it is misleading and diminishes a really good game. Don't judge this book by its cover.
Good
One of the best co-op innovation
fun
This is a must-play for anyone who loves horror, co-op.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Lethal but with physics and just better game overall
It's just like dark souls
This game is by far the best game played in a while for a co-op game! super funny, fun to play with friends, silly, and the monsters are just crazy!
FUCK YOU DRIPPY
be me
- start new game
- see smol duck
- hold smol duck
- smol duck angry
- dead
10/10 recommend for duck lover
A lot of fun with all of your friends. makes the horror part go away and makes it super fun to play with everyone
I've played a fair few lethal company likes, and none have managed to fully improve on every aspect of the original game. until now. Its actually so, so good. Don't let the emoji thing put you off, its great.
the game is really fun but kinda hard for singleplayers. i can't file my taxes due to dying all the time.
dUcKY
First session had us playing until 4 am laughing our heads off
Finding the hourglass item as a group was comedy gold
good
Super Cool to play with friends
good
spawn, cashout, chaos in shop, all die, try again
good, polished for a early access game. despite the atrocious emoji banner this game is good. seriously, change the banner devs. looks like unity android slop
good mix of lols & spook
fart
de un rato se vuelve medio repetitivo, es divertido igual.
very fun and such a way were every one well get mad but in a friendly way, if i can say it but like other game of Content Warning, Lethal Company, and Pilgrim its like all of those game mixed (with physics 100%) and much much more, hopefully one day we can have 6 players (i mean me) to play this game
A literal baby threw a flamethrower at me and killed me instantly.
I am revived later, only for the exact same baby to show up again later, take our tax money, and throw it at me, killing me, again.
10/10.
screamed so loud i might get a noise complaint. delightful.
si
Watching the shotgun guy fall down the stairs is really something.
asd
that fucking bird that i hate.
Game reminds me of the robots from Astroboy movie
cool
i can throw a baby off a 50 feet of stares
very fun
Literally peak, 1 session in, like 10+ clips
Very good
9/10 game, really fun to play, really funny, had a great time. However, whoever designed that awful fucking duck, I hate you. I hate how it can jump THREE TIMES while I'm trying to pick up a cup, only for it to destroy it the fourth time because I finally got it. You are a horrible person.
When that creature jumped on my face, I had never felt so powerful and satisfied to vomit on my friends. 10/10 experience.
very sigma]
fun
yeah. i GUESS its fun :3 (Edit; This is the most fun i've had with my friends on a spooky/silly game!)
Extremely funny!
good game
everyone has already glazed it in every way possible and i agree with every single one so theres no need for me to say it
lethal company but make it silly
Fun indie game that reminds me of Lethal Company. I would love to see scarier monsters that are terrifying like Lethal Company and Steam Workshop support added so we can have mods/custom entities. If the horror can be cranked up more, it's game.
Lethal Company style, Find loot, save the loot, don't break the loot, break the loot, CURSE IN ROBOT, Funny moments and sometimes stressful moments, weapons get expensive, only been playing duo so I am sure with more people this will be crazy and Chaotic! Having a blast with it! Sometimes enemys are manageable, until you find yourself fighting a swarm of FREAKING GNOMES! 10/10 Good Robot Repo Destruction time! ALL HAIL KING OF THE LOSERS
I keep hitting myself with the fucking bat 8.7/10 better than lethal company
He entrado a una casa abandonada, robe cosas, un con escopeta le disparo a mis amigos mientras yo reia a lo lejos, no tuve que dividir el botin. Luego regrese a mi casa a jugar REPO. Lo recomiendo
REALLY GOOD GAME
The mechanics of this game are insane! I love how you can shrink down to a really small size and hide under things. Other games don't allow you to do that really and it makes it absolutely hilarious. The only downside at the moment is it doesn't seem to have an actual end to the game. You can just keep going and going. But maybe they will add an update for that eventually. I would 100% recommend this game to others.
Good game, semiwork is cool
yes
nothing else to say, just get it (and bully friends into it too)
peak
Don't let the terrible banner art fool you, this game has the sauce. Very fun, very goofy. Highly recommended.
Extremely fun game with friends. Can't wait for them to add a server browser. Lots of potential here and can't wait to see where it goes!
This game a potential to be a good game. Sadly most of the monsters just one shot you. The ones that don't make it impossible to progress because they break your loot.
Jogo mt bom risada futebol molestamento com a galera etc. 10/10 melhor jogo da vida
Truly a Golden Goose egg in Co-Op Gaming
Probably the most fun I've had in a horror/extraction type game. The text to speech had me in a FIT of giggles and the physics are great. Steam banner was a bit misleading and made me think it wouldn't be great, but I've already played 5 hours in the span of two days. Would love some extra customization options like hats or glasses, but overall would highly recommend as a fun game for friends to all enjoy together.
I am loving the game so far just having an issue where the item's are not enough if you break to many I wish there was more item's or it look on the map and re add item's to that area so you have enough
Fun and even more fun with friends
Best game ive played with my friends. Got so many clips of me and my friends screaming asf. If ur having any doubts, im just saying ur safe with this game, best shit ive played in a long time
I hope the ghost touches mazcor
Short and simple review of R.E.P.O. This is the next Lethal Company, but in the future. If I had to choose between the two, return to R.E.P.O.
better than lethal
witnessed my homie dih get cut
This game is a very fun horror co-op with physics and is really good.
PEAK CINEMA
best game i ever played in my entire life
fun
Good game would definitely like to see controller support for this soon!
super fun with friends
is this. peak?
ridiculous expeditions provoke outrage
I love this game. It's silly, challenging, scary and all the fun things! You play as a flappy headed repo minion that has to repossess valuable items from monster infested locations that didn't pay their taxes! The voice chat is really well done and the text to chat is hilarious. Highly recommend this game.
[strike] [/strike] 2-3 Soundpad - LC, Headliners
I LOVE THIS GAME PLEASE UPDATE IT MORE THIS IS WAY BETTER THAN LETHAL COMPANY
So fun with friends and actually pretty scary.
The game is nothing short of incredible.
Proximity chat, physics based looting and fighting.
Ambient sounds and lighting.
Variation of monsters causing fear and panic.
6 Player co-op is amazing.
If only my friends can stop f*uckin breaking stuff
good
probably one of the best coop horror games ive played because you easily screw your friends over or work with them if you want but after everyone dies you get put in a pvp free for all and its so peak
Buenardo <3
this game is a lot of funnnnnnn, but it could be easier. i loveee playing it with friends. pog :D
fuck lethal company no relevant update since release R.E.P.O. the goat made with real love
Fun. Cant wait for it to have a bunch of mods
jogasso da porra
yes
For only $10, this game is outstanding. Obviously inspired by games like Lethal Company or Content Warning, this game has the same goofy physics as Content Warning, but the quota system of Lethal. The enemies are varies in their tactics, so your play style will always have to adapt, and their designs as well as the map designs are very creative! The proximity chat and text to speech makes for some hilarious moments, making this game is very clip-worthy. The only cons to the game are that there are occasional bugs, of which I've seen none that can't be fixed by relaunching the game. Very exited and hopeful to see what's next for this game in the future! #TumbleBoost
Best Lethal Company Clone, love the fight to the losers
Very good
[][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][]
If you're a fan of Lethal Company I can't recommend this game enough. Don't let the weird game photo sway your opinion (truly cant judge this book by its cover lol). But the actual game play is actually really well done and the player characters are so cute and emotive! The monsters are also very unique and interesting, and the physics based game play is a blast. I also really enjoy their Battle of The Losers mini game, its something unique that I think really adds such a fun element to the game!
im gonna wreck it!
Friends are hiding from a blind monster, it is RIGHT IN FRONT OF THEM. One friend says "Hi!" and then the blind man whips around and SHOOTS the friend who was COMPLETELY QUIET, and then lets the one who talked get away. 10/10 game, better than lethal company and content warning.
This game changed my life it truly made my life so much better. I am so happy I got this game. My family left but I have R.E.P.O. so its ok. So good game get game now now soooo good its not glaze bro.
eu atropelei meu amigo e dps ele morreu pra um menos grande, 10/10
Great game, Lethal company walked so R.E.P.O could run/roll
If you've ever played Echo the Dolphin you'll for sure love this game.
Duck jumped in front of me grabbing a cup, got agitated, and killed me
until the game gets some much needed QOl updates and some balancing this game is honestly more tediously stupid than it should be and its fun factor is quickly lost due to the games flaws.
most items you can buy are stupidly over priced and slightly useful if its not any of the drones.
this game makes me miss lethal comps. stamina with how shit the regen is in this game plus once your out of stamina you cant ever get enough to get away from a enemy that just spams or 1 taps you to death.
tldr its a fun and silly stealth game but its kinda a question of how much you like pissing in your own eyes with its bs. even LC was less annoying than this and LC has its own shortcommings
This game is fantastic with a large group but is absolutely trash for single player. Unless you plan to play this a lot with at least 3 friends do not get this game, it is boring in small groups and unplayable solo. It is borderline impossible to get any useful weapon and the grenades cannot kill even minor enemies right next to them.
B+ with large groups
D+ with 2-3 players
F solo
holy guacamole
The most fun I've ever had with a bitcoin miner.
A great game with friends, but honestly the one flaw is that once you die, there's really nothing to do while you wait for the rest of your team to either die, revive you, or extract. It'd be cool if the devs added some sort of mechanic that allowed dead players to interact with the environment to help (or hinder) their teammates
Esse jogo e muito bom rapaziada super apoio compra ele, se estiver procurando jogadores BR estou aqui, me mandar pedido de amizade
10/10 You don't gotta out run the monsters all you gotta do is dive bomb a friend and toss him to the monsters. Te ducks a pretty chill lil dude.
GOTY 2025
Muy weno para jugar con panas, risas a full.
Que jogo perfeito mano, de verdade vale cada centavo, mais tem que ser com amigos pq isso o torna uma experiencia unica, por exemplo enquanto estava jogando com meus amigos e o boss do laser apareceu e meus amigos soltaram o quadro de 24k e sairam gritando ele ta gozando em mim, enquanto eram brutalmente mortos
Don't judge this book by its cover, Its polished and you can tell a lot of heart and love have been put into this game. Endless laughs and the game is very fun to play. Highly recommend.
dont touch duck
Muito bom.
movement is on par with advanced warfare in this b*, 10/10 there's so much potential in this game
its wacky weird and a lot of fun with friends. its like lethal company if it was fully open map. the only issue i have is lag and not being able to play with random people but i do think that they are working on that feature. hope to see more of this game and will play more
evil rape monsters want me dead.
This game really is fun for what it is and i really like the freedom the game makes you feel. Exceptional game, I really hope to see new areas and new monsters added, it will be excellent. p.s. the little fuckin babies are kinda horrible. unless im dumb, i think they are way too op rn
MT BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMMM
i dropped a box and it smashed into atoms
This game is very fun, and as much as I would love to recommend this game this soon. When playing with friends 1 of us or 2 get stuck on the loading screen or crash completely and tbh I love this game its very very fun yet borderline unplayable this early on in access so it makes sense. Devsss! If you're reading this review, please fix it! I would love to keep playing and the brief time I've had playing I'be had a lot of fun with friends. That's the reason I recommend this game despite the bugs!
good
Game is very fun with friends, however not sure if I can reccomend just yet. Game has a couple bugs including the game crashing everytime I try to play with my friends. Its pretty unstable but the game just came out so I hope it gets fixed soon. Devs if ur reading this plz fix the game so we can keep playing it <3
I had a lovely time on this game, however, there is a fairly frequent bug that is occurring with infinite loading screens and sometimes crashing. Its a bit of a stain on an otherwise good extraction game. I dont think I can confidently recommend at this time. My review will remain a 'yes', though, as the overall game and the dev team behind it are great.
i like the part with the thing
Muito bom bater nos amigos com o carrinho
so much fun, absolutely love this game. I'm currently trying to get more of my friends to download this game. needs more attention for sure. PLEASE don't let this game fall off like Lethal Company did <3
You can make funny moments with this if i had to put this in a rating between 1 to 5, id choose 4 because its fun in all but needs a bit of improvement like more maps and monsters
yes
es increiblemente divertido jugarlo con amigos, su precio vale totalmente la pena.
recomendadisimo
Perfect game but cant play with randoms so i barely play
fun game the monsters are funny i think they can be more scary
This game is actually so much fun to play, it is very addicting. The in game chat when you die or just in general is so funny. The monsters are very well put together/ made. At first we didn't know how to not die from the monsters, but with a quick look we were able to stay alive for a bit longer. i enjoy that they made the levels a bit harder the more you move up! I very much enjoy this game i encourage you to buy it!
content
Fun game with friends or even by yourself.
TOP
ITS FUCKING FUNNY AS HELL AND FUN TO PLAY WITH FRIENDS
R.E.P.O> Content warning> Leathal Company
In that order
nothing like watching your friend call you a slur and them immediately turned to red mist by some old blind mf
The most fun ive had with an indie horror game in a minuite every match has me and my friends rolling on the floor laughing
A more team based lethal company. it's beautiful
tis a slay fr fr
fun and funny
good game
this game is really really fun. :) i want to play this with more people. :) worth the money spent.
Super funny roll around ball scary AHHH heavy anger money!
Absurdo de bom, seja pra jogar solo ou com amigos, recomendadissimo
you beat each other up when you lose
10/10
Me and my friends have spent hours in this game and it is so much fun. Only note we have is we wish it was controller compatible but even then the controls for keyboard are really easy, we just have some controller dedicated people in our group lol
10/10, needs public lobbies
my throat hurts from laughing
good
Mr Edwin robison, were you aware that she was only 13 befor you cuddle with her
very fun game to play with friends! lethal company but with more humor
massa mi caguei toda
Yes
this game is like lethal but its not as scary
DEFINETLY CONTENDER FOR BEST GAME OF THE YEAR
chistekerekesa la cosi na
Opens game and creates lobby.
Me and friends load into first level and are instantly killed by a clown with a laser-snot shooting nose.
10/10 game, no notes.
repo
fun party game
Really Goated Game. SO SO FUN if you use the proximity chat with your friends. Very funny to play late at night.
Note to the devs : some monsters are very OP ( like the hunter or the kind of mom in black suit ) The hunter for example is sooo OP he shoots very very fast and one shots, it's almost impossible to dodge, and the weird mom one shots too but we can atleast see her coming.
The bird with her 2 swords is soo OP too, she runs really really fast it's hard to find a hiding place in time
It could also be great if the stamina decrease slower and charges up faster, because we have like 5 secs of running and 30 secs of waiting to get the stamina back.
After all the game is very very funny to play, I highly reccomend it. :)
It is very fun and has a lot of potential. I've been playing it woth my friends for 4 hours straight.
DIVERTIDO DEMAIS
peak im afraid
A great laugh at the chaos and mayhem
Better than Lethal Company
this game is very fun even though it just came out, my only issue so far is when there is something trying to kill you and its close, when you turn your back the audio of the thing your trying to hide and avoid goes away. so in any point of the game it could be directly behind you and kill you near instantly just because you cant hear it behind you.
Gave my friend $10 on steam and asked him to buy me this game, so technically i got it for free because he didn't have to buy me this.
finalmente un juego que puedo jugar con mis amigos sin que me vendan humo
jogo muito divertido e
Fun ass game
Jogo muito bom e diferente, jogabilidade divertida e valeu cada centavo.
Porem nao jogue sozinho dificil. nota 10000
Esse jogo muito
10/10
Just buy it and you can get a mod on thunderstore to have more than 6 players. It is great!
I was violently touched on my first time playing, however playing with randoms is extremely enjoyable. Doll lady touched me and I did not consent.
W
great goofy game
yes
lots a fun realy nice getting raped by monsters
WE NEED CHINESE
This game is by far an amazing game to play with friends. Record your moments and share them online for others to laugh at the situations you and your friends get into.
fun
This is the best game in this genre that I've played.
The attention to detail is insane, from the movement, controls and sound design, it's outstanding.
I hope they don't stop with these little robots and the universe they created, I can only IMAGINE what a horror co-op survival game would be like with these robots in this universe, something similar to Valheim.
Love this game and I hope we get other games with these little robots.
i like this
fun :)
funny very good
Jogo daora pra resenha com os amigos.
Obs: jogue com aquele amigo fi de rapariga
"\"
(Say this in text chat, your friends will love you)
super bellissimo stra divertente
Troppo divertente
bon petit jeux a jouer entre ami.
Lots of fun with friends and family. Love the spooky feel to it and graphics and the spooky sounds. Highly recommend to play with a group of friends.
Lethal Company with movement physics and a cartoony art style. The banner image lies, this is NOT brainrot!
very fun with friends
Great game
Probably the most fun i've had in awhile with my friends. Its hilarious and scary. There are some mods out that allow more than 6 players so thats nice, for an early access game i have no complaints.
sim
I bought this game for me and my friends. We literally play it almost every night now. I cannot wait to see what this game has in store Farthest we've gotten is 3 areas. I love this game with all my heart and i'm very glad that me and my friends can finally play more games together. And at first the banner was hilarious, but now whenever i open steam i just get jump scared. Gives me a scare right before i open it which i think is the funniest thing that's ever happened to me before. Please buy this game its so fun with friends!
Game has a few bugs such as extraction points behind locked doors, but besides those instances is a really fun game
excellent jeu ambiance horreur jouer entre amis
I was expecting this game to have matchmaking like lethal company but instead you can only play with an invite from friends which is a let down.
This is fun. Favorite thing here by far was the arena by the end of the games and the shop tomfoolery. I also like the ideas in monsters and items, designs and the whole gimmick behind the extraction game with physics-based objects but i don't feel that this game holds up very well in terms of replayability like other extraction/lethal-like games. Here we don't have a time limit, but instead we have an increasing number of extraction points on the map (and the maps themselves become larger), so the game becomes like some kind of endurance test, which is very tiring even when the number of points has reached only four. There are no real risk/rewards to the players, and you won't be able to get much in skills development, as i feel. The game feels cooperative only until people get upgrades and weapons, while in the beginning some heavy objects had to be carried by two or three people and enemies are killed in a team, further on it's enough for one person to walk around with strength upgrades and anti-gravity orb for heavy items and with tranquilizer and pan/bat/hammer for enemies. I also dislike the fact that you can't clear more extraction points at once instead of doing one then next and then next, this feels kind of unnecessary when you have many points to clear. Anyway, this is a very good game and i look forward for future updates!
Q button
its very funny but for me i honestly think single player is scary espessialy when it gets to lvl 3 LIKE YOU CANT HIDE ps stack up on strength cards
Is amazing with friends, the most out of all the horror collection game. i hope the updates keep coming.
Very fun! Really enjoying playing with a full group.
Pretty good but games icon doesnt do it justice.
This game is a ton of fun with friends!
its epic and fun with friends
un juego pero con amigos la experiencia se vuelve mas que nunca.
RECOMENDADISIMO 20/10 Y GOD
I got to violate my friend and give him a swirly
Now he is traumatized and runs away from me
Awesome game!
funny LOL XD :3
it good
Banger game, very fun, please change that god awful cover image it is so bad.
Also spawn more gnomes in matches, at least 20 at a time, we need even more gnomes, GIVE ME MORE GNOMES!
Tremendo juego para pasar el rato con amigos, espero lo actualicen con cada vez mas cosas.
This game is really fun, but you know what definitely makes it more fun? Having friends to play the game with you. Seriously this game is boring just by yourself and also doing duo. With duo at least you have someone to play with but after 2 or 3 games it gets boring with duo so get at least 3 to 4 people to play with in this game
Everything else is perfect BUT you need FRIENDS
This game is honestly the best one out of this genre of multiplayer horror collect and retrieve! No flashlight battery is amazing as that can be so annoying, as well as no time limit! I've been having a blast playing with friends and I highly recommend this as it's such am amazing game so far with all the features!
Orospu yerden yere vuruyoruz sanki evimizi yakma gibi kazma
De esos juegos indie que tienen esos detalles hechos con amor. Hay que decir que tengo 5.7h, pero en este poco tiempo tengo de los mejores clips guardados de mi existencia con amigos.
Very fun game to play with friends tbh
brauche eine neue unterhose oder auch 100
bixo igual among us + mecanica de lethal company
My teammates at the shop are more violent then the monsters. 10/10 would recommend
top zau
Just farted
fumy
Wenisimo, como 3 vasos kdbxndnx
This is just Great Value Lethal Company
peak
fun game highly recommend
lethal company ripoff thats honestly better than lethal company
oh boy i sure do miss my friends after i sent them flying with a baseball bat
Love getting heart palpatations from all these goobers
fun game definitely recommend getting to play with friends
if they could add public multiplayer lobbies that would be fire
for being early access it is a decent game with strong elements and concepts, however the price progress gets pretty big on the third game it doubles to over 20k from just shy of 10k. i understand there are decent priced lootables but being that difficult for a solo player is pretty unfair with the fact that alot of the better valued items aren't light and don't move very easily with being only one person. you lose out on more than you gain if playing solo. I feel it needs more of a balance between coop and solo.
quebrei um vaso, fui julgado, meus amigos explodiram, foda
now this is a game to play with friends. its amazing and would highly recommend to all.
ts the best horror game ive played in a min
Fucking banger.
good
GOTY
So Far the game is pretty good! good job!
muito very do good
I love it but please add matchmaking or server browser.
It's Good.
Todo bueno, lo malo es que no se le puede chupar el pene a la con tijeras
SO SPOOKY SO SCARY HAHA
i love the game for the 3 hours i have played so far but i have no friends to play it with ha ha
i need friends.
10/10 game
Great game but they add public joining lobbies since a barely have friend on PC to play this masterpiece and also i hope this game can cosmetics like different hats and maybe a monster wiki were once u discover a monster u get document that can read to find the name of the monster it abilities and behaviors or weakness.
sigma game the laser guy makes me think about hanging sometimes
funny
i love it
50
jogo insanamente bom e divertido com amigos se puder compre e jogue vai se arrepender
divertido
fun
i like it
ITS FUN
jajajaja es chistoso
Mid
Very fun game especially with friends ,takes the " lethal company" formula and expands upon it very reccomended.
crash every time
boneca do inferno maldita
Gud game
played for about an hour and laughed harder than i have at a game in years. 10/10
PLEASE remove the duck
fnuy
Actually a genuinely amazing and well made game. Especially the part after you die when you fight each other. Devs, just an idea, PLEASE make a dedicated PVP mode with like different maps and items and stuff. Me and my friends fight each other constantly in the pvp thing by going into a match and self destructing, it's so fun.
better with friends
golri de fou
Surprisingly fun and has effort put into it. The whole emoji thing really gives off a "cheap mobile-app shovelware" vibe, but don't be deceived - this is already one of the better "Lethal-Like" games out there, and is pretty good for the (current) price point.
No in-game matchmaking at the moment though, so either play solo, bring friends, or look for a matchmaking Discord or somethin'.
Some points I want to elaborate on:
- The text to speech is great. Funny, true, but also genuinely useful for communicating when you either don't want to talk (monsters nearby) or don't have a mic.
- There's no hard time limit. Generally you can take as much time as you need to gather loot and avoid threats. The main limit is that you can't leave until you meet each extraction point's quota.
- The main gimmicks are that loot is fragile (drop it or slam it into the wall and it'll break, or lose some value), and that heavier loot spawns later (more valuable, but harder to move), requiring either multiple players or buying strength upgrades. Some will be so big you can't fit them into the loot-cart and have to navigate them to the extraction manually. While avoiding monsters, of course.
- The maps start small and get bigger. This lets you work together more frequently as a team before the maps get big enough for you all to spread out.
- There's a lot of monsters, and some have great designs. My favorite is "blind guy with a shotgun". Not exactly creative, but boy is he interesting to work around.
I died
I love the player interactions. This is an amazing game to be a try hard or just goof off.
this game fun with friends
I love the game, it is very good, worth every penny. I am in the works of making a lore video about the game, i enjoy it so much.
good
FIRE GAME
entrei com meu amigo
iniciamos a partida
demos de cara com um maluco com uma doze
meu amigo toma um 200
me escondo na privada
nao escuto mais nada
abro a tampa da privado
tomo um tiro mais alto q tudo
chuto a tomada e o pc desliga
da poha
Pls make an official discord for players to find eachother
R.E.P.O is such a fun game that is always so funny and horrifying all at the same time if you love lethal company you would love this game
I'm in the squid of it everybody knows.
funny robot game
text to speak robot voice is the best
My friend died right in front of my eyes in the most disorientating, painful, and scary way. I was next 10/10
Top 5 mejores juegos de "miedo" con amigos.
Funny, clever, it follows the same lead of the other games started by lethal company but have it's own identity, the reaction of the players, eye movement, voice distortion ecc ecc are a perfect immersive touch, 100% would recommend
Great game, great graphics. (plus you can headbutt your friends and then throw them across the room)
El juego es muy bueno y es muy divertido jugarlo con amigos, mi problema es que algunas veces el juego se cierra solo y tengo que empezar una nueva partida
Maybe the best funny-scary co-op iv'e ever played with my friends. These devs know how to make whimsicle
sigma
Nice Lethal clone
Friendly fire
Divertido para jugar tanto con amigos como sin ellos.
SUPER GRA I WGL 12/10
bad game, not fun, hard to see with how grainy and dark it is. very easy.
incroyable
million dollar
After 5th stage impossible to play, just spamming mosnters to not allow you do anything. You can carry only 3 weapon but it's not enough to kill some monsters to play need to give monsters a less hp or count of monster must be reduced.
the game is so much fun. play with a big group of friends its so chaotic!
good game but i think it needs tha abilty to quick play or join random lobbys or lobbys you can choose
gud
Goty
Good soup
10/10, would develop cabinet PTSD again.
Reached Day 8. A laser clown, a ghost, and some shadow demon all showed up like it was a horror movie crossover event. Spent an hour hiding in a cabinet, contemplating life choices. Finally got a window to escape, gathered my loot, reunited with friends. and then, in a moment of sheer panic, managed to break literally everything. Now I'm poor, itemless, and emotionally scarred. Would I do it again? Absolutely.
good
Lo he jugado 1h y me ha encantado, las son muy buenas y los monstruos dan miedete :D.
Recomendado para jugar con amigos <3
blow up
Ich liebe es ;=)
this game fye fs :3
This game is fucking shit. Bad and I mean HORRIBLE. This is content warning with less steps and a terrible physics extraction mechanic. No progression, no hint of a deeper meaning. This game is purely void of any real core mechanics. Walk around, find something, learn you need a stronger arm to pick it up, get the cheap items, buy the stronger arm, be able to pick up the heavier item. Gameplay end.
yeah you can like shoot yourself with the guns its acctualy p awesome
Very fun and funny game to play with a group of friends or family. Would recommend for anyone that like horror and having fun.
R.E.P.O; ist nicht nur ein spiel es ist Kunst. Jedem wird aufgefallen sein, das dieses Game eine Instanz in einer zu im 80er Jahre Horror Film Stil gehalten Maps pflegt. Was mich am meisten faszinierte und wahrlich die dieser Devs sprach. Von dem Voice Indikator brauchen wir in dieser Rezension garnicht sprechen also ich meine sich mein bewegender Deckel Munt bleibt zu sollte glaube ich schon alles hinsichtlich dessen beantworten. Abgesehen davon waren auch noch die Kreaturen die einen durch diese Jagenden durften, abwechslungsreich und erfrischend. Sie passten einfach rein wenn man zum beispiel von einer Vogelscheuche durch einen langen sich befindenden gang von und dann durch eine im 80er Jahre Eingerichte Stube gejagt wurde in der ein Kamin stehen konnte, einen tapeziert raum. So empfindet man dies nicht nur als sondern auch als eine Umgebung in der man gejagt werden wollte und dessen einen wagen voller mit Vorsicht vor-sich herschob. Der und das Alien sind wohl einer der Faszinierendsten wie aber auch nervigste Kreatur zugleich. Der ist eine an Akustischen wellen gebundene Kreatur, wo man sich sicherer in dem zustand in dem man miteinander kommunizieren zu glaubt. Was es auch nicht ungeschehender machte wenn man schon dieses grummeln und das klappern des Laufes der Flinte vernomm. Das Alien allerdings nutzt irgend eine art von sonderbaren die es ihm die Gravitations Indifferenz zu kontrollieren. Die Gravitation war wohl der entschiedenste Parameter mit dem des Werte gebundenen Rechners von Jedem zerbrechlichen Objekt. Also kommen wir zum ende das was dieses spiel ausmacht sind klar deren Szenarios die geschaffen und Kreiert werden durch die bindenden Faktoren Raum-Zeit-Gravitation-Kreatur; Ich glaube das die Dev das Potenzial deren eigenen Spieles noch nicht erkannt haben. Meine (Lore) Es ist ganz klar das dieses Grundkonzept dazu geeignet erscheint Kreaturen zu testen in Raum und Zeit in der Wissenschaftler Traum Konstrukte, erschaffen haben in der die Physik und Kreatur getestet werden. Die Teleskop Roboter sind Sonden, die Optimiert wurden mit KI und Teleskop Hydraulik um sich zu verstecken und eigentlich Wertlose bezeichnet als zu Bergen. In Zukunft solltet ihr Kreaturen reinringen die noch mehr in diese wie ich es nennen Traum Expedition, grundlegend noch mehr beeinflussen und was erschaffen in dem man in einem chaotischen Traum in dem man vielleicht durch mehrere Zeitachsen fliegt oder in einer Extraktion durch mehrere verschiedene aber doch zu den vorherigen passenden Stil durchquert. Ein Biom aber unterschiedliche Konzeptionen, z. B. (80er Jahre Hotel; Schwimmbad ebene; Irrgarten aber mit in Den Busch Abtrennungen. Ebenen einen Aufzug oder Portal als genutzt werden, doch es auch Biom bedingte Events eintreten oder von Kreaturen gesteuerte wo auf einmal der Flur die Decke ist und alles Kopf steht Seht euer Game als Traum somit ihr eine wie ich immer eine Quietschende in eurem Spiel oder wird. Alles Potenzial ist
not what i expected
Fun Asf
:D
I LOVE THIS GAME SO FUCKING MUCH (BETTER WITH FRIENDS)
silly
good game
in my opinion this is better than lethal company, so much fun and wild antics to be had. a map you can look at whenever you want, a sneak option, and so many other features that i think really help to flesh out this new style of horror game.
nice
dis game is awesome
GAME OF THE YEAR
2 [strike] [/strike], [/b], [b] 5
Convinced a bunch of friends to get the game. We all love it. Lots of fun. lots of potential.
Devs have a banger here.
10 10.
Super gierka niby horror ale zabawny idealny do gry ze znajomymi ;D
Super fun with the boys, best horror extraction game out right now. SO much personality in the little people you play as. Super interactive and intuitive. D.O.P.E ahhh game
Im going to touch you
20
my friend got shish kebabbed by a frog. 10/10
very fun really makes you feel like you are repo
This may be the most fun game I have ever played. Basically you an up to six other players are working for a company having to do with the smile emoji I would assume it is. It almost never gets boring you can keep playing and it is at least ten times better with friends. I reccomand this for you and your friends to get. 10/10 Game in my opinion.
Tiembla lethal company. Solo por la mecanica de mover objetos merece la pena. Super divertido goty.
good
Fajna gierka i straszna do pogrania ze znajomymi
funni
Fun Indie Horror
ts ws real fun
Lots of fun!
THIS GAME IS SOOOOOOOOOOO FUN WITH FRIENDS
Funny Review: friend whispered Peen nus behind me and i instantly got blasted in the face by the Huntsman. So my friends Peenus got me killed 10/10
Real Review: This game has made my nights so much more fun with my friends! The longer you play the less scary things get but try the sungle player mode and see just how scary the game is solo! The challenge is nice to have and the many different unfortunate plate and gem shatterings are great to laugh at! Play with your friends and enjoy the early access!
I look forward to the new content coming out soon!
que jogo BOM, com amigos a experiencia incrivel, se vc tiver pelo menos uns 2 amigos ja vale a pena, joguem.
One of the absolute best co-op party games I have played in years, the amount of detail that has been crammed into REPO is insane. From needing multiple team members to work on getting huge items to your selling spot, to monsters that attach to your face and change your voice, or even the satisfying crack of throwing a ferocious garden gnome against the wall and watching him shatter. This game does not hold back on the entertainment factor. $10 for a game you get hundreds of hours of fun in is a no brainier.
I encourage anyone who has a few buddies you game with, just try it out, you will not regret it. I play 4 other guys at night and we have a blast every time we get on.
10\10
pq sim
Mt bom
great community and game is fun
slam dunk any creature you see onto the fucking floor
Best Lethal Company Clone Since Content Warning
First game:
I did tutorial + bf did not = chaos and all of the lost money
Lots of screaming
Died round 2 while screaming
relationship in danger while battling for the crown
lost and bf slept on couch
10/10
Hab meinen Kollegen dauernd ins Klo gesteckt, Granaten auf uns beide geworfen, in den Monstern ausgeliefert, die ente ist auch super nett und dieser laser frosch nimmt mir jeden Lebens Willen 10/10
funniest game i have ever played! i love this game
very good
Unironically a better Lethal Company that is most likely going to get more updates, thumbs up from me
Fun little Lethal Company clone
My friend hid in a room inside a toilet the whole game and waiting till I walked in He then jumped out and yelled "IM SKIBIDI TOILET"
10/10
amazing game, the banner is deceptive, most fun i've had with a group on a game like this in ages!
can run niall the big back over
can put jiawei in a bin would recommend
wow
I really like the giant black skull monster he tickled my toesy woesys
very sigma
Jogo legal ri pra krl, xinguei pra krl, morri pra krl mais e muito divertido. tristemente nao tenho com quem jogar mas o jogo e muito bom e legal
nice gaem
INCROYABLE
super fun horror game
enemies too op silly poo poo
e bao
kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk muito bom
R.E.P.O Taught Me the Value of Hard Work
nice game funny
Fun
The best horror coop game in 2025, you can say the N word
Son de esos juegos que cualquier cosa te puede pasar sin alguna, pero si lo juegas con Amigos es una experiencia mejor, momentos divertidos, frustantes e incluso risas y risas.
10/10 el juego
LO AME Y ME CAGO DE RISA CON LOS PERSONAJES XD
good game
is good boss
very fun!
Ragdoll physics is a feature
me like, me get touched by friends, me recommend
The most fun I had in a while with my friends. We're all busy people nowadays but we got together to try the game for an hour or so and then maybe forget about it but we somehow played for 7 hours straight and we weren't aware of the time flying by. The only thing I noticed was that my stomach was hurting from all the laughter.
It's fun and spooky, a lot of monster diversity too, and you get 2-4 monsters type per level which will change the way you play the level, because each of the monsters has a unique power/gimmick you have to pay attention too and some combinations are really dangerous for the team.
The only thing I don't like.It's a roguelite. If you and your friends all die, you lose all the progress/money you've earned, character/cart upgrades/weapons and you literally start from 0. We weren't able to get to the final level, we don't even know what that level is or if we were close or not, game is really new when I post this and can't find much much about it online.
I totally recommend this game, the price is fair, game runs well, spooky spooks and fun with friends.we'll be back as well.
This game is simply amazing with the right people!
amazing
its scary and fun
Great fun
Esse jogo pega o conceito de "jogos do tipo lethal company" e melhora aspectos absurdamente. Tem varias criativas, bastante consegue dar medo quando quer e consegue ser extremamente um minuto depois.
Lethal company andou para que repo pudesse correr.
Video game
Funny!
good
Fokin juego del 10/10 para cagarse de risa con amigos
Fun game)
cokyii
only played for a few hours and this is the most funny game ever 100% recomend
good new horror game :)
QUE JOGO BOM! muito interessante a ideia de estar falando de sexo e achando nos modelos dos players e do nada vem uns monstro horripilante que vai te deixar traumatizado por alguns anos ai.
Muito maneiro de jogar com amizades como um jogo de Se for jogar sozinho vale como uma boa de terror
recomendo.
Jogo do KARALHO Cinema D+ todos os aspectos perfeitos nesse jogo. design muito interessante e cativante, recomendo 100% para quem tem amigos, quem n tem se fode.
W games
po compra
Un jeu style lethal company qui est plus les animations des personnages comme les monstres on ne se lasse pas!
Excelente juego para tirar duendes molestos a la mierda
It seemed like the game was really unbalanced for the first few hours of playing, but it's only because you have no idea how careful you have to be, you're not hard limited on time so there's no need to rush most of the game.
very gud
R.E.P.O. has a unique movement that allows the player to "slide-cancel" and duck under an object.
It allows the player to experience the nature of horror while using flexible movements to counteract the game's sluggish mechanics.
The atmosphere is well-made; it has a similar element from Lethal Company and Phasmophobia.
Overall, 10/10 recommend the game to those fooled by the goofy thumbnail.
game is perfect. no notes.
cool
10/10 my friends beat me to death and throw me into the void
brilliant
nunca vou esquecer as horas de gritaria e risada que esse jogo me rendeuKKKKKKK
por enquanto tem como procurar lobby, mas vale a pena comprar se tu tem amigo esquisito igual os meus
Better than Lethal
as someone with hundreds of hours in lethal company and other games of that nature, this game is very fun and has a uniqueness which helps it stand out.
Better lethal company
Jogo muito bem feito acho que melhor que lethal company
Zajebista gra dla 6 osobowej ekipy. W chuj zabawy i kupujcie nie pierdolcie
Ta weno
65% Lethal Company + 35% Phasmophobia. Games core is very solid.
Como diria mi pana emojo, esta verygu
it sigma sigma buy
Farted next to the shotgun man and got blasted 10/10
very fun and very scary its similar to lethal company but in my opinion its a little bit more funny and more fun
EAE ARTUR
please make your POV actually get spin while ragdoll and flush in toilet please
Pretty funny alternative to Lethal Company. Badly needs public lobbies, but the devs are aware and post frequent updates on their Youtube channel. From how it is right now in EA it feels like the game can only get bigger, better and more polished over time.
REPO truly sets a new standard of quality for Early Access games. It is seriously shocking just how smooth, feature-complete, and problem-free the gameplay is. All the settings are there, keys are fully configurable, menus are clean and easy to navigate, getting a lobby going is quick and easy, even positional audio works correctly. There is an impressive variety to maps that ensure no two runs are the same. Playing this with friends is a joy - environments are dark and eerie, but goofy characters and physics result in almost non-stop hysterical laughter. It is really hard to think of anything else to add at this point. $10 is a steal for this game.
Some of the most fun I've had in a video game in a VERY long time.
This game is hysterical and I would recommend anyone with a good friend group to play this.
However, I'm going to give criticism where criticism is due, so here it is:
1.) Upgrades should effect everyone, not just the person that uses them. These are too expensive to just affect one person.
2.) Health packs as well should effect everyone (Most likely within a radius)
3.) Extractions should have a confirm button so that you don't accidentally break objects
4.) Being Revived should probably give you slightly more HP (probably 10 or 20), 1 is too low as many accidents can happen, like getting slapped in the face by a plate that your friends holding (speaking from experience)
5.) Change the stupid banner, makes it look like common steam game trash when this game is an absolute GEM! (keep the emoji theme in game just make the banner 3 little dudes or smth)
6.) Game gets needlessly hard after the 5th level (6+). its funny to try and throw your friends in the abyss and kill them tho. farthest me and my friends have made it is to the end of level 7, just before the final extraction.
for the few gripes that I have with the game, there is already mods to fix many of them:
there is a mod for more revive hp
there is a mod where health packs effect everyone
there is a mod where upgrades effect everyone
there is a mod to confirm extractions
also, for the few gripes I have, there are MANY more reasons why this game is so fun.
need friends or at least public lobbies
why cant i pet the duck :(
klassno
42.
gut game
it is very funny
-
10/10
this is maybe my game of the year better then lethal company and more goofy
4070 Super | i5-13600K
32GB DDR5 | Windows 11
Avg FPS on Ultra: 160
Plays great, having lots of fun! Feels like Lethal Company x Content Warning.
Definitely worth the price.
Excellent
You play as a Canadian from South Park 10/10
the passage of time
I WAS SCEPTICAL AS THIS LOOKS LIKE A LETHAL COMPANY COPY. HOWEVER, PERSONALLY I LIKE THIS BETTER THAN LETHAL COMPANY. LETHAL COMPANY IS A BIT SCARIER AND THIS IS MORE COMDEDIC AND STILL SPOOKY. IN THIS YOU HAVE TO WORK TOGETHER MORE TO PROFIT BY LIFTING OBJECTS, AND THE AMOUNT OF TIMES SOMETHING COMES ALONG AND SUCKER PUNCHES US WHILE MOVING THINGS IS HILARIOUS. ALSO HAS A UNIQUE HIDING MECHANIC THAT IS FUN AS WELL. THE UPGRADES IN STORE ARE VARIOUS AND MAKE SENSE. LETHAL HAS A LOT OF UPGRADES IF YOU ADD MODS BUT THIS GAME ADDS A LOT. ALSO ALOT OF LEVELS AND MORE THAN LETHAL WHEN IT COMES TO ENEMY VARIETY. IV HAD FUN WITH THIS GAME AND IM SURE OTHERS WILL TOO.
lets go tous se taper sur la geule
pick up your friends and throw them at the monsters!
Incredible game
if content warning and lethal company had a child this would be it. Peak game
GOOD GAME TO PLAY WITH FRIENDS
game is good but needs so real re-balancing, sometimes in the first level you can get 2-3 monsters spawn which make causalities impossible to avoid and can be a slog to finish the level especially with smaller groups the Monster AI are terrible and get stuck on things or each other and can stay one area if they never hear anything which isn't great practically making it so you have sacrifice urself to get them to move by trying to lure them away for your team in solo just good luck with that.
Some monsters just hit waaaay to hard and should be nerfed their damage i dont think the duck should hit for 10 dmg three times per second which is 30 damage a second i know the duck is easy to avoid IN THEORY but everytime we encountered the duck it was with other monsters and would causes just so many issue mainly it narcs on your hiding spot when it quacks and causes the other monsters to actually go over and check with the blind huntsman literally shooting at you whenever the duck decide to pester you can quack this situation with a duck and hunter is pretty much a game over in most cases especially with newer players, you can't run you can only sneak and the duck will eventually quack to get you shot and killed.
Some monster have way to much hp to with very little ways to deal with them aka killing them, the robe and hunter can take a landmine to the face and if they dont get hurt from falling over because the explosion causes ragdoll the guy will just live, the game just in general needs to spawn tools in the levels for player to use or collect it shouldn't be just exclusive to the shop. imo only upgrades should be exclusive to the shop and everything else should be uncommon or rare spawns depending on what those items are liie grenades should probably be uncommon or between uncommon or rare spawns, i dont like buy explosives or weapons when especially when using them is more of risk for the player than the monster unless ur using a landmine, i appreciated you can technically kill every monster but its way to risky to do it unfortunately atm unless you get landmines, guns, traq guns aka the weapons that dont require you to get close to the monster.
I think the game is very good the environments & monster are very interesting. its fun for sure but the impossible setups kinda bring it down sadly.
Don't play with this no-fun haver:
w
R
BOM DMS AINDA MAIS COM OS INCOMPETENTES DO SEUS AMIGOS
Hay q tebner talento
game is good at it's base but the monster just keep annoying my team a the down time is too long, you may say it's a skill issue but we just wanna have fun goofing around.
ye
hard carried my team and they still acting like poopy heads to me
VERY FUNNY LOTS OF LAUGHS, LIVE LAUGH LOVE
10 10
Excellent jeu, j'ai rarement eu autant de fou-rire la minute. Les niveaux sont bien pour se cacher et voir ses amis entrains de face aux qui varient entre un monstre de Tchernobyl et un papi qui pas vous mettre un de 12 dans la tronche au moindre bruit.
EXCELLENT
Awesome game. Hopefully it stays that way and constant updates different items and so on love it so far!
I can't remember the last time i had this much fun in a game. Thank you Devs!
ohhhh thats a precious computer dont break that computer its EXPENSIVE KILL THOSE GNOMES
j'ai lancer une partie avec un amie,
on a bien ri avec le chat
on a un magnifique petit caneton,
juste j'ai rencontrer une ballerine qui semblait quelque peut
la ballerine m'a frapper et le caneton a pris un coup aussi,
le caneton c'est retourner et m'a manger
mon ces balader avec ma la fin,
je recommande
multiplayer system is horrid
good game overall just wish there was a matchmaking or a thing where you could select other peoples servers
Oyunu beraber 3 saat ve oyun var. Bunlardan olumlu tabii ki.
olarak oyun cidden Biz 4-5 ile fakat singleplayer rahat rahat garantisini veririm. Lethal Company ya da Content Warning oynayan biri olarak ne tarz bir az biliyordum fakat bu kadar Sadece lobbydeki chate sesli muhabbetine bile saat boyunca Ki oynayan oyunun Lethal Company denemek istemeyen de Daha oyuna bu Lethal Company'e 150 saat biri olarak bu oyunu kendime biraz daha buldum Kendisinin bende bir yeri olsa bile 'Ulan tarz yenilikler de bu oyunda' bu oyunda beni vermem gerekirse oldum zaman ile fikrinden nefret ederdim. Ben zamana yoksa gezegeni mi? Bu oyun seni o dertten daha smooth bir oyun deneyimi sunuyor. yok, acele yok. Sadece topla, ya da gitti. Ne kadar kendi da olsa, biri oyun boyunca sadece izlemek zorunda ve bu da o can olabiliyordu(Asla bir derdim daha az etmemiz gereken bir duruma getiriyor ve daha olaylar Mekanik olarak da bir fark garip gelse de zamanla daha da hale getiriyor. Canavarlardan saklanma muhabbetine Bazen ne yaparsan yap her durumlar oluyordu. Bu oyunda ise bunu neredeyse tamamen ve ne biliyorsan kurtulacak bir yol neredeyse her zaman bulabiliyorsun. olarak almaya devam edecek ve oyunun Mod de Bu tarz cidden detaylar daha da Oyunda kaybetsek bile bir ringe bizi de bir olay. Oyun andan gibi.
Normalde incelemeye sevmem ve hatta beceremem de fakat bu oyun bir yazmak istedim. etkiyi devam ettirebilir cidden bir potansiyeli var. Daha ilk haftadan en oyunlar girdi. Lethal Company'de bu tarz bir
Guys this game is insanely funny, especially with friends who are terrible moving men. 10/10 would destroy priceless artifacts again
12 minutes in, most fun i've had on a game in a long time, so much fun with mates, funniest shit ever 10/10
its a good one with friends for sure. i wish we could join other peoples lobbys though. overall great game. lol whats content warning.
Bought the game, played with my friends for about 20 to 30 Minutes with no issues whatsoever, laughed our butts off, then I got disconnected, joined back in after my friends had their fun, got disconnected after about sixty seconds, watched my friends play, joined again, got disconnected again with the Code: EXCEPTION and then I got a refund cause this is doney balls!. Sad cause I did have fun for the first few minutes. Oh well, there's still Lethal Company and Content Warning. At least those games work.
ESTA SUPER CHIDO
good game, pls make stamina go up faster
ts is me
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Que jogo bom pra jogar com os amigos, bem estilo Lethal Company. ponto ruim que tem servidores abertos para jogar com outras pessoas, apenas lobby fechado, mas acho que no futuro eles implemente os lobbies abertos para o pessoal.
dinguerie de jeu
trop jouer avec des amis
im hare before the game becomes popular
uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
O jogo otimo e muito cade os br pra jogar junto ?
im not sure if the rapeman is the best addition to this game
great game!
great game
on foenem grave this game heat
If you like seeing your friends get blasted in their heads with a shotgun by Helen Keller, get kidnapped by an invisible man or even getting beamed to pieces by lasers. Then my friend this game is for YOU!
git
yes
11 10
Funny collecting game i fucking love canadians
pretty amazing funny good game.
bshiat
Has to be one of the best loot horror games ive ever played since Lethal Company. Its so damn funny, cute and horrifying to play especially with friends. I def recommend ppl to play this masterpiece
pato filho da puta
fun happy positive
This is honestly one of the best Lethal Company inspired games I've found and played. Highly recommend checking it out. I agree with what many of the other reviewers are saying with the banner not doing the game justice.
very fun. lots of funny moments and the monsters designs are really good
android logo lethal company
Decent game but the way network play is handled means anyone outside of your country will either lose connection to the voice chat or/and eventually time out of the game and be unable to rejoin until its restarted. Uses Proton or something instead of peer to peer.
WB.
Lethal Company,
PEAK COMEDY NIGHT
good times
very fun yes yes yes ksibid rizz rizz
-{ Graphics }-
☐ You forget what reality is
☐ Beautiful
☐ Good
☑ Decent
☐ Bad
☐ look too long at it
☐ MS-DOS
-{ Gameplay }-
☑ Very good
☐ Good
☐ It's just gameplay
☐ Mehh
☐ Watch paint dry instead
☐ Just don't
-{ Audio }-
☐ Eargasm
☐ Very good
☑ Good
☐ Not too bad
☐ Bad
☐ I'm now deaf
-{ Audience }-
☑ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☐ Grandma
-{ PC Requirements }-
☐ Check if you can run paint
☑ Potato
☐ Decent
☐ Fast
☐ Rich boi
☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer
-{ Game Size }-
☑ Floppy Disk
☐ Old Fashioned
☐ Workable
☐ Big
☐ Will eat 10% of your 1TB hard drive
☐ You will want an entire hard drive to hold it
☐ You will need to invest in a black hole to hold all the data
-{ Difficulty }-
☐ Just press 'W'
☑ Easy
☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master
☐ Significant brain usage
☐ Difficult
☐ Dark Souls
-{ Grind }-
☑ Nothing to grind
☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks
☐ Isn't necessary to progress
☐ Average grind level
☐ Too much grind
☐ You'll need a second life for grinding
-{ Story }-
☑ No Story
☐ Some lore
☐ Average
☐ Good
☐ Lovely
☐ It'll replace your life
-{ Game Time }-
☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee
☐ Short
☑ Average
☐ Long
☐ To infinity and beyond
-{ Price }-
☐ It's free!
☑ Worth the price
☐ If it's on sale
☐ If u have some spare money left
☐ Not recommended
☐ You could also just burn your money
-{ Bugs }-
☑ Never heard of
☐ Minor bugs
☐ Can get annoying
☐ ARK: Survival Evolved
☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
-{ ? / 10 }-
☐ 1
☐ 2
☐ 3
☐ 4
☐ 5
☐ 6
☐ 7
☐ 8
☑ 9
☐ 10
Esse jogo e bom pra carai, sempre que tu pensar que ja viu todos os monstros vai aparecer um novo
Amazing game, hard laughs, every map is a different layout with a different mob that spawns. The shop could have more items IMO but the game JUST came out so Imma chill LOL
HIGHLY recommend if you like playing with friends.
[b] [/b]
best game ever
I love this game
the text to speech, the unique items, its really cool
the only problem i have is theres no matchmaking
it gets tedious going ALL THE WAY into the discussions to find a match
Awesome Game!
Boring if your friends already know everything
I was sceptic at first, but this is a 10/10 experience.
better than fortnite
I cant help grin over repo :)
kick.com/costrain ekip ile keyifliydi.
Na dzisiejsza gierka de besta
Thunderhumor <3
goog
mu weno
this game is great but i don't have much people to play with so i refunded it but overall its a good game!
The homie made a video that was almost 11 minutes worth of clips in one 2 hour session. I would MOST CERTAINLY recommend.
So good and funny to play with your friends!
needs built in multiplayer
GOD
Actual Lethal Company rival in the genre. I would argue I am having more fun in this game than I did in Lethal, The monsters are scary, having no time limit is great, being able to revive your teammates adds a nice new objective, and the sneaking around instead of getting instantly killed by a monster makes it tense. It's peak, even replicates those moments Lethal could have where it feels like a comedy movie or a bit.
Good game. Big man saw me and uh injured the clock
10/10
robots funny, game scary, 10/10
alright so let me tell you something. i HATE scary games but this is actually so fun. its 10x better than lethal company and i cant wait to see what modders are going to do for this game. ive played it with 3 people only so far and i think it would be more fun with way more people especially when there are 4 quotas to make. 10/10 game though and i really appreciate my friends for making me play this game even though i hate scary stuff <3
It's rly funny! If you like Lethal Company, you'll love this game. Highly recommended!
super funny game, play with more than one friend to be even more funny
This game is so silly and cute, i love the maps, the monsters, the physics! it's all great!
funniest game ive played in a minute
goty.
This game is ridiculously funny and really entertaining! The more people you can play with, the better! You could say this game is very similar to another game that became really popular in the recent years, but I do have to agree this one is even more fun! It's incredibly goofy and sometimes very challenging due to the monsters that spawn.
It's indeed a must-have if you just want to have a good time with your friends playing a co-op game with scary monsters while trying to survive
KOCA KAFANIN O UCUBE BALIKLARIN [spoiler] AMK [/spoiler]
I mostly recomend this game to play with at least 3 friends for max fun. Game is in early acces but its defenitly fun.
10/10 najlepszy symulator Pruszkowa w jaki
Genuinely some of the best laughs and scares I had in years! Moments where I play the day before and wake up with a headache kind of laughter. Game is fresh nearly every time with the auto-generation of map layouts. I doubt I've seen half of it though. The monsters are great, would love to see more variety in them since most of them work off of sight or sound. This game still is quite scary even with friends! A bit of a downturn though, I feel like the cost of shop items escalates a bit too fast for early game, to the point where I'm spending closer to 30k for an upgrade before level 4. Haven't encountered any glitches or bugs on my end. Overall, I can't wait to see how this game develops if it is this good right now.
fun game, (i witnessed murder twice) 10/10
Decent game, definitely needs some tweaking though.
This game is really fun and 100% worth your time and money. If you liked Lethal Company and Content Warning, you'll notice features in this game that the others were missing and you would have never even noticed until this game came out. Also, while the game doesn't currently have random player matchmaking, the developers have already stated that they are working on it. For now, you'll need to copy invite links or add players directly in the community channel on Steam to find players.
I give the game a 9/10 for now because it doesn't yet have random player matchmaking.
Very fun and enjoyable, my only complaint is that the game is a bit too difficult if you're playing by yourself since some enemies can sneak up on you and one shot you. The game is very fun with friends though.
Gierka wyje bana w kosmos polecam
demon duck
I shat myself out of fear and pissed out of laughter. Well done!
muito foda esse jogo nmrl
This is a joyride of an improvement and evolution to the genre.
Friends sold separately, batteries not included.
Dont grab duck
replace the emoji
yes
moro
One of the best in the genre! This game is filled to the brim with character and intelligent design. I've had a good laugh playing this with my mates.
Out of all the games that are like lethal Company! This is the best one by far. Heck I would dare to say that it surpasses it!
andriod robot turkey ass
too good but be better if mods or regular updates
Very funny, the more players the merrier
JUEGO KLO BNO WN
PD COVA CTM HABRIAO COMPRATE LA WEA Y NO LO JUGI DE LA WEA DE FAMILIA
Don't be fooled, this game is not a horror, but a very funny manual labor sim!
The devs have done a great work with the game mechanics: physics (which is the key feature) work great and feel intuitive, monsters are not overbuffed and interactions with your teammates are well designed, addingpuzzle elements and making each session fun.
The game has nice graphics and unique style, while still being able to be run even on toasters.
The worst part is that, in it's current state, the game has very little content: a few levels, a dozen of monsters and items, which makes game feel boring after 10-15 hours. But as the game is now in Early Access I guess over time it will receive more and more content.
The best co-op Lethal Company-like game ever so far.
gerek yok.
je le recommande car c'est un jeu / illarant voila surtout pour s'amuser entre amis
robot
repo brings the best from other games of the genre together but suffers the same problem as its peers : it gets old rather quickly
i'll still recommend it since it's one of the best crafted "lethal company-like" and also brings a few new gameplay elements to the table (smashing enemy gnomes into your friends' faces is fun)
joguem essa beleza de jogo, mesmo ele sendo desenvolvido esta sendo muito divertido entre meus amigos
il est drole
'Came for the adrenaline rush, stayed for the panic attacks, questionable life choices, and screaming at my screen while trying to survive. 10/10, would lose my sanity again'
Overly punishing, sluggish, couple hours of humouring monster encounters with friends before it'll become mundane.
I WATCHED MY FRIEND GET BLOWN UP AND SHOT INFRONT OF MY FACE
not a particularly big fan of horror games, but this one surprised me.
I may be a little biased since I got gifted it by my friend out of nowhere, but this is a really fun game.
I love the graphics, the gameplay loop is really fun and the atmosphere is equally as great. It kept me on the edge constantly, like a horror game should do.
It is also fairly challenging in some places. One run was going well until my friend got killed, and then the monster, to torment me, (it was only me and my friend playing), then proceeded to smash up 99% of our valuables sparing maybe 1 or 2 of them and killing the run completely. We had a little laugh about it after that though and I simply sacrificed myself to the monster as there was nothing I could do to progress.
You know what else makes the game really good other than the game self being really good?
- No UE5
- No Micro-Transactions / In-App Purchases
- Reasonable price (Under
- No stupid external launcher
- Well optimised
- I can look like the android mascot
- Despite being a multiplayer focused game there is a single-player mode if you want to play solo without anyone else
- It just works
honestly just nice to know there are still good games out there, amongst all these hyper-realistic, unfinished, poorly optimised, and micro-transaction filled AAA games.
10/10 funny game
Lethal Company
baba
got shot and laughed at
klasniiu kiiismiiiis
Divertido con amigos, te llevas sustos y risas
Bom demais, joguei por 5 hrs seguidas com meus amigos, super recomendo! Acho que este jogo utilizou bem do Lethal-like
this game is great, however i have a couple things i wish the devs are hoping to add in the very near future.
firstly achievements : playing repo is an amazing experience but after playing for a while there's no real end goal. Just don't die. While i still find the game fun i still wish there was something to play for like an achievement for killing all the monsters on one map or finding the secret room in the shop etc.
secondly a end goal : playing a game that has no end goal can have a draining effect once the magic of the fun dwindles, having a set level where the game ends or there';s rewards for ending the game with some cosmetics or something of the sort (no micro).
just my two cents i still do absolutely love the game and will continue to play it
remember this is my opinion
It's one of the funniest and best games i've ever played. It is not too hard or too easy, it is just perfekt. I really really recommend this game for everybody.
top.
Boring clone of lethal company. It can be fun sometimes, but definetly not worth its price.
The best "Lethal-like" game since Lethal Company. The only thing this game really needs is more.
i aint got no friends that play on pc so it gets really boring. i just dont know why they wont let you join randoms like lethal company
360
10 10
lo recomiendo, ES UN JUEGAZO
10 10.
I love screaming
geil
>
-
Agalarla iyi aktivite. oyun
its so funny
cool
VERY FUN love starting a match and having to watch my friend pick up a 3000 dollar statue just to drop it and break it and then they get mad and then get controlled by a creature that makes him throw up everywhere would recommend (:
awesome game for awesome people
muito top mas compre se tiver amigos.
good
YES
very funne game
funny
Tenho medo do quero mais ter filhos, marquei minha
el juego es divertido el unico problema es que no se puede jugar con randoms como en lethal company o como en content warning solo pudiendose jugar en local o enviando invitacion a tus amigos
This is a good one.
Very fun
Better than Lethal Company or other clones
Pretty fun and awesome game! Me and my fiance have enjoyed the game so far with the little hours we played already. The game can be terrifying especially when youre all alone trying to get everyone back. Filled with humorous ways to enjoy yourself with friends, the game has us laughing and shitting out pants. I would not recommend to play alone, best played with friends.
if you need someone to game with, you can add me! Looking for more REPO players anyways :)
Epic
El juego, es una puta obra de arte,
Es dificial al inicio pero ya cuando sabes masomenos lo que hacen los enemigos se hace un poco mas facil, es un cago de risa con amigos, lo unico q le falta seria un emparejamiento para jugar con mas gente sin la necesidad de tenerlos de amigos
THE BEST GAME EVER!
extraction game "but with physics!" didn't feel like a strong enough argument to make this game unique compared to others. refunded after an hour
This game is so fun, i like the style and the physics are fun, loved hitting people with the bat, recommend to play with friends!
10 10
spoko jak sie ma kolegow
very fun but not when my gay friend break my item
Personagens extremamente expressivos e sinceros demais, maravilhoso falar bosta no text-to-speech e ficar a pra cima e pra baixo pra mudar a voz. Inimigos e itens interessantes o suficiente pra te manter bem preso e rindo pa caralho no jogo, valeu cada centavo!
funn mgame
Best game to play with friends
360
Banner image is misleading, looks like scam, but is actually a very fun game!
Insanely fun, love tossing the gnomes around.
Monsters are scary, but avoidable if you know what to do.
Fun with friends, chaos ensues.
Very nice game
The game is really funny Really nice, the graphics are pretty nice provided you change a graphic parameter the concept of the game itself is cool despite the fact that it is very inspired by Lethal company. The multiplayer is not bad, the only downside is that there is no public game system for now but if you join a discord it is easy to find people. Then in itself the gameplay is simple to understand and in multiplayer it is really Value for money it is profitable and despite The game being released less than 2 weeks ago there are already about fifty mods on it
Got scared by my friends text to speech while getting jumped by a duck 10/10 highly recommend!
Best Game of 2025.
10/10
WEUWEUWEUWEUWEUWEUWEUWEUWEUWEUWEUWEU
Say this and look up and down in chat. You won't regret it.
TOP
this shit is peak
Fart
FOR EVERY TIME A BABY THROWS SHIT AT ME, I WILL KICK A BABY IN REAL LIFE
:)
:(
the game is awesome just dont forget to add multiplayer with servers :D
I use the gnomes as a butt plug when they spawn ( they make me want to die )
good
Very fun game. My sister and I played for the first time after watching someone on Twitch and had a blast. From the very first time we logged in we were laughing just because of the character animations, not to mention the actual gameplay. Ever wanted to smash a giant head with a frying pan? You're in luck! Well unless he smashes you first.
don't touch the lil animatronic chicken!
first game i've played where i'm cry laughing while running for my life
ce jeu est plier de rire, lethal en version content warning graphique, vraiment on peut y etre mais chaque action requise peut vous tuer de rire. les objets ont une influence sur vous
This game is scary but I had lot of fun playing it and the price says it is worth it.
oynaya harika bir oyun hem hem geriliyorsunuz.
RAPEOH
10 10
j'ai une criss de trace de brake dans mon speedo y avoir
pi un coulis de limonade sa jambe de droit.
je recommande solide
9,2 zoukini qui pli sur 10 brokoli en bikini
Really amazing game, I thought it would be but after buying it I fell in love with it. Of course we have a content warning or lethal company but this game came with something else again. The monsters are quite scary and fun at the same time. Playing this game with multiple friends is guaranteed fun. So if you have nothing to play and you like horror games, spending on it is definitely worth it.
Apenas bajo del auto abro una puerta sale un bicho que larga rayos, intento cerrar la puerta para evitar que mate mi amigo, y me termina reduciendo a subatomicas. 10/10
One of the funniest and reapet-able enjoyed game solo or /w friends.
Much like Lethal Company and Content Warning, this game excels at both horror and comedy.
11/10
simulador de grito e risada. 10/10
I hate the invisible monster.
Too many monsters if only playing duos or trios.
i got r.e.p.o'ed
Un des meilleurs jeux horreur/troll avec c'est pote
Un de lethal compagny et content warning
Il est fun remplie et remplie d'action
MERCI A VOUS LES DEVS
Brilliant game! I would say 5/5 stars but there's quite a few bugs that need fixing and possibly a change of game mechanics. Other than that. 4.5/5 stars!
1 Rule.) DON'T TOUCH THE DUCK!
R.E.P.Osition yourself onto my balls
great game fun with friends
fajne
Fun ah game to play with friends, only missing public lobbies. Buy if you liked Lethal Company and Content Warning.
Dieses Spiel ist einfach Lustig
Wichtig ist mit mindest 3 Leute spielen den Maximalen Fun
Macht echt viel
Grafik ist Toll
Grusel ist Top
Kreaturen ist Top
und die die man Spielt sind mit Abstand das Lustigste xD
Also Leute Spielt es mit Freunden und euch erwarten viele Lustige Stunden
Game is awesome! Devs need to change logo as it makes game less appealing to people who don't know it
Peak und lustig
This game deserves all the success it's getting.
If you love horror with friends, an experience you want to miss!
the robots CAN be hot, only if you want them to be tho
Really excited to see what they'll add to the game. Very good time.
Honestly I have the best time playing this game with friends. Reminds me back then when lethal company hit big back then but I'm really hoping this game will last long for more content coming soon. Overall 10/10 :)
Good
Better than Marvel Rivals
cool fun game
yes very fun
absolutely love this game its definetly gonna go places if tehy maintain the updates
fire game
Hit my coworker in the mouth with a fat stack of cash and watched as he got butt-touched by a giant frog.
Then after I tried the game I figured it was good.
JOGO SENSACIONAL PARA SE MIJAR DE RIR
10/10
goty
Lethal Company without the bad parts
-
nice game but lets me try a hours
d'aussi bon moment que sur lethal compagny le goofy en plus de dire que c'est mieux c'est ) le physique et le regard de personnage sa laisse des moment bien quand ton pote casse une assiette et que tout le monde le regade avec un regard criminal side eyes
un bon petit banger
komegom w potwora xdd
duck scary
good
Dear god i loving this game so damn much. This game has made me laugh the hardest I have ever laughed, period. My group has only gotten to the first few levels a few times, only four hours of gameplay, but I can not wait to see what comes later. It is such a great mix of silly and scary. I've seen a lot of comparisons to Lethal Company, and while I see the resemblance, This game is a lot more goofy, and I greatly enjoy both
Juego pro
YES.
TAKIMCA OYNANA 4.5
This game so much fun.
A very silly game with quite stressful monsters.
One thing I would highly recommend to the people making this though is to change that banner to the silly little guys you play as instead of the emoji. It would make it incredibly more appealing on an initial glance.
can't even whisper "damn bro." without alerting some bozo with a shotgun and getting a 12 gauge in my face >:(
good game
10 10. 4 - - 360
FAJNE
Absolute juicer, this game just seems like a more balanced version of lethal company. With upgrades and revives along with balanced monsters R.E.P.O is a big hit and I cannot wait to see what the future updates do to this masterpiece. 9/10
Very very fun game
Stressful but not scary, and a lot of oppertunities to fuck about
Great game, have had nothing but a blast playing this with the boys. ignore all the people talking about the emoji banner. It perfectly represents my face playing this game. Highly recommend this game great fun, full of laughter and OH SHIT moments with the boys.
mesmo tendo muito o jogo ainda mais quando jogado com amigos
10/10 would get trickshotted by a nutcracker with a shotgun again.
jogo mt para jogar com amigos, promete tudo e entrega tudo que promete, lethal company melhorado, terror, aventura, risadas, imposto, salario e bichos bons, o jogo precisa de bastante mapa novos, tem mt pouco, mas o jogo perfeito dmais
Estava com 20 mil no carinho apereceu 3 gnomos e perdi tudo da poha
really nice game. Me and my friend loaded into our first match and crashed into an mansion. i looked around the corner and a monster blasted me away. very nice game
i hvae dementia
w tym stylu gry jest i zarazem
Top
mano, esses boneco muito feio vtmnc, jogo bom da porra
REPO has the goofiest, most funniest animations ever LOL i literally love the voice changes it has and how the eyes dilate on certain things. i'd say this is a better version of lethal company and way more enjoyable
Awesome game! Took me a while to get some of the mechanics, but getting there.
Highly recommend to play with your friends! :D
add tall goth woman please
good, light fun with the boys
If you love Lethal Company, you'll love R.E.P.O. This game has some insane potential, really hope to see it fulfill that.
10 10
[h1] This game is SO much better than its father, Lethal Company. [/h1]
[h3]It just takes away all the boring stuff (like going 322km each round before actually playing) and makes it a lot enjoyable, [b]the game itself is a lot faster and dynamical[/b].
I love how they [i]reworked the core mechanic of collecting garbage and made it A LOT more interesting[/i]. Items you grab have interesting properties, more than just booping or exploding like in LC, which is different weight, sizes and features.
Monsters are fine, with different mechanics, but I wouldn't say they are scarier than LC ones (but that is individual for everyone).
[i]Overall, I can say that this game is Lethal Company on steroids, which is gonna be far more enjoyable because of its fresh mechanics and repetative, yet faster gameplay, in comparison[/i].
I absolutely recommend you to try this masterpiece, a [u]100%[/u] :)[/h3][b]
[list]
[*]GRAPHICS 9/10
[*]GAMEPLAY 8.7/10
[*]REPETATIVE 8.5/10
[*]SOUND DESIGH 8.5/10
[*]MECHANICS&FEATURES 9.2/10
[/list]
OVERALL [spoiler]8.78/10[/spoiler]! Try it yourself B-)[/b]
ok
Jeux bien avec des amis fun mais solo pas trop
Lethal Company 100x melhor
perkeleen hauska peli
10/10 fun, scary and interesting with friends
10 10
Crazy Frog
Muito bom
10 10
Sehr Gut
lethal company yiyenlerden bir tanesi daha tamamen bu ilk defa bir oyun verilebilir onun tamemen millet bir oyun
Muito bom o jogo, traz uma bem diferente dos outros "lethal company", recomendo muito pra quem tem um grupo de pelo menos 3 amigos, o tanto de e o tanto de risadas que esse jogo fez eu e meus amigos tirarmos foi
Espero que os devs abandonem o game e adicionem novos monstros, itens, e talvez alguma recompensa ou "final" para manter o jogo vivo por bastante tempo.
excelentisimo
dont touch the duck
211w2
very good and fun game.
this game is truly peak, if you want to have a fun, 100% replayable game for like 10 bucks. here it is. ive been playing this game nonstop since i bought it, fun alone, fun with friends, fun with randoms.
Entrei, quebrei um piano fui atacado por um que quebrou tudo o que eu tinha, achei uma boneca antiga, peguei a boneca, ela a me atacar que me explodiu. Meus amigos rolando de rir. 100 / 10.
My Freind Kana is Poor and he cant aford it
excelente pra quem tem amigos, mas eu tenho amigos pra jogar isso
GOOD GAME, BUT NEED A LOT OF FRIENDS
2.5
sla vey
Vaya barbaridad de juegazo. De los "clones" que han salido de Lethal Company, este es probablemente uno de los que mayor calidad tiene, y encima es divertido.
10 10.
monster = scary
friends = KILL THEM ALL
dis game gud :)
10 10,
Very funny haha. Text to speech funnier haha.
10/10
I am LOVING this game. Physics based Phasma?
tons of humor everywhere
good gameplay loop
I kinda think upgrades should go towards EVERYONE- maybe a setting?
Open up mod support <3
You can shoot the monsters with a gun
Carino
gud
wow this is really cool
:
10 10
This game is amazing!
literally so hilarious with friends and randoms but of course i wish it had the ability to just join random people rather then me being in a discord server, but i still love it. Hope this game keeps getting better!
very very fun
Yes.
Buen juego la verdad, mas mapas, mounstros y objetos raros ademas de online,
gay oyunu
Big shotgun blow me off
Yea its good.
Lethal Company Killer
quite the fun game with people. Lots of funny moments to have. do get it and play it
I absolutely love the Physics based take on the "Lethal Company" Genre it has so much potential and has been a blast so far.
It allows many more options in runs, especially when considering the drones in game. The monsters in this game are pretty good too so far.
I'm eager to see what the devs do with this game, as long as they don't abandon it. Game has great potential otherwise!
muito bom recomendo que joguem com os brodi do da pra fazer resenha muito boa
crazy game, I love it
"Oh look, a vase!"
(-$7,200)
"Nevermind."
mto bom, n tenho pra jogar ;(
Got shoved into a toilet by my friends and drop kicked by a clown
10/10 would recommend
Juegazo. Te cagas encima y si te confias te hacen mierda los bichos
Dear developers, hello, if you are reading this, the first thing I would like to say is that this is a very cool and interesting game, but I would ask you to add a mode to the game where random people play together. Thank you for your understanding and a good game
I love the silly semibots silly)
this game is so funy all need to play this game is so sick all need play it with beast friends
Puedo dispararle a mis amigos con una escopeta 10/10
This game is mad funny with friends.
It got a lot of funny stuff.
repoing it
10 10
Spent the entire round dead
The weather outside is rizzy and cuz i have no rizz i stay inside an play repo
Busco gente para jugar, porque mis amigos son ratas y no quieren poner 5 dolares, que farmean en cajas para jugar a este jueguito
Gracias un saludo, soy de lamatanza soy re piolita
Soy milico
Me gusta cocinar
Espelndido
Lethal Company -
R.E.P.O -
9/10.
do pieca
KURWAAAA
lethal company but better
goated
that Game is so fun i love this Game
kozak w chuj
Game is pretty fun
de un jeu aussi un letal company en mieux et sans mods
I expected this to be another semi-good lethal clone like content warning or headliners, but this game absolutely blew me away. Tbh I think I like this better than lethal company lol. And if you can get a full group, it's an absolute blast. It's worth the money and worth your time! Definitely gonna play this more when I can get a group together again!
Lethal Company, 5 000
:3
friggin tuff
if u wanna pee yourself laughing just go ahead and buy this already. might just be game of the year ong.
gud
c'est tellement golri un bon jeu entre pote
ww
its a cheap and fun game especially with friends or family.
lol lmfao lmfao lol lol rofl
ta gracioso
Q
Such a cuteee gameeeee! How is it less than 1gb? The interactions and voice proximity and the eye contact is so cuteee
coooooooook iyi laaaaaaaaaaaaan
10 10
w game funny
First time playing, played for 3 hours with the fellas. Super fun and not shitty like murky divers or other lethal company type games
Very fun with friends, a great game with a lot of potential and I'm excited to see what future updates bring to the game.
BEST GAME EVER!
bruch-
NAVI
yes fun with friends
too much bags 0 fixes
best game to kill your friend. I just shoved a mine activator right infront of my friend and killed all of us :thumbs_up:
friend killed me with grenade
10/10
SO. we got the monsters being a weird child who runs around throwing valuables at people, a massive brain guy who makes you float and then slams you down with gravity, a couple gnomes every now and again, umm oh and don't forget the DUCK. THAT IS EVIL
good shi, this game is easily multiplayer goty
4
game goated but wtf is the the fucking emoji zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
great game when high
Very fun game but only good with friends
-
I got to beat up a baby with a frying pan.
Ta bueno y divertido
stupid ass game
The quack quacks in not that friendly.
tignan mo itsura ko boi
Great with mates.
Feels like lethal company
Muito divertido
This game is obviously a passion project and made with a lot of love. There's a lot of polish and the actual gameplay is very refined.
However, it fails to establish a coherent identity or reason to play. It seems more like a cynical "4-player horror looter twitch bait" than the other offerings on the market.
It seems more like it was created to generate clips for youtubers than to be a proper game.
O jogo muito, quando adicionarem mais vai ficar ainda melhor.
k
10/10
Ich wurde von einem Fliegenden Kopf vollgekotzt. Dann hat er sich auf mich gesetzt und dann hab ich Leute vollgekotzt. ich liebe es 0/10
Voll Geil
Game good
its good but at the same time boring, if u want to play multi u need friends, u cant play with random player so meh.
Chorei de rir.
funny
-
lethal company
Blind guy hospital flick me in 0.5ms. Absolutely Cinema
lil robits against the horrors
2 10
PEAK
Geiles Spiel, vor allem wenn man mit jemandem spielt der absolut kein hat. 10/10
cause clienttimeout.
Super fun with friends, think like this type of game but
I really wanted to play something like lethal company because my son loved it and just so funny with the physics and silly things that can happen
Ta Weno
5
Ist ganz ok
Bro,this game is funnier and so goofy that I love it this games gets a 10/10
Lustiges Multiplayer-Erlebnis mit kleinem Namensproblem
Das Spiel ist mega funny und ich kann es definitiv empfehlen! Besonders in einer Gruppe von drei oder mehr Spielern entfaltet es erst sein volles Potenzial und macht richtig
Ein kleines Problem gibt es allerdings: Wenn jemand den gleichen Anzeigenamen hat wie du, scheint das Spiel damit nicht klarzukommen. Anscheinend nutzt es nicht den Steam-Account-Namen, sondern nur den frei Anzeigenamen, was zu Bugs
Fazit: Trotz dieses kleinen Mankos ist das Game auf jeden Fall sein Geld wert!
very good
Cool game but i can't play with my friend cuz he have high ping. Pleas do something :\
I waste my mooney
szpont
fun with friends and arguably better than lethal company. Love myvery silly and evil duck companion. do not touch him.
co-op horror and no matchmaking? What a joke. The game is good especially for playing with SOMEONE ELSE but not everyone has friends who are available when they want to play games. I have refunded it so far, if this game gets matchmaking in the future i will buy it again and change my review. Co-op horror games with no matchmaking are always cringe and a waste of money. Plus, for god's sake change that emoji to some nice picture which would actually represent your game. That emoji makes everyone think that this is just an another garbage game not even worth clicking on.
R.E.P.O taught me how to love again
TOP
I saw my friend run under a table just to get eaten up by a floating head.
Would laugh at them again!
Hola cualquiera q quiera jugar unase aca
dopracowana jak na fakt ze jest to wczesny mam nadzieje ze tej gry. Na ten moment nie
jogasso da porra
Bom
Eu bata eu
The Nun: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!
Friend: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!
Horrible stamina
Also Gnomes are the worst fucking enemies by far
when you start getting ready to leave the gnomes will just start rapidly spawning one after another draining your staming to 0 and making impossible to escape them
good
Average big item experience:
-1,721
-1,329
-2,405
-2,219
-1,527
I wasn't sold until I picked up my first hourglass. Then I bought 60 more copies and distributed them to kids with cancer.
imba
Lethal Company
Simplesmente, as melhores 11 hrs q tive jogando esse jogo, depois de jogar Lethal Company achei que teria outro jogo no mesmo estilo que pudesse me fazer rir pacas. bons, no ultra tava liso mesmo tendo um R5 4600G, jogabilidade facil de entender, agr n presenciei bugs (mesmo estando em beta).
Valeu cada centavo
great game, increase lobby size or else Im gonna tweak
10/10
really fun and dumb the muppet heads are so silly
feels like lethal company with none of the design decisions that make it work. no time limit means you can spend up to 20 minutes spectating your friends, which just isnt fun
?
lista de servidores, que no tengo amigos che
Gra jest super ale ten jebany skurwiel jak sie je to odrazu pdfem jestem i w pedofili sie zamienia ten skurwiel
12312312312
I've never trusted my cowardly friends less. 10/10 game.
funniest game i ever played
lethal company
Banging game, had a Great time with my buddy Corin playing this. I 100% recommend
j u e g a z o
yes
[h1] [/h1]
[b] [/b]
Kaybedenler biat edin!
bir oyun. Terk bir haritada toplayan Bunu yaparken canavar Bu canavarlara da bir :D
Tek problemi kendi sunucusunun
Very Good!
Si estas viendo esto y sos de argentina mandame soli que todos mis amigos son unos putos ratones de re mierda
Lethal company onde posso colocar meu amigo na privada. 10/10
jd
Juegardo
very good game
this game fire
EXTREMADAMENTE DIVERTIDO!
Yo y mis amigos dudosos a comprarlo ya que que no lo o que por nuestras malas pc no le iba a correr, pero luego de jugarlo puedo decir que este juego es divertido y genial para pasar el rato con amigos, incluso con pc de bajos recursos.Vale completamente la pena.
mega star
interessante.
dont lift the dinosaur on your own
dieses spiel ist mehr als funny
One of the best games ever made with the most iconic banner ever. 10/10
super duper
Si
Me espera menos de este juego, pero mis expectativas. Gran juego para jugar con amigos, muy liviano y muy bien optimizado. LA BESTIA CHAT!
10 10.
funny game.
-
C'est vraiment un super jeu, dans la meme trame que Lethal Company mais je dirais moins punitif (on peut se heal entre potes, se durant la partie et SURTOUT PAS DE TIMER !)
C'est vraiment super marrant plusieurs, pas mal de de montres et SURTOUT de maps, c'est ce qui un peu chez Lethal Company. Le point majeur du jeu est au niveau du transport des objets qui est vraiment top
A acheter sans si vous voulez vous tapez des barres avec vos potes
I love the loop with friends, and the TTS adds to the fun
Don't let the thumbnail/artwork fool you, the animations and general gameplay feels like 1000% better.
god
stupid baby
Fun game, never had this much fun since lethal company. would recommend
3h de jogo e ja farmei clips com amgs morrendo (literalmente) de rir
I really enjoy R.E.P.O because I love being hit by the cart by all my friends and then fed into every monster imaginable as 5 grenades are thrown in my direction and numerous chainsaws are pointed towards me until I die. I also love looking for loot and getting jump scared and instantly killed by an old blind guy with a rifle that has aimbot, and being chased by a massive head, while trying to escape a creepy mansion with gnomes trying to stab me and a random ass duck following me around.
El juego tiene mecanicas, bastante divertidas, y me a decir, que incluso unicas, jugar con los amigos, descubir cosas incluso hacer bromas, en si y desde mi opinion, se ha vuelto mi juego favorito, aun haber sido jugador de Lethal Company y Contain Warning.
Resumen: El juego 100/10
Ce jeu incroyable, je vous le conseille fortement.
Muy buen juego y divertido a la hora de jugar con amigos, por el momento no te aburris solo hay risas
bom
nice
[h2]Apenas compre e jogue. [/h2]
O jogo consegue pegar tudo de bom de Lethal Company e outros desses jogos de e acrescentar elementos importantes que eu nem sabia que faltavam, como a possibilidades de upgrades de personagens durante a run e a simples de ser furtivo e se esconder de inimigos embaixo de objetos. Apenas seus amigos e se arrepender
p.s GOOOOOIDAAAAA
L$D.
REPO>Lethal
peanut
zaje
10/10 y god
Que des lol
absolute cinema
your able to type whatever pleases you, so worth every penny. The game is pretty fun too. :)
Been playing it for 9 hours already, spent most of the time messing about in the lobby. 10/10 would fall in love with a potion again.
absolute cinema
10 10
10/10
10 3-4
todo es follable, buen juego
An extremely fun goofy game with plenty of laughs and the polish is really impressive given it's just come out. I would recommend anyone to play this with a bunch of chums!
very good and funny game (ignore the banner)
Uncensored text to speech. What this world needs
ta gra wisi mi 3 klucze do skrzynek w csie
im glazing I actually like this game more than lethal and its sooo fun alone and with friends
1
busco gente de argentina que juegue conmigo porque mis amigos son unas ratas de re que no aportan 5 dolares para jugar este juegazo, si lees esto jacobo pedazo de llevala toda
100/10
This game is amazing with friends and would love if they changed the banner because it has nothing to do with the game besides it being the tax man.
Either way, love the monsters and gameplay.
Can't wait for the game to get new maps or monsters if anything.
so flipping fun
232323
you should probably buy it soon before the sale ends, also this game is really good
Really appreciate how polished the launch is for this game. Optimised well. Has a solid amount of content and haven't experienced any bugs. There are a lot of nice touches that you'd expect in a 1.0 release, not a 0.1 release. Super fun gameplay with good physics, big variety of creatures which are pretty fun to deal with, and whilst the maps are a little samey you do start to get new rooms as you get to later stages, even on the same maps. Really great early access entry in this ever-growing subgenre.
This review will go into excruciating detail as to why I think this is the best lethal-like released in history. If you just want my opinion without my reasoning, here it is: Buy this game now. The price is good and the fun is worth it. You will surely not regret your time, even if you don't play it for long. Now onto my more detailed reasonings.
First point, the art direction, setting, and overall theme is good. Not really groundbreaking, and definitely treads similar ground, but stands out from the rest by a wider margin than most. You're a robot working for a mysterious figure known as the Tax Man (See the game icon), breaking into buildings and stealing everything not nailed down. The game runs really well and has a great stylized look that doesn't sacrifice in visual clarity.
Secondly, the gameplay loop. Unlike some others like Lethal Company, quotas are on a per-day basis You need to extract a set amount of loot before the day is up. You have a handy-dandy cart to assist you in bringing items around. Careful though, since you can damage items if they hit walls or other objects outside of the cart, resulting in losing the item or some of it's value. As you progress further, your daily quota will be split between more and more extraction sites. If you overfill one extraction site, you get a big money bag item to carry around your excess; just be sure not to spill any coins. Every loot item is a physical object in the world and cannot be stowed away in your inventory, meaning that you have to guard them. This can prove difficult when you're running away from a monster with heavy or fragile objects, or both (Those vases are barely worth the trouble).
Continuing, one huge difference between this and other games is a lack of any timer. You can stay as long as you want to complete objective. Even if you run out of items, you can kill enemies to get more money, and they will respawn, meaning until everyone is dead, you're never out of the game. Victory is always achievable. In addition, if you die, you can be revived mid-round. You drop your head if you die, and if your head is included in any given extraction, you'll be brought back to life on 1 hp. Other players can even give up some of their health to heal you, ensuring you don't just keel over and die the next time you stub your toe. These two systems ensure that you never feel like the game is hopeless, and you don't need to worry too much about being unable to play for too long, as it's likely someone will stumble across your head and bring you back in, especially if you're a valued teammate.
Some significant quality of life changes are made compared to some other titles. Firstly, flashlights are not items to take up an inventory slot. They are affixed to you at all times and never run out of charge, a welcome change. Items bought in the shop cannot be lost unless they are destroyed, such as a grenade. Other items return to your van if they are not recovered, meaning anything that isn't a consumable is a permanent investment. A large number of items work off of charge, allowing you to recharge them in the ship. You can buy energy crystals for this purpose, acting as a form of universal ammo. No matter how bad your teammate is, you can be rest assured that the weapon they wanted isn't a complete waste, as that weapon will always be around until you eventually lose.
Speaking of losing, a small note. When you lose, if you're not playing solo, you get to play a minigame where you and the rest of your team duke it out on a shrinking platform to earn the title "King of the Losers." The so proclaimed king gets a crown when returning to menu and keeps it if you go straight into another session, wearing it until a new king is crowned. Just a fun thing that lifts up the spirits after a loss and helps to create a really fun mood throughout where even loss is intrinsically rewarding.
I'll wrap up with a few criticisms, but first I'd like to acknowledge that most of my criticisms aren't about core aspects of the gameplay loop, but a lack of a feature or quality of life that would be very straightforward to implement. This meaning that what few gripes I have are likely not to last far into development, especially with how upfront, communicative, and ambitious the team seems to be. So here are my complaints. First, there's no way to kick or ban players from a lobby, meaning exploiters and griefers can only be handled by closing the match. There's also no way to force a lobby back to the team creation screen, meaning if you want to end a night early, you'd have to close the match and reinvite everyone manually. This lack of administrative tools will hopefully be addressed in the upcoming addition of public matchmaking. Lastly, there's no real source of information about enemies in-game. I believe there should be some compendium that players can access to learn more about enemies, that they unlock as some form of meta progression, teaching them more about the enemies that they may not have realized just by encountering them.
I cannot stress how fun this game actually is. The developers clearly put significant thought into the design process and streamlined fun. It's clear this game was made with the intent to be played, as opposed to being designed to be bought. Every facet of this game is so clearly orchestrated to maximize your enjoyment and fun that it feels like breathing fresh air after years of smelling sulphur. If any of the team behind this game are taking the time out of their day to read my review, I thank you sincerely for putting a game out for us that respects us enough to go to these lengths. This game is by no means overrated, and it has more than earned the success it has found.
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
4 5
repo
absoluter nobrainer. Instant Buy. Sehr geil!
Friends spend 10 minutes looking for other players. Finally accepted he is the last one standing. Proceed to burn himself to death. 10/10
Yes
6
10 10
Jeu et efficace.
lethal company but somehow even better
great game
i like it very cool
GOOD SHIT. Made me poop.
Good, but need more content!
so far my favorite game of 2025, also hear me out on the clown
(if this game gets constant updates it'll gen be one of my favorite games)
very chaotic
yes
Me and my sister are having a BLAST playing this game!
I want achievements! LOTS OF ACHIEVEMENTS!
My Friend Broke 12k worth of loot worth every penny
180 10 10.
very funny with a lot of friends
very
pra dentro
ROBOTS
giocare con gli amici molto divertente che giocare soli. vi consiglio di giocare con qualcuno prima di dire che brutto come gioco
Default volume setting in game is [b]75%[/b]
jogo com a mesma pegada de lethal company, que achei bem mais divertido, otimo pra juntar a galera e se divertir por horas, recomendo demais. falta colocar uma de personalizar os robozinho.
Achete
fun
i never had this much fun breaking things and seeing a big black masked man destroy all of us in a span of 1 minute :)
Quack.
a
insanely fun with friends
top
Game is awesome please more updates im bout to bust
10/10 game. I can give my friends explosive swirlies.
nigge (:
Jogo de macho alfa, eu nem joguei e nem Pc tenho pra jogar essa bomba deliciosa mas quando eu tiver eu vou matar todo mundo e zerar esse jogo em nanosegundos.
game apa iniiiiii
Keep up the good work
Its lethal company, but even better
lost my friends.
this game is lethal company if it was bad.
Great game with lots of personality but the smiling face logo dude is really cringey and you should change that
El juego tipo Lethal Company entretenido, superando a este en mi
Muy pulido y lleno de detalles, tiene muchos elementos que lo hacen muy divertido. Es un gran ejemplo de un juego hecho para el cooperativo pues sobre todo los personajes son la clave de que mole tanto y haga tanto La de llevar objetos con es o menos original y da lugar a situaciones bastante tensas combinado con los enemigos que son extremadamente peligrosos y algunos dan mal rollo de lo que
holy guacamole is this game fun
grab a few friends and sacrifice them for the sake of profit
-
-
-
10 10
WHAT A GAME
Amazing
public servers pls
oui
best game ever made i never laughed so hard in my life xD!
muito divertido, mesmo sendo um jogo que assusta bastante
caso alguem queira jogar so chamar kk
Peak
Ducky is the real one
I like it :)
jogo bom demais pra jogar com os amigos, extremamente e bem feito amei
big fun much laughter
Esse jogo mudou a minha vida de uma forma que eu consigo descrever completamente. Antes, eu pensava em ter ao meu lado, mas ao descobrir R.E.P.O., percebi que o que realmente buscava era uma pessoa, e sim este jogo, Eu me sinto em um relacionamento com este jogo, e, a cada dia que passa, percebo mais o quanto ele e especial.
As de correr e se jogar para ganhar um boost, e os upgrades do shop que podem transformar em apenas uma melhora no sprint para um double jump.
este jogo para mim tem nenhuma falha, sem exagero eu poderia falar que ele a de no mundo.
de ver os abrindo a boca com aquela carinha besta me faz sentir algo que sei explicar, como se fosse uma para continuar vivendo. Algo simples, que me traz uma alegria Meu novo passatempo correr das anomalias enquanto coloco
Este jogo se tornou parte da minha vida Vou recomendar para minha minha minha e todos que estiverem na minha frente, porque todos precisam ver algo que algum dia pode se tornar a melhor coisa ja inventada em todos os tempos.
obrigado criador de R.E.P.O. eu te amo.
bop
100 5-9
good
THIS GAME IS FUNNN
such a fun game it needs public multiplayer but other than that 100/10
best game ever, my cringe friends will not join, therefore its 10/10
needs more content to make it better its a mixture of leathal company item collecting and money goals to progress each level you run around in a location trying to get enough loot while avoiding monsters that try to hunt you down in their own way their isnt any public servers that i seen atm you need Friends to play this with or add randoms from the community in order to get a full lobby FYI this game is mostly Russian players so good luck finding people in your area Also they require you to have good internet connection and a good host with a good pc in order to avoid DC issues thought i should add that in here aswell Over all game is good but it gets boring Quite fast.
10/10
easy to play super fun and funny
yes.
ABSOLUTELY recommend! What a great game, AND you can have up to SIX of your friends join you! This game is fun, scary, mechanics are great! Comparing it to Lethal Company, I like this game a heck of a lot more, it's much more rewarding and fun, feels simpler but definitely has some twists as you go along to keep you struggle bussing!
The game is sooooooooo when you start seeing your friends falling apart lol + it's also scary to play alone
i hope the duck gets made into soup
I have played other games similar to this like lethal company. I have always enjoyed these types of games. I honestly like this better than lethal company. The only thing I would like to see in game is some sort of mod support but other than that its a fun horror game that's even more fun to play with friends.
Quem R.E.P.O?
Para o cego, a luz.
Para o faminto, o
Para o sedento, a fonte de viva.
Para o morto, a vida.
Para o enfermo, a cura.
Para o prisioneiro, a liberdade.
Para o o companheiro.
Para o viajante, o caminho.
Para o a sabedoria.
Para a medicina, o dos
Para o o advogado.
Para o advogado, o Juiz.
Para o Juiz, a
Para o cansado, o
Para o pedreiro, a pedra principal.
Para o jardineiro, a rosa de Sharon.
Para o triste, a alegria.
Para o leitor, a palavra.
Para o pobre, o tesouro.
Para o devedor, o
:3
This Game Cures Depression, Me and others Haven't laughed this Hard in a long time, I just wanted to say thank you. And THIS IS THE BEST GAME OF THE YEAR <3
not funny anymore
Nice game, very scary
lethal company but someone took a sledgehammer to my frontal lobe
Me y me 9.9/10
Como jugador profesional de juegos de terror con de 49 explorando los rincones oscuros de la industria, puedo afirmar sin temor a equivocarme que R.E.P.O no es solo un en el es una obra maestra del horror y la Desde Resident Evil hasta Amnesia he enfrentado todo tipo de pesadillas digitales, pero este juego logra algo que pocos consiguen: hacerte sentir vulnerable, insignificante y, al mismo tiempo, completamente cautivado por su mundo
I be molesting my friend ong fr good game
Its funny and real good to play with friends.
However there are a few things I'd love added, such as a monster book, so whenever you find on it goes in it. Cause I cant remember em all
Finally. A Semi-original idea game. Horror + physics + weird voicechats
Never trust the cute ones.
Sexo anaaaaaal.
Por lo juegazo si tienes amigos.
Yo no tengo y juego con mi esquizofrenia.
Pronto todo acabara,
yes
asdasd
joguei por 6 horas e foram as melhores 6 horas jogadas com amigos em toda minha vida
W Game, way better than Lethal Company.
The best extraction game
Yummy
Smii7y played it so good
Also duck. Duck makes chicken and fried chicken so sigma
sim.
I have NEVER laughed as hard as I have while playing this game with my brother. One of the best horror co-op games I have ever played!
Gra sama w sobie jest z najlepszych gier w gra ma ogromny i love you DEV TEAM R.E.PO
Des barres de rire, un concept la company avec un peu plus de fun
360
content lethal,
10/10
The alien is chill dw
jogo bom pra rir com os amigos. os deixam a desejar um pouco
Absolute cinema best orgasm of my lifetime
j'ai besoin de repos un peu
+
-
LOVE the game
si el sexo fuera tan bueno como este juego, probablemente tampoco tendria, pero que buen juego
game of the year
R.E.P.O.
10/10
10 10.
Sozinho ou com amigos, R.E.P.O o suco da Com amigos, gargalhada e grita a cada segundo, perfeito pra pra se distrair e tirar risada de uns feio e idiota. sozinho, prepara pro desespero e o medo porque tu sozinho com uns 5 bicho que te matam numa tacada Recomendo demais, jogarei muito.
nice so funny
R.E.P.O. -
-
- -
R.E.P.O.
ESSE JOGO ME RENDEU UM PUTA SUSTO E QUASE MORRI (recomendo)
public server im begging
The funniest scary co op game I have ever played! So much better than Lethal Company by a mile!
I can put my friends in the toilet and close the lid.
10/10
10 10
muito bom mesmo offline! muito assustador
fun
Big inbreed babies throwing scraps on me
11/10
would reccomend
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
11 10
Bibinos
Bought a baseball bat, kneecapped a monster, and watched as my ally executed the monster for its crimes.
In short, perfect physics based absurdity. The enemies are fun, moving items is challenging even with teammates, and the game can really be scary if you are caught off guard.
Best part, if your friends are being annoying, you can put them in air jail.
fun game, many ha ha, shitted in pants
Honestly, this game first turned me off as a Lethal Company player, when I saw the emoji, I didn't think much more until I saw gameplay.
This game is awesome! It's super fun to try and meta out the game, find new strategies and honestly just have fun with friends.
It's a pretty chill game and I honestly think it's way better than Lethal Company, but there are fixes that need to be brought. Obviously this game is only a few days old but the developers said they will be working on fixing issues.
careful spongebob
CAREFUL SPONGEBOB
CAREFUL SPONGEBOB!
6 - 4
10 10
totally recommend this only if your teammate has a brain that running on dial-up. Unfortunately, I had Yasser 'Corzel' 'Demonzel' a man with more aliases than IQ points. While I was out here stacking 10k gold mines like an investment banker, Yasser was busy speedrunning death like it was a world record attempt. In the end, it the enemies that beat was Yasser. It always was.
Lethal Company with physics, goated game
its REPO TIME
Mais um jogo lethal-like que inova na gameplay. tem como explicar esse jogo, mais um lethal-like muito bom)
This is an INSANEEEEEELY incredible game! Our group loves the extraction mechanics, the fun jumpy controls (i.e. launching into each other as candy-coloured capsules), and the surprising moments of reprieve (you have to play to see what I mean). And, then, there's many different little bits of polish that just makes a super fun, clean experience.
Please get rid of the *ing emoji
how to repo
step 1 : buy game ( or have a friend gift it to you)
step 2 make your friends get the game
step 3 CHAOS
step 4 get a valuble object
step 5 CRUSH IT
step 6 listen to your friends getting angry
step 7 go to the shop and kill everybody
step 8 DIE
step 9 repeat
10/10 game
I'm not your friend, buddy!
I'm not your buddy, guy!
very funny
brak trybu online a pisze na stronie jest multiplayer a nie jest napewno kupie kiedy multiplayer
JOGO MTO FODA pra jogar com os amigos, compra
obs: nunca pegue a porra do pato
10 10.
Lethal Company.
o goty nao tem jeito, jogar com amigos muito bom, espero que venha muito mais que o jogo bem promissor. CLICA NO P-A-T-O.
fui com meus amigos buscar umas paradinhas de valor no castelo de um mago do balacobaco e tomei um tiro de um velho cego. nota 10/10
never seen more cuter robots. absolute blast with friends
I mean this game is so sigma
(Lethal Company) 10 10
GOOD GAME TO THROW UR FRIEND INTO THE HARDEST MOB ON EAARTH, PROBABLY BEST COOP HORROR
i mean its aight
its just lethal but youre like guaranteed dead
less scary though
This game has potential, with a few bugs and criticism to fix in the future, either way I recommend especially with friends.
Bugs in question:
The blind man can currently shoot through doors, I found this out the hard way.
Blind man when he falls down stairs has a change to physics break, bounce around and slap into you, sending you flying.
The ghost can spawn camp your hiding spot if it saw you and you block the way to you, it will be stuck in loop. Beware, barricading with loot with line of sight) will backfire.
The spider can bug out on loose loot and get stuck in the cart, leading to ruined runs. This bug can occur if you leave the cart near doors accidentally in the AI path.
Only saw it once but the ghost went through a wall and killed a friend.
Marshmallow man can reach terminal velocity and launch somebody out a map if they are shoved into a corner enough.
Blind man can bug out and start rapid firing spinning in circles in random directions if spider keeps walking around him/into his path, he turns into blind AK47 man and it's terrifying to witness. If spider is around blind man, just don't go near at all. He nailed me out of pure luck when he was spinning and shot my hiding spot despite being still.
Criticisms:
Considering this game came out about a week ago as of the review, I can't be rough with it, considering it has had a solid launch and game-play loop, many games sadly all to common to fail at, it has had a solid starting run. But with all games, there is issues, the biggest of which so far is the audio.
There is lack of sound, or anything for MOST creatures, (when it does happen whooboy it's a butt clencher) it's very few and far between to suggest something near and many times with myself alone and with friends, at the moment, you constantly have to be on swivel being even the larger of enemies can just walk right into you, you cannot trust any blind corner and like me who is a coward) and wait for a while to see if the halls are clear. This has ended runs more than plain error or bugs, this sounds like the obvious "Well that's the point" but imagine, you are in a hall, being cautious, taking your time, then suddenly turning a corner in a hall is a ghost, you have avoided the other creatures but this one is now 6ft from your location and approaching rapidly, you try to run, but your stamina is so little you just accept death if there is no place to hide, hiding is futile as well, current mechanics have the creatures check your location, if you have no stamina, you are dead, stamina in this game is probably the most important thing to be stingy on using. Granted, there is a mechanic to buy upgrades, this issue gets resolved after a run or two, but still aggravating either way, it's not fun to be cautious and the cautious has little payout when many times turning a corner is a death sentence, this is not game breaking, but can be improved on.
The music as well needs to be changed a bit, I have had to completely turn it off being the ambiance was constantly playing conflicting audio with the game-play, granted, it's well done to be spooky, but when you are trying to listen in on enemy locations which is already hard to do, example, suddenly "chase music" turns on and you are on swivel for the said chase but nothing is happening, it breaks the moment many times to be just confusing, and eventually annoying. Games need ambiance yes, but this Needs to be tweaked a bit, this will help solve the above issue if possibly the music are more tied into enemies, at the moment, no, not from what me and my friends experimented.
The positives:
This game gives you a false sense of security, especially with friends.
Being alone in this game is a very lonely and ominous to be in or witness, in a sense, it's like you took Lethal Company and slapped Gmod into it, so having to actually come up with plans on hauling heavy objects is frustratingly fun.
Being alone entirely makes you reconsider life choices, you are very pitifully in the enemy's world and you have very little to combat them and must use your wits to stay alive, an unforgiving experience that makes it even more satisfying when you collect your rewards. It is better with friends being they can be sacrifi-uh-"Great means of acquiring enemy locations" when obtaining loot, it is terrifying when a talking party suddenly goes quiet, the monke within takes over and you shut up and hide as well as googly eyes watch in terror as a lumbering beast slowly walks by.
Overall, good game, needs polish, so far it's launch has been successful, I hope they continue to improve and make this game into something to take note of.
P.S. Don't anger the duck.
I enjoy flushing my teamate 10/10
ate agora joguei sozinho,pq nenhum amigo meu comprou o game mas o jogo e legal
honestly one of the most chaotic and fun horror extraction games iv played. would even say in a lot of cases its better then lethal company
This game is fucking awesome. TTS chat that actually works with proximity is absolutely amazing for someone with mutism like me but who still wants to enjoy the game to its fullest potential. The only thing I really wish for is a chatlog or maybe an easier to understand TTS, as the robotic voice is hard to understand sometimes and I often miss whats being said because the text is far off or off-screen
V fun haahhaahah def worth it!
solid, fun and charming game, very fun playing with friends and accidentally getting each other killed
but please for the love of god, change the game's banner/logo. the emoji really makes it look like the game is really low quality, when in reality it's not. at first i ignored the game due to the ugly emoji, and i'm very sure many others have done the same, it's actively harming the game
gg
An Absolute buy for anyone who enjoys games like Lethal Company, the voice chat is a blast with it muffling when hiding and the characters heads moving while talking. A TTS option for those without a mic is very useful and a blast to mess around with when hiding from a guy with a shotgun. Speaking of the guy with a shotgun the entities that are in this game are amazing with alot of wonderful designs between them (my absolute favourite being the duck it reminds me of Punishing bird from Lobotomy Corperation).
I have only minor gripes with the game and that's just the fact that the most deadly entities are also completely silent when walking (how is a massive suit or armour dragging a sword more quiet then a duck) and how there is no beasterary. I understand not having a list of the monsters but not knowing how to deal with them or having them one shot you and having no idea why is kind of annoying. I understand not having it but having some button on the main menu saying "Workplace hazards" and having a short description of a thing that can kill you would be fun with the hint/documentation of the entity showing up only after you have died to it.
Overall very fun would hold the hourglass that messes with your voice again.
yes this game is funny as i hope they add more things into it
what the fuck is happening
Oyun oynamak kaftan. bir korku veriyor bir gerilim. andada durumlara kahkaha
THE BEST GAME FOREVWAR 1337 1337
yes
delete lil mf on 4 legs and 0iq face from the game and it will be playable
um dos melhores jogos ja criados para jogar com os amigos. Recomendo demais, resenha pura
epic
lethal company if zeekers was not a furry
pues bastante bien el juego, sin dudas si se le pudiera poner mods, que seguro mas adelante aumentara la experiencia y rejugabilidad (espero que asi sea),es divertido, estresante, pero sobretodo es que te re cagas de risas con tus amigos, recomendadisimo
Most fun i have had in a while 10/10
Hell of a game
It is lauded as a paragon of immersive entertainment, masterfully crafted to cultivate an atmosphere of conviviality and intellectual engagement, rendering it an indispensable centerpiece for the most distinguished social gatherings.
10/10
This game is excellent for making hilarious clips very often.
Amazing if you have a bunch of friends or get a good rando team, HOWEVER the game still needs polishing to be more replayable. In short: there needs to be more interaction between objects that are present in-game. R.E.P.O is built upon physics, so why not add more fun by allowing the players to move chairs, tables, pillows, etc.?
It would also benefit from more monster and valuables variety but I am sure that is already in development.
genuinely a lot of fun! get it while its on sale :]
good game, zaebalsya sedet` pod stolom
we need
I am absolutely obsessed with this game if you like lethal company but looking for something different than most clone games i would recommend this for you. the only downside i have at the moment is that if you are not a pro with the game i don't recommend playing solo. but if you have friends online to play with it is a must.
6666
I saw blind joe biden with a shotgun do a 360 no scope on my friend.
Best fuckass game I've played in a while.
honestly the funniest game i have played in a long time. great game
[0/1] [0/2]
1.
2.
100.
Lethal company but scarier and funnier + way more refined and the monsters are a lot better
Please for the Love of anything Holy: ADD VR SUPPORT! XD
R.E.P.O. - :3
Flawless 10/10
8]
Muy divertido con amigos, de los mejores juegos que he probado
pretty funny
funny game mechanics and gameplay, sadly no public games tho
A stupid amount of fun for a game that just landed. Played a couple of hours last night with 3 friends and we all had a great time. I'll sum up:
PROS:
- Very polished for an Early Access release
- Interactivity options between players are really fun and engaging
- Unlike similar games you're actively encouraged to work together. Teamwork feels less optional, but also not restrictive
- There's something to laugh about all the way from the lobby menu to when you've all failed and died
- Really easy to pick up. Non-gamer friendly but rewards having a better grasp of what you're doing
- Zero connectivity issues, we were straight in there getting silly
- Lots of variety from the outset when it comes to level design and monsters
- CHEAP! Discounted for this much fun is an absolute steal
CONS:
- It's a bit janky. The physics, while fun, do feel like they drag a lot and can be irritating/unresponsive
- Movement is a bit sluggish and can feel a bit indecisive, like you're not always in control (and not in a funny way)
- The sense of difficulty the game presents feels largely driven by the above CONS. Not so much challenging as it is just a bit difficult to control
OVERALL:
Highly recommended if you have a solid group of pals to link up and be idiots with. I hope and pray this sees continued development because if this is how much fun it is right at the outset, surely it can only get even better. Super impressed. 8.5/10
10 10
absolute cinema
es como un lethal company pero con robots que hablan como robots 12/10
Bona merda amb amics!
Good game Best game to play with friend. <3
Tremendo juegazo que me recomendaron, me faltan mas amigos que quieran jugar esta bella obra de arte, lleno de desmadre con mas gente, risas y enojos con aventadas de madre jsjsjs, sinceramente recomendado para jugar en grupo y en
el mejor juego al 10 mil millones %
i love this game! even on my first session, already had tons of fun! really excited to explore the game and learn some more of its mechanics!
the emoji should be sealed in a vacuum chamber
Such a good game, but I have no one to play with :[
1.
2.
3.
nice, fun and good clone of Lethal Compay
Se puede decir la N palabra, 9/11
saw my friend get murked by 20 gnomes, very good
YEAH
N.E.G.R.O.
very fun game to play with friends
oyun
Perfect multiplayer horror game, especially if you enjoy cute/silly elements with your horror. All 6 hours I have in the game at time of review were played in one sitting lol, because it's that fun.
i got this as a gift from a great friend of mine well worth the try. sometimes can be scary but always a blast with 3 or more people.9/10
Goofy ah game 5 stars
leuke multiplayergame
Es un cago de risa!
I kind of wished that this game had better servers, because it seems like when I play with friends, there is lag and everything contained within the game is a bit delayed with how we play, but overall it is a great game. I just hope that in the near future, they could have some sort of server upgrade so you don't constantly have high ping.
soy el logo de android:)
honestly a more fun game lethal in my opinion. silly in the best ways. i don't like it's main icon face but it's still great
fun with friends.
I REALY LOVED THIS GAME i cant get bored of it at all XD but ngl its not good when you play it alone you need friends
ok well, at first glance i thought to myself. (Wow a lethal company rippoff) but holy hell was i wrong, not only is this game fun, but u do get some spooks while playing it, the ambiance is incredible good, its terrifying and its creepy. the monsters in this game looks goofy BUT, when they see u. he he lets just say that u wont think of them as goofy any longer, more creepy and Disturbing (In a good horror game way OFC). this game is all and all a 8.5/10
Graphics also look pretty good ngl.
This game is pretty good even if u decide to play on singleplayer but playing this with friends, makes it 100 times better
Recommended to play!
Add different voices for TTS, Each character using a different voice
Engine start
no problem
5 minut
tidin tidin tidin tidin
Problem engine kaput
10/10,
[b]Se Lethal Company abriu caminho, R.E.P.O. pavimentando uma nova estrada e que jogo
R.E.P.O. absurdamente viciante, com uma jogabilidade fluida e um loop de que prende do ao fim. A um dos pontos mais impressionantes, funcionando de forma e trazendo uma detalhada com o ambiente.
Os inimigos e, embora seja superar as criaturas de [i]Lethal Company[/i], o jogo consegue entregar designs originais e A densa e imersiva, te deixando sempre em alerta, enquanto o sistema de upgrades um show parte [b]dica: priorize stamina e faz muita
Os simples, mas bonitos, e o melhor de tudo: [b] roda liso em um micro-ondas[/b]. O sistema de furtividade (stealth) extremamente evidente o carinho dos desenvolvedores em cada detalhe, desde a interface dos menus a tela de loading. Considerando que estamos no [b]early access v0.1.2[/b], o de polimento impressiona.
A essa altura, parece injusto comparar diretamente com [i]Lethal Company[/i]. Apesar da clara, [b] R.E.P.O. inova em aspectos e se destaca como uma [/b] o jogo cooperativo de terror onde um androide que, de sobreviver, precisa ter cuidado para quebrar nada!
Alguns inimigos [b]silenciosos demais[/b], e ser pego de surpresa por uma flutuante depois de horas de campanha pode ser frustrante. Mas, sinceramente? Isso me motiva a ficar ainda mais atento na tentativa.
verdade que, em algum momento, a pode aparecer mas depois de [b]8 horas seguidas[/b] jogando com minha namorada e ainda sem conseguir passar do 4, [b]tudo o que eu quero continuar jogando![/b]
[b]Mal posso esperar pelas esse aqui tem cara de game do ano![/b]
alright repo gang, if we're gonna take out the baby we gotta work together. red you go left, blue you take the right. orange you know what to do and green. you uhh. you just be green.
just then and only then, i realized that it wasn't about the money, repo. it really was the friends we made along the way.
good but repetitive
This is no doubt one of the best multiplayer experiences ever made. If you have friends do these guys some justice. Buy all of them a copy and make these developers rich. B]
leuk
Agalarla en iyi oyun
It's worth buying and playing with friends! Please add an indication on the monitor to show whether your teammates are still alive after the extraction.
Great game! One of my favorite parts has to be the text-to-speech feature. So much laughter was going on in the lobby and a lot of focus on carrying the big items.
Oh, and you should probably stay away from the do-not-open box.
Looking forward to what's next for this game!
ITS FUN, SCARY, AND HILARIOUS TO PLAY WITH YOUR FRIENDS!
;D
Fantastic little game, im so excited for any updates it gets!
This game is just so good glad TikTok algorithm is a thing
we spent 15 minutes moving piano (worth 37k) to the point only to drop its value to 8k
I love it! Most fun i ever had in horror game.
Scary!
This game is much more than just basic "run in and out"
GOTY!
i got creamed on for breaking a vase.
Extremely fun, unique take on games akin to lethal company. Great mechanics and had a fantastic time with what I played.
Please remove the emoji.
Please remove the emoji.
Please remove the emoji.
Please remove the emoji.
Please remove the emoji.
in other game im the best player among my friend but in this game i ruin and destroy everything, all i do is just running around looking at my friend working
spel roligt som faaann det :) stark rekomendera spela med kompisar :)
evil eend
gg
11 10.
It's pretty crazy how much physics changes a game, this is wayyyyy better than lethal company. More fun, More entertaining, More teamwork and more strategy. Reccoment 100%
i think this game is bad cuz there`s not online mode. like who am i supposed to play with? none of my friends have this game? like that, i like the game, but please add online mode and the game you`re based off lethal company has online mode so i can play with other people that`s how i made most of my friends on steam
yes
fun
with a frying pan I smacked a monster down the stairs like grandma
Mecanik
I haven't had this much fun in a LONG time. With 5 other players + yourself can make this game beyond enjoyable alongside the use of the chaotic TTS. I'm not one for extraction horror genres, but this sold me.
I would highly recommend streaming this game somewhere so you can save clips to look at later to laugh at, especially from other POVs!
-
Do not let the cringe emoji blind you, this game is hilarious and really fun.
"He took it"
Honestly the best I've ever spent, I've just laughed more in the last 24 hours than the last 3 years, the best multiplayer co-op horror game on the market right now and I wish the developers the best of luck
best party game I've played in a while.
VERY YES LIKE SUPER FUCKING YEA
I enjoy this more than Lethal Company. Better respawn mechanics, and the work feels more like work
I seen my friend getting bombed by small kamikaze while he was getting shot by some old ass guy with a shotgun 10/10
I got flushed
its fun
PEAK IT'S PEAK
No invert mouse option.
it's fun, but could do with a few changes to how weapons work and maybe the addition of a timer and further balance changes to make things more challenging. It currently feels quite easy (though fun).
I also recognize it's very early days, but I feel like I've already experienced most things the game's got to offer. I'm hoping to experience more new things in-game in the future though. I very much enjoy the item damage system.
fun game
absolutely amazing to play! definitely love hitting my friend with items on the back of the head! XD
shits and giggles 10/10
get frustration out 10/10
highly recommend for a great time of messing around!
I launched myself into a woman and I instantly exploded 10/10
Marmok iu iu iu iu
Really good game! Played a few hours of it so far, intending to play more. Like Lethal Company but much more well-polished; feels very competent. It's like a Scooby Doo furniture removal game and the concept is remarkably fun.
What impresses me most is the tightness of the physics; physics-based games are almost always prone to nasty glitches and bugs and so far I don't think we've seen any. Great work.
I also really appreciate that there's a lot of really nice attention to detail. For example, in the game lobby, it shows you all the players in the lobby and also provides you with a slider for each player so you can change their VOIP volume. Amazing, shown to you right up front, no need to go looking. Plus, you can continue using VOIP during loading screens- I know that sounds like a tiny thing, but it feels so good after playing a lot of Lethal Company and having to go "Sorry what was that? You got cut off" 8 times a session. The game is full of little features like that that just make the experience really smooth (plus, for bonus points, everyone in the lobby had perfect VOIP volume by default. I've never played a VOIP game where I didn't have to crank up the volume on one or two quiet friends).
The presentation is also super slick, and so far I'm really happy with the level of monster variety. Gameplay loop is great.
After a few hours, I only really have a couple of things I would change, but one of those things is really important. Last night we were playing a level on I think day 4 and we broke two big loot items. We had no way of realising it at the time, but we'd just softlocked ourselves- there was no longer enough loot on the level for us to complete it. Now that's totally fine on it's own, it's great that you can fail by just being incompetent at moving furniture. The problem is, you have no indication that the level is now impossible. So eventually, everyone else in the lobby died and I was left alone wandering around the level for what felt like at least half an hour, scouring every corner for loot, while the rest of the lobby just had to sit and watch me. This is really really bad. Eventually I realized that yes, the level really was impossible, and finally a monster got me. But It did sour the experience for all of us- not because we failed, but because it can take a long time for you to realise that you've failed, and the momentum totally goes out of the session. We stopped immediately afterwards.
The correlation of this is that now, whenever we play the game, if we break large loot items, we'll have to have a discussion about whether it's worth it to even continue, or if we'll just be wasting our time trying to complete an unwinnable level. It turns a fun, tight gameplay loop into awkward metagaming that just feels so antithetical to the vibe, especially in light of the rest of the game's genuinely really good design. And there's tons of options to fix it; for example, maybe put a timer on each level, or at least a timer on each extraction point. Again, the problem is not that levels can become impossible, the problem is that it can take you half an hour to discover that the level has become impossible. Another method would be for your boss to scold you and demand that you return to the truck immediately once there's not enough loot left to finish the level, and then maybe you do a little minigame (like the end-game minigame) where you just get dropped in a pit full of gnomes and you have to gather a certain amount of loot from the pit (commensurate to the remaining loot you were missing from the previous level) to keep playing. You could also just kill all the players instantly if there's not enough loot left, even that would be acceptable. Just anything, please, anything other than all my friends having to watch me wander the maze for half an hour singing Billy Joel songs and killing gnomes.
Also the stamina is maybe a bit too brutal :). The maps are really big and I get that you need to incentivize buying the stamina upgrades but faster stam regen/more starting stamina would be a balance improvement, I think.
ALSO ALSO: Everyone else has already said it but _please do change the shop banner_. I was super reluctant to buy this game because the banner genuinely makes it look like ripoff slop. Genuinely we were all going to buy this game a week earlier but I saw the banner and decided to buy Headliners instead. Eventually a friend persuaded me to buy REPO and it's actually the better of the two games, but marketing matters!
W
totally worth steam thinking im committing fraud because of too many purchase attempts to gift this game to 6+ friends within a 3 minute window LMAO. but absolutely hilarious with friends and would recommend