Did you like Lingo, the game I consider the Greatest Puzzle Game of All Time?   Well, this is more of that, but bigger, better, and with more than one song in the soundtrack.  https://youtu.be/KOH8lmzLB3k
Simply put, I love this game. It's such a massive level up from what Lingo 1 could do, and I love that. In Lingo 1, you had mechanics represented by colors and heights. That was fine, but some of the heights of said colors felt... unusable, really. Yet, when a color didn't have a height, the community immediately tried to invent one for it, leading to mechanic bloat. Especially considering the recent influx of custom colors (i would know, i've made four of them) and all of THEIR heights. I have no doubt something similar will happen in Lingo 2, but it feels like bliss with the new symbol system. Each symbol only has ONE MECHANIC, whereas almost every color in lingo would have THREE. Despite there being more basegame L2 symbols than basegame L1 colors, there are still so many unsatisfactory mechanics that didn't get ported over, and even some new mechanics that I don't even think any color in Lingo 1 has. Now, for the thing that there seems to be some contention about: the keyboard hunt. I personally really love this feature. It provides some needed spice and a sense of progression to the game that the closest example to this beast of a map, Lingo 1 Level 2, didn't have. In fact, Level 2 felt like I was wandering around aimlessly. When I got stuck on a puzzle, I would leave it and forget I had it. With the new keyboard hunting goal, that still happens, but I'm much more inclined to return to an area if I know there's something there. If I know what the answer to a seemingly important panel is, I can know what my next goal is. If a panel's answer were OVERLY and I only had OERLY, I'd immediately know that I need to find V to solve it, and then I'd start working towards V. This has happened multiple times in the game, and I have no issue whatsoever with it. Also, the Hinterlands are an amazing addition to this game. I wouldn't want to wander around aimlessly trying to find things like I did in Lingo 1, and the Hinterlands provide an amazing solution by telling me where I can and can't go to find letters at the moment. Overall, an excellent game. I highly recommend it. The Steam "recommended" text is such an understatement here.
花了足足50多个小时达成了《Lingo 2》的全收集全成就，玩的还是很开心的。这个游戏简单来说就是“猜单词+猜规则”的机制，可以算是类见证者结合类puzzlehunt谜题的游戏。总体来说，体验上相比于一代是“[b]强化了精华，但也强化了糟粕[/b]”的感受。[b]推荐玩家类型：擅长并喜欢探索，且喜欢类puzzlehunt谜题的玩家[/b]。其他喜欢解谜类的玩家也可以尝试一下，晕3D玩家与路痴谨慎购买。 下面简单总结一下优缺点（优点为+开头，+数量表示个人向的优点程度分，缺点为-开头，-数量表示个人向的缺点程度分） +++ 规则更加具象化。二代将一代的高度+颜色决定规则的模式修改成了更具体的符号规则，更直观且更好理解。 +++ 新增的字母收集要求极大的增加了游戏的目标感。一代就因为目标太模糊导致玩起来比较难受，二代通过收集字母这一主线，驱动玩家进一步探索地图，大大优化了玩家的探索体验。 + 可探索内容大幅度增加。对于探索性玩家来说，这一代能摸索的内容实在是丰富，而且每个小区域都有新鲜感，但可能有点太多了会导致探索起来会比较累，尤其是重复跑图。 - 新增的字母收集要求产生了大量重复跑图流程。由于游戏需要收集字母，因此前期有些题目是做不了的，必须后期集齐相应的字母才能回来补上答案，因此不可避免地增加了重复跑图流程，拖慢了节奏。 -- 答题自由度很低，很多题目必须对上作者脑洞才算对。这是一代就有的毛病了，二代延续了这个问题，好在可以通过游戏内的机制并结合一些puzzlehunt工具来穷举，没一代那么痛苦了。 --- 极其糟糕的地图设计。与一代一样，二代的地图特色依然是无缝传送，这导致探索难度大幅度上涨，一不留神就会迷失在地图中。本来以为二代会减少这种设计，没想到二代反而变本加厉了，再加上一些强制重复跑图的设计，极大的加重了探图的负面感受。
设计水平相比于一代而言有了非常明显的进步，像是学习到了很多社区图的思路，内容很丰富，体验也提升了很多
SPOILER WARNING FOR BOTH LINGO 1 AND 2   Conflicted on this one for a multitude of reasons- Lingo 2, as a sequel should, tries new things to its benefit and detriment (obviously). At times it feels like it fails more than it succeeds, but when Lingo 2 succeeds, it's pretty damn good. When we starting comparing it to Lingo 1, however, I find that Lingo 2 is... less unique. The metroidvania aspects, combined with a new rendition on the labyrinth-style, non-euclidean map make for what feel like a watered down version of what made Lingo 1 so special, with the word mechanics- while having new and, many times, genuinely really fun and interesting modifiers, feels like there's less "there", despite technically being larger than both Level 1 and Level 2 of Lingo. I 100%'d Lingo 2 in 40 hours. I only did Level 1 of Lingo 1, before dropping it at Level 2 which took 10 hours. Yet somehow, Lingo 1 still felt more dense and consistently interesting- a result of how it paced tutorialization of block positions/colorings/etc.  Obviously, some of this is attributable to the fact that Lingo 2 is a sequel, so of course the main conceit won't be as fresh. But the counterpart to Lingo 2's overworld, Daedalus, I think, proves that it's something more ingrained within how Lingo 2 has chosen to pace itself. It's not particularly clear, for one, when exactly you're supposed to enter it. I think you're supposed to go over it using the pyramid, but apparently some people say that's not intended. The garden to read the pyramid itself is also something that I'm genuinely unsure when I unlocked. A problem which multiplies tenfold in Daed itself, where you have no clue to what end you're doing anything, and everything is everywhere but you can't find anything. The only thing I genuinely remember from Daed is what's immediately out of the colored hallways, and almost nothing else- especially since later on you unlock a staircase which allows you to ceiling hop and literally ignore a good portion of the word puzzles for shortcuts. All of this seems to be further reinforced by it's multiple endings. Lingo 2 is a lot more focused on collectibles, in endings, smiley-faces, letters, and teal letters. But with so many layers of collectibles, there is a lack of focus that should accompany these layers. No indicators or hints for the different endings, vastly different pacings between endings, lack of clarity between if a loose thread you're chasing is a smiley, or an ending, or what. The secrets themselves are interesting, and many times engaging, but there is no consistency. Take Animal Well, where eggs were clearly hidden behind chests, and [REDACTED] were much much more out of the way, it's apparent that the difficulty levels behind a challenge helped indicate what "level of secret/collectible" you were finding. In Lingo 2? You might randomly stumble upon a room that has a few themed challenges that lead to an ending, or 1/4ths of an collectible, or unlocks a shortcut. Daedelus is huge, and cramped, and not a lot of it is actually memorable as a map, except for the individual landmarks themselves. You have no clue what kind of thread you're chasing, and it might underwhelm if you find yourself looking for something specific. This becomes especially a problem when you consider not everyone is going to finish the game with the same progression- where some may find themselves just wanting one ending, all the endings, and maybe just not wanting the collectibles, it gets frustrating not knowing to what end you're doing anything. But, on the other hand. I kind of like the merely vague understanding of what you're doing. Finding a thread and chasing it, especially done through the iffy-ish, sometimes obtuse hints in Hinterland, or as a tangent from looking for a specific letter, *can* be really fun. And certain threads in this game are genuinely outstanding to find when you do, and some of its ideas *do* work really well. The abrasiveness and lack of consistency in many of its puzzles *do* suck, much more than Lingo 1, but when you get to a noteworthy puzzle, I really enjoy going "Wait, that *was* pretty clever". In the best ways, Lingo 2 feels really human. If you're able to put up with some bullshit and abrasiveness in puzzle and level design, and can tolerate more than one actual full-on maze to see some really creative and interesting shit, I do recommend Lingo 2.
I was skeptical when i played the demo but the actual game is great. Like its predecessor, it just keeps going when you think you learned it all. It perfectly makes you go insane all over again
Lingo 2 might be billed as the sequel to another game, but hear me out: it is a distinct experience that I think anyone can enjoy, whether you've played the original game for 1000 hours or you've never heard of it before seeing this page. Brenton Wildes has outdone himself on this one. Lingo 2 is bigger. Its world is more complex and beautiful; the endless white hallways are gone, but there's still so much to find. And while the the puzzles are still word puzzles of course, they're completely new and an experienced Lingo player will still have a lot to learn. The soundtrack by Icely gives the game such a mysterious aura and some of the tracks are absolute bops. The coolest thing about Lingo 2 is that it's somehow a Metroidvania; you literally get to traverse a big open world while collecting powerups that incrementally allow you to progress more. This gives it such a different feel from the original game. And that's not even mentioning the other new mechanics and the plethora of secrets, which you'll have to play the game to discover! So with all that said, I highly recommend playing Lingo 2 for yourself. WELCOME BACK!
极强！较前作有着更加丰富的wordplay机制，地图探索引导和路线细节设计。对个人有加分的一个亮点是没有了lingo1的滑脚跑酷设计，在后期跑图时体感非常舒服。
If you think about it, Lingo 2 is like a fish. It cannot contact you via phone or email, in the sense that a ferret should not be contained in a wet cardboard box. Classical physicists still ponder the geological implications of raising exactly two and a half fingers. Vaguely recalling the middle name of your second most recent flight attendant, however, might raise ethical concerns from your orthodontist. Talk to a doctor (who has no more than 3 years of experience) about the invention of the solenoid tomorrow; your mental image of unseasoned popcorn will thank you.  That being said, I very much enjoyed Lingo 1, and found Lingo 2 to be a very entertaining and artful sequel. It feels properly expansive, with unique and in-depth progression design that can be appreciated by anyone. Many of its word puzzles and word-unaffiliated puzzles alike are intriguing and satisfying. Keep in mind that everything necessary to complete the game is taught within itself, so don't go looking up much. Whether you played either Lingo game yet or not, I highly recommend checking out either!
I was originally worried that removing the height/color mechanics that defined the gameplay of the first Lingo would make the sequel less enjoyable, or not give it enough room for creative and clever puzzles. I’m very happy to say that is not the case.   The new symbol-based mechanics are a lot of fun to learn and put together, and the new metroidvania aspect of having to actually find the letters before you can use them also is implemented really well. It makes backtracking feel a lot more rewarding once you come across a puzzle you can now solve that you previously weren’t able to.  There have been a handful of puzzles scattered around that I couldn’t see the logic in, even when I completely understood what the symbols were asking for. Perhaps I just am not thinking outside of the box enough - that was practically a requirement to progress in the first Lingo and it still very much asks that of you here.
Lingo is one of the greatest puzzle games ever made. Lingo 2 is better and achieves the incredible feat of being a faithful sequel while also resetting 90% of player knowledge, allowing new players to approach it.  Both Lingo games are rules-based puzzlers with opaque rules. The main puzzle is figuring out the rules so that you can do the little puzzles. The world itself is also something that you must learn. It is full of portals, shortcuts, and things to return to. Prepare to be baffled, then experience a flash of understanding, only to be lost again a moment later.  Rule number one: Don't forget to smile.
Every single time I thought I was nearing completion of this game, a brand new bomb dropped completely reshaping my understanding of everything I had once thought I had known.
One of the best games I've ever played. And Icely, your soundtrack brings it together so well, forming a phenomenal experience far surpassing its predecessor.
Imagine if a really tricky crossword puzzle was an open world game where you had to slowly collect letters to use. It's a ton of fun and discovering all the secrets makes you feel like a genius. I played it along with a few friends and being able to exchange theories, clues, and answers with each other made the game even more fun. It just keeps going. I have no idea how much more content I have left and I couldn't be more happy about that.  One tip: Don't be afraid to use the hinterlands if you get stuck, they were put in the game for a reason and the least fun part of this game is wandering around aimlessly looking for more letters.
Extremely good word puzzle game. Loved the first, and love the second even more. Both games have seperate rulesets so you can go straight into Lingo 2 if you don't feel like playing two games in a row. Really good depth, great mechanic reveals, nice music. Great game.
I love this game, it was so well done and builds off what the previous one did without being the same.
Hands down the most enjoyable game I've picked up lately. Definitely more straightforward than Lingo 1 in terms of progression but it's still just as puzzling as always. You feel like you understand the symbols and then you stumble upon 2 new symbols, 3 new areas, and an entire new game mechanic. At some points it feels like the game just never ends, but that just makes hunting down that 100% completion all the more satisfying. 100% recommend to anyone who likes games that make you think.
Is this a rule-discovery puzzle game? A metroidvania? An open world of perpetual psychological torment that will make you crave for the familiarity of euclidian spaces, minimaps, and objective markers? Why, all of the above! There are a handful of rough edges that make some puzzles feel like "guess what I'm thinking," but the game tries its best at guiding you to the intended solutions. So if you like word puzzles and have a decent grasp on the English language, then this game could be really fun for you. [h2]Welcome Back![/h2] This is technically a sequel, but you do not need to have played the first game to enjoy this one. Nor will playing the first one ruin the rule-discovery experience of the second one, as the mechanics are both altered and there are new ones not present in the first game. So gameplay-wise you're still going to experience everything the way it was intended...  ...which is to say, your experience will likely be unique to you. This is a very open-ended game, and where and when you go is entirely up to your unlocks and your understanding of the puzzle rules. There are a few bottlenecks along the journey, but for the most part the map is a spiderweb of choices, which is both great — since you're truly exploring at your own pace and direction — but at the same time it makes it incredibly easy to forget about something you didn't check out, or to think that you can't solve a puzzle with what you already know (even if you can). This means on top of your regular "Come Back Later" moments, there are also "Come Back Sooner" moments, which can be incredibly annoying if you don't have anyone to set you on the right path. [h2]There is always More...[/h2] This game is extremely expansive. While some of my playtime was helping out others with hints, it took me well over 40 hours to reach the credits, and there was still 10+ hours of bonus content to do after that. Similarly to the first game, Lingo ◎  just keeps going and going and going. And it might get even bigger with future updates, which is mad. And yet it does a very good job at spreading the wealth of content it has. There are multiple hubs you can use as fast travel/shortcuts between destinations, and plenty of isolated areas for teaching mechanics or testing your expertise and diligence.  This does come at a cost though. Constantly switching between different levels introduces loading screens between them, which in turn disturb the smooth non-euclidian experience of moving through a tunnel and it not coming out where you'd except. That experience is still there, just occasionally put on hold. I did get used to it pretty quickly, but it was a nuisance in the early-game, especially when I first got stuck and was running around from loading zone to loading zone trying to figure out what I forgot about. [h2]Some Rough Edges[/h2] I enjoyed this game a ton. 50 hours in a week speak for themselves. But it is not without flaws. The first major one are the puzzles. As they get more complex they also get more ambiguous. I don't want to spoil mechanics, but most puzzles are either quick to solve, or trying to guess what the puzzlemaker wanted the solution to be. Sometimes it's you just not seeing the obvious answer, sometimes it's an obscure English word you never heard of before. A good amount of puzzles will have an "Ah-Ha!" moment to them, but you'll remember the ones you struggled to solve despite having a solution that feels perfectly viable. The areas the puzzles are in try their best to remedy that with themes and patterns, but there is only so much that can be done.  The second major one is the map design. Daedalus specifically. You will spend a good chunk of your mid-to-late-game in that area, and my gosh is it frustrating to navigate. It is extremely dense, often enclosed, large walls, and a lot of non-euclidian shenanigans. Furthermore a lot of areas are only enterable from one direction, and only open up after solving some puzzle(s). With so much around it's hard to make a reasonable "map" of the area before it opens up, which means it's extremely cumbersome to try and get to some place if you don 't remember the exact directions. There are some very recognizable tall structures, but you can't use them for orientation or navigation. And most of what is there hits an unfortunately inconvenient balance between being extremely familiar due to the similarities, and unmemorizably unique because of how much variety there is. I rolled credits before I learned to navigate these winding halls, despite spending most of my time in them.  Finally, a minor complaint that is more inconvenient than inconsistent or incoherent. Throughout the game most rooms will require you to solve every single puzzle, or a very specific puzzle to open the way forward. I think it works well with the design of the game, but I definitely found myself often wishing it wasn't the case when I was 1-3 panels away from solving everything in an area.  There are actually not that many cicadas⍣ in the game, so that's great to see. Some small camera jitters near walls and sillier stuff that has little effect on the game. Very smooth experience from the gameplay perspective, which I think is important to say. [h2]And Some Brilliant Puzzles[/h2] I will not be speaking at length on this because I do not want to spoil stuff, but the puzzles are amazing through and through. Yes, frustrating at times, but still phenomenal. Especially once you get into the end-games where the mechanics really kick into gear.  And there is future potential as well! If the game keeps getting updated it can very easily get new mechanics, both simple and complex. I think there is still a lot of hidden potential to be had in the game Ø. But to avoid indirect spoilers, I'll move on to wrapping it up. [h2]The End[/h2] Overall I highly recommend the game. But more than just the game, I recommend joining the game's Discord. There is a lot of helpful people there that will give you a nudge into the right direction whenever you don't know how to proceed. It's perfectly fine to ask for a hint or a hint☀︎ when stuck, and I think this will help you avoid most of the frustrations the game can cause.
The sequel to the best puzzle game ever is now the best puzzle game ever. 10/10 please try this out.
psycho genius game  a worthy successor to lingo 1 and imo better in almost every way  beyond a steal at full price, don't hesitate if you like word puzzles and clever level design 
Lingo series is still shockingly underrated so I thought I might as well put an extra positive review in here for the algorithm. Lingo 1 was a pretty fantastic puzzle game, nearly one of the best I've ever played, and the sequel simply makes it better. I put in 12 hours on day 1 so yeah I would have to say I give this game a strong recommendation
It's like an infinite english test mixed with nonsensical liminal spaces, top notch rule discovery, insane exploration and some of the best environmental puzzles ever made, revolving around knowledge of the entire map, requiring you to remember every spot you cross. This might sound intimidating but the game is designed in the best possible way to make you remember the most important details. It focuses specific memorable keywords to areas that directly remind you of them when necessary, which makes the world extremely interconnected and vivid.  Also if you get the chance, play this game with friends! It makes the experience way more manageable since you don't get stuck into every other puzzle. Two minds are better than one, but still, even a 5 people VC is bound to be stuck into that little word nobody knows. It's the best part really!  Get it if you want to test your english knowledge and spacial awareness and memory lmao, perfect 10/10, one of if not the best puzzle game I've ever seen.
It's like Lingo 1, but far, far more focused on riddles instead of simply learning the rules of wordplay, so if you like piecing together abstract clues in the world to find greater meaning, there's a lot of fun to be had here.  However, unlike Lingo 1, the beginning of this game is very harsh and very linear, which can be off-putting, as you will very often need to find ONE thing in ONE area to make any meaningful progress (for example, I'm currently blocked by one thing and I have no idea where it is, which has me desperately running around the entire map searching for it). Because of this, I would recommend playing Lingo 1 first. It's a lot more open at the start, and both of its levels are a good primer for the challenges this throws at you.
It's more lingo, just bigger and better, amazing puzzles so far. Big recommend even if you didn't play the first game in the series (you should anyway)
I don't know why I keep buying and playing Lingo when I know I'll just feel bad about it. Lingo 2 suffers from the same problems as Lingo 1. Back in 2023 when I played Lingo, I just shrugged it off as a bloated game. Coming back with Lingo 2, I understood what I felt a bit better.  The Witness is a very quiet game. All the colors were muted versions of themselves, no music, and sound effects took backseat to the ambience of the island. When harsh noises or bright neon colors were used, it was very deliberate and purposeful. This quietness brings about a sense of mindfulness; you had space to reason about the puzzles, but you also had a space outside of the puzzle, wandering around the island, looking back on what you have learned so far, what are the things still unsure about and to reflect on them.  Lingo was made to be very busy. Environments as well as the transitions between them are unpredictable. The game changes landscape constantly, one second you are in the insides of a tree, the next you are moving through a marbled garden, now you are in an black empty void. Every hallway, door, corner is unexpected, the world changes on inputs that are not revealed to you. There's also no delineation between a puzzle that is not yet solvable versus one that needs your utmost attention for knowledge right now and generally it is designed to lose you in its many mazes (seriously so many mazes).  It is really frustrating to play. I would get into a room, see the obvious panels that are tangentially relevant to the area, but then accidentally pass through a door that leads me to a weird temple with pillars. If I try to return through the door, I get spat out into a different area, needing to double back to the room I was in initially. Another hiccup in this sequel particularly, you have a lot of blocked panels for not having the required letter to solve it. Very annoying to think you just discovered some place cool, only to see everything with access-denied red over it, being told to go back and that you are not ready for this place yet. It's also very annoying to check every single area once more to see if a door opened, because as you solve puzzles and gather new letters, randomly new areas just open up and you just have to know to do a for loop through the halls.  There's just no time to ponder and reflect. You are busy looking at environmental clues on the ground, on the walls, when you still have panels and puzzles lingering in your head. You are wandering around, walking into walls, getting back to this certain room to revisit a panel, so you need to spend the mental energy just to even move from here to there. Going into this door, where does this one lead? You have been here before, go back through the same door, you are somewhere else now.  You are taking screenshots, pen to paper, running around, panels to doors to hallways to rooms to puzzles to areas to panels. It's all a bit too much.  Do I think Lingo needs to be like Ultrakill's 1-S, a series of puzzles panels placed in connecting rooms? Of course not, we celebrate Lingo exactly because it is abrasive and chaotic. Being so unruly and experimental, I am genuinely surprised by the ideas in the game from time to time, some really cool ideas here. But it desperately needs quality of life or accessibility, going through the same surprises 50 more times just gets tedious and annoying fast. In Antichamber, you could just teleport to places you are investigating in the pause menu, no need to unlock it through puzzles or to move through a dozen hallways, why not here? I would have loved it if we had more tools to overcome the overwhelming nature of this game. 
it's a lot like lingo, but with a space and then the number 2 at the end
Lingo 2 breaks all boundaries put in place by its predecessor, and in only fantastic ways. It has expansive navigation challenges and tiny huts for a couple of neat, simple puzzles, and everything up, down, and in between.   The game's description undersells it. This game is FAR bigger and more chaotic, the soundtrack is phenomenal with new beats and some reminders of old ones, and more than 100 ways to end up thinking 'wait, how do i get back to that room now?'   The interconnections are clean and immensely satisfying- to find yourself in a new place only to realise it's the same place you just were? The trick pays off every single time, without fail.  Great new game, Brenton!
Wonderful game, TONE of contents to explore. The way panel works are completely different than lingo 1 but I think it is still better to play lingo 1 first. Some concepts are much easier to grasp with lingo 1 knowledge.  Definitely recommended!
It took Lingo and added even more great stuff, i can't ask for more
It's great. It hurts. It's much more expansive than the first one. The main gimmick is very clever and leads to very neat twists. My brain is fried. And yet I keep going.
Really good sequel to the original game, has all the feature we loved as well as some new ones. Also don't need the knowledge of first game to play this one. This line from another game also fits here: "The end is never the end!", multiple endings with much to discover.  [spoiler] Also personally feel like the rhymes are not too much+ there are extra hints near them, didn't get the first game because I am not the best at rhymes, So that was a very huge plus for me. [/spoiler]   [spoiler] Early game you might notice you have to find letters this really helps narrow down the multiple answers field. Also extra hint for multi-answers where ever possible[/spoiler]
This game is art. One of the best puzzle games in recent memory. A steal, even at full price.
Great game that expands on the idea of the original. I felt the new twist and emphasis on exploration early made it more rewarding when you could progress either through gaining knowledge or gaining abilities.
Get lost in the maze of words and walls, discover new things, broaden your word puzzle mind. It's good.
I very very rarely write reviews but I have to write one for this game.   It has been a long time since I've been so engrossed by a puzzle game. This game is an ever telescoping kaleidoscope of fun, challenging, brain busting puzzles. I've sort of been consistently amazed at how whenever I feel like I hit a wall, I'll go explore elsewhere and whole possibilities and areas open up. This is a DECEPTIVE game and it's scope is extremely deceptive. There are areas within areas within areas. It's extremely clever and while I'm frankly nowhere near the very end, I have been having more fun with this game than any I've played in a long long time. This deserves way more attention than it's getting.   I sort of bounced off the first one, but this sequel is outstanding. Love it.
It's just fantastic. It takes everything great about the first game and amplifies it. I have some qualms with the world lay-out, making it a little too difficult to get around sometimes but the moment to moment puzzles are fantastic. Can't recommend enough
I absolutely loved Lingo 1, and I wasn't sure how Brenton would make a sequel. Safe to say, while the word puzzles are very similar, there are new mechanics in Lingo 2 that make it much different from the first game, and a worthy sequel. The puzzles in this game are beautiful, and there are many layers to unfold as you go through the game. While different in structure and pace from Lingo 1, anyone who enjoys word puzzles and environmental puzzles needs to play this game.
Amazing word puzzles, lots of rule discovery. Best experienced without any guides. Just beat the game, but it seems like there is sooooo much more hidden endgame secrets.
It's a good game that builds on top of the original Lingo. You don't need Lingo 1 knowledge to really play the game but if you do, you find that it's almost the same except the colors are replaced with symbols. The symbols feel much better than the color-based rule system since it's friendly to the colorblind. The rules take some time getting used to, especially when they start introducing chained and layered symbols. My only problem with the game is that it's not great for extended play periods for me since I get really bad headaches, and it's aggravated by the extreme non-Euclidean nature of the map. Otherwise, it's been really fun and although I still haven't completed it, I hope I can eventually finish this.
The best puzzle game I've had the pleasure of playing, brilliantly creative through and through.
One of the best puzzle game I've ever played.  A massive sprawling labyrinth of interconnected area filled with word puzzles,  Metroidvania elements where collecting new letters are the key to progression.  12+ different endings to unlock, got the first one about 8 hours in, the final one around 45 hours, but had some help along the way from Twitch viewers.  Incredible value for the price.  This game completely absorbed my free time for a week straight.  if English is not your native language you will probably struggle more.  Taking notes while playing is highly recommended to the point of being mandatory if you plan on getting more endings.
Amazing puzzle game, stands up to the first Lingo and expands on it while adding plenty of twists. The level structure is still a maze of non-euclidean nonsense until it all clicks and suddenly you can travel to anywhere on the map just from your knowledge alone. Its a great feeling to not only feel like you're mastering the puzzles but also the game world as well. So many hidden secrets and entire sections, I was finding new rooms to complete right up until the end.   Long story short, if you liked Lingo 1, you will enjoy this. If you like puzzle games, get Lingo 1 and then pick this one up.   Fantastic work Brenton and team, please never make the Double-Sided again
If you've played Lingo, this is right up your ally. Different in some ways but very familiar.
Not as good as the original, but still a really fun word game, and well worth the buy. I like a lot of the new mechanics and how they shook up the "Lingo Formula".
Persistently clever word puzzles and ingenious non-linear level design, [i]Lingo 2[/i] has quickly become an all-time favourite.   The way you gain knowledge of the mechanics at play, layer by layer, deftly threaded in a web of a interconnected world, via portals, non-euclidean geometry, and [i]Super Mario 64[/i] style paintings; leads you on breadcrumbs so perfect they feel impossible. Even if you may not immediately resonate with a puzzle's solution, upon solving it, everything makes so much sense you almost feel silly for not noticing earlier.   I also love how much mileage the game gets out of the space it uses. Being as open and windy as it could be, the easy option would be to have long corridors of puzzles that go in one direction, gradually increasing in difficulty until you reach the end and unlock another corridor. [i]Lingo 2[/i] basically never does this, and even when it appears that it does, there is more going on under the surface. There are almost always at least two different paths crossing over one another, silent or loud. Given this, you are constantly passing by inaccessible places or unsolvable puzzles, a steady stream of internal notes to take (or notepad file to update), such as "ah, OK, I'll have to come back to this puzzle once I have the letter J" or "this purple cube in the middle of the hedges looks curious, I'll come back to it later".   As handy as taking notes is, the world does a great job at remaining distinct enough to be memorable, despite its minimalist style. Not only that but the level design subtly nudges you in directions to make organic discoveries about the world that train you to better navigate it. Even at the end of what seemed like a self-isolated section, where, upon completion, you may think won't have a relation to the rest of the world, you will be plopped out somewhere familiar and have an "a-ha" moment of recontextualising your surroundings.   My favourite example of this so far is a section called The Unyielding, [spoiler]where you arrive and there are a two paths to take, which then lead to their own rabbit holes that branch into these claustrophobic rooms filled with puzzles. You go about solving each branch and as you do some of them the walls around you recede into the ground revealing more puzzles. Many non-euclidean tunnels and dozens of puzzles later you eventually recede so many walls that all those claustrophobic rooms are revealed to be shoulder to shoulder to each other, even though your brain would never picture them that way, and you are left with a field of solved puzzles, revealing clue fragments to solve one large meta puzzle.[/spoiler] The satisfaction of completing the area was only rivalled by my admiration for the undertaking and ingenuity of designing the environment.  [i]Lingo 2[/i] becomes so much more than word puzzles as you play. Navigating the environment is a puzzle, knowing what solving a puzzle does for you is a puzzle, understanding what to do next is a puzzle, and more quirks that I don't want to spoil! So much of what makes this game great is organic discovery. This is also coming from someone who hasn't seen all there is to see. This game is HUGE, there is so much to do. Off the top of my head I can remember at least 5 loose ends I have to chase up, each I'm sure have their own hydra heads to chop and rabbit holes to follow. Even then, if you find yourself at a dead end, there is an excellent in-built hint hub to point you in the right direction, often with cute mini dioramas of the location or mechanic you need to progress.  As someone who liked [i]Lingo 1[/i] but never clicked with all the colours and heights system, I appreciate the symbols system in [i]Lingo 2[/i] a lot more for its clarity, it feels a lot more approachable and malleable, with many symbols compounding together being more intuitive also. Even if you have never played [i]Lingo 1[/i], this is an excellent place to start, and, at least for me, is way more well-rounded and enjoyable experience to explore and get lost with.   If you liked this game's non-euclidean geometry and non-linear exploration, I recommend [url=https://store.steampowered.com/app/219890/Antichamber/][i]Antichamber[/i][/url] for its similar puzzlebox bliss of submerging yourself in a uniquely creative experience.  If you liked this game's knowledge gates and free exploration, I recommend [url=https://store.steampowered.com/app/1141580/Taiji/][i]Taiji[/i][/url], a Witness-like with a dense world of puzzles, non-linear exploration, and plenty of secrets to find.
링고 속에서 나는 언제나 학생이다. 배운다는 행위의 즐거움을 다시금 깨닫게 된다.
Absolutely phenomenal word puzzle/rule discovery game, just like the first one.
An amazing experience, all the charm of Lingo but feels fresh and new. The challenges were perfect, and a great mix of exploration, puzzles, and wordplay. Would nearly recommend new players play this before Lingo 1. At the moment this is my game of the year for 2025!
Lingo 2 is an improvement over Lingo 1 in almost every way. I enjoyed the puzzles more. I enjoyed the rules discovery more. I enjoyed the reveals more. I enjoyed the music more. Lingo 2 keeps you exploring for hours. You will forget everything at some point because the game just keeps going. It's overwhelming-but not impossible. The game will subtly guide you in the right direction most of the time, ramping up in difficulty as you progress and only as you progress. Lingo 2 plays hard, but it also plays fair. You will get stuck, but eventually you will prevail. For those of you not looking for too hard of a challenge, you can seek enjoyment out of the main game content. But for those of you seeking a wonderful and challenging word puzzle experience? You should have already bought this game. It's the best of the best. After 44 hours I still wish this game went on longer. I look forward to content updates in the future. 9.6/10
This is a pretty good sequel.   Lingo 2 is different enough from the first game and leaves much more room to be expanded upon in my opinion. It does seem to lose most of the ridiculous emergent complexity; progress is more or less gated by exploration rather than knowledge of the game's mechanics.   Also the game is enormous, but I think it ends up being easier to 100% than the first game since most of the secrets aren't as obscured. It's not like you need to 100% games to have a good time, even though I am doing that.
If you liked Lingo 1, this is largely more of the same and you will most likely enjoy it.  If you didn't play Lingo 1, this mixes word puzzles with non-euclidean geometry, where space doesn't work out how you expect. You can turn right five times in a row and end up somewhere different, or going backwards might not return you to where you were. Similar to games like Antichamber if you played that. It is very easy to get lost and very easy to not know how to get somewhere you've been before, so if that frustrates you, maybe wait until people make maps for the game. The puzzles will also be much much harder if you aren't a native English speaker, sometimes requiring obscure words or accurate pronunciation to solve.  If you didn't like Lingo 1, and it was for movement related reasons, you won't like this either. But if the puzzles in Lingo 1 were the problem, in Lingo 2, they are much clearer. If you hated Purple in Lingo 1, that's not a thing anymore. Even Yellow is rare, and only in the easiest form. There are a lot of interesting new rules and many more multi-step puzzles. Maybe give it a shot.
Amazing puzzle game, Its taking me and 2 of my friends and a generous helping of ChatGPT to make it through this game. ChatGPT is NOT necessary, we are just extremely stupid and not smart.  If you like word puzzles then this is THE game.
Sequel to one of the absolute best puzzle games I've ever played, this game takes the first game and turns everything up a notch. The initial scavenger-hunt mechanic can be a bit hit or miss but the rule discovery part is in my opinion vastly improved from the first game with a (somehow) even less restrictive system that makes me very hyped to see what modders will come up with in the future.  If you're completely new to Lingo I'd suggest you start with the first game but let it be known that this game is pretty much a perfect sequel. Highly recommended.
Great word-based puzzle game. Exploration can be difficult and esoteric and seems to be a larger part of the game than in Lingo 1.
It was a solid 48-49 hours before I was able to (to my knowledge) 100% the game. So many different places to unlock and goals to achieve - just when you think you've found something, ten more things unlock. Once you think you've fully explored an area, you find that there's something you haven't done or a way to reapproach it with further knowledge. Nothing is as it seems, and because of that, this game is such an amazing experience.
I played quite a bit of the first Lingo (I think I ended up with ~2/3rds of the achievements?) I think this game is a clear improvement, with the caveat that some of the ways in which it's improved may put off fans of the original.  At a base level, it is so much easier to tell where you are in the world. In the first game, even after beating quite a bit of it I still found myself constantly lost and struggling to remember how to get back to areas just to check if maybe something new had opened up. In Lingo 2, different locations have very different looks - the walls/ceiling are colored differently, the shading is different, the music track changes, and it even gives a label for the area you're in in the pause menu. The extra amount of teleportation hubs, shortcuts, and etc makes navigation even easier.  A few negative reviews have mentioned the letter hunt mechanic as ruining the exploration feel of the first game for them, but in my opinion the direction the letter hunt (plus hint hub you can find quite early) gives the game is absolutely worth the tradeoff. In the original Lingo I often found myself aimlessly wandering hoping to find a new path or something that had opened up with no knowledge of what I was even looking for, and to me that was absolutely a worse experience.  Overall though I haven't finished the game I feel totally safe recommending Lingo 2 for anyone who enjoys puzzle games and/or metroidvanias. It's a very fun take on the genre that retains a lot of what makes the original fun while getting rid of the worst of the friction.
Lingo 1 was a masterpiece of a puzzle game, and Lingo 2 continues that trend. Much much more content than I expected at release, and I'm still lighting my braincells on fire trying to solve stuff in the later parts of the game! Give it a try, it's amazing!
If you thought lingo 1 was peak you aren't ready for lingo 2. Although an abundance of custom maps expand on the idea, lingo 1 had limited ways to mix up the formula. But with the new 'glyph' system in Lingo 2, it allows for way more variety of puzzles. In general I prefer the Lingo 2 puzzles as well. Where lingo 1 had some 'interesting' puzzles that felt mildly unfair, every puzzle in lingo 2 so far have felt fair (presuming you found the tutorial area ahead of time). Lingo 2's map is also easier to explore allowing for smoother puzzle solving.  My only issue in this game is how un-smooth some of the teleports are. In Lingo 1, teleporting to different locations was always confusing, as you didn't always know when you teleport which I enjoyed. In lingo 2, whenever you teleport to a new area the game stutters ruining some emersion. This issue is so mild so overall is doesn't impact the experience. The third game I would genuinely give a 10/10 (others being Lingo 1 and Binding of Isaac)
Multiple endings? Check. Mind bending challenges? Check. Learn by doing? Check. Cute mascot? Eh, debatable, but the smiley face is kind of a mascot. Long boring grind for EXP? Nope.
Greater sequel to a great game, keeps a lot of what made Lingo 1 good while also being far more developed in terms of music, gameplay, and mystery. Definitely recommend if you're a fan of word puzzles and even general puzzle games. No knowledge of the first game is required either, besides recognizing some inside jokes from the community :)
If you've played Lingo 1, you either loved its level 1 and hated its level 2, or vice versa. Level 1 focuses too much on navigation puzzles while level 2 focuses too much on the text puzzles.  I am so happy to say that Lingo 2 managed to bridge the gap. I was skeptical at first, since I didn't like any of L1's navigation puzzles at all, but, I thoroughly enjoyed L2's except for a few here and there that were easy to brute force anyways. The worst by far is [spoiler] the dark blue, eye painting mansion [/spoiler] but most others are not mandatory for progression.  However, if you're looking for more elaborate puzzle mechanic depth with this title, sadly, i'd recommend you go play (certain) Lingo 1 custom maps. While L2 does have interesting mechanics it simply lacks the depth that L1 had. Still, I can't deny there are some fun mechanics, and some really funny quirks of how the systems work (like in the repetitive), but also some huge flops. I can think of 3 mechanics off the top of my head that never should've made it out of their tutorial rooms, namely, [spoiler] hollow X, slashed O, and weird boomerangs [/spoiler] . However, take it from someone who loves the panel puzzle aspects- I still enjoyed this!  Verdict: Great game. Whether you're in it for the navigation puzzles or in it for the panel puzzles there will be something for you. My advice: If you play, join the discord ASAP. The game is great but some parts are much better if you have access to ask hint that'll be slightly less obtuse than the game's own.  Come back later!
the crack cocaine of puzzle games
Some really great design decisions went into Lingo 2, it's a lot more accessible for newcomers in the early game than Lingo 1 was, but it still manages to expand out into an experience with plenty of depth and confusion as you progress further. When you eventually start struggling or feel lost on where to go next, the game has ways to guide you without outright spoiling the surprise or a-ha factor of new discoveries. Bravo
pros: less confusing map, more interesting tricks, a hint system (sometimes not enough tho), more soundtracks rich content  cons: switching map takes ~1 second for me and is slightly annoying hardware requirement is higher than first. Makes my gtx 1650 80 celcius in some areas. There are graphics settings to ease it though
its lingo but different and with funny little symbols instead of [base mechanics of the first game (play lingo 1 if you havent)], i already got an ending but it feels like ive barely scratched the surface here lol
Played the first one, never finished it but found it incredibly fun. Whether I finish this will be hard to say, especially if it is overall as difficult as the first was, but for now that is not a worry for me. Lingo 2 is an entirely different beast than its predecessor. Whilst some of the initial rules of the game are easy enough to work out from the examples it gives you, it very quickly challenges you to look more at your surroundings and explore in some very creative ways. Am I currently lost with no idea where to head in the game? Yes. But I am having fun being lost, which is not something I expected to say.  The description given by the dev is certainly accurate in that not everyone who liked lingo 1 will necessarily like the changes this game makes (which I will not spoil as it introduces you to the biggest of these straight off the bat), but it does keep the very satisfying realisations of coming to a moment of "Ah ha!" when something just *clicks* for you. An easy recommendation for fans of more cryptic puzzles that don't just hand you a rulebook of what your doing.
Enjoy it after two hours, I haven't beaten Lingo 1 yet, but this one eases you into it more with the new mechanics. Quite challenging already trying to find where to go next.  After 15 hours, I'm starting to get quite addicted now, just one more puzzle. I feel like I might just be scratching the surface of what this game is.  After 18 hours, slowly going insane.
I'm three hours in and loving it just as much, or even more, than the original Lingo. A ton of frustration points from the first game have been smoothed over and refined, and the hallways are delightfully mazelike. Brenton took the best bits from Lingo and expanded on them with the new puzzle mechanics, both in the many word panels, as well as navigating the world that gets steadily more complex the more you play.
While I can really appreciate the value and effort that went into this game, this game isn't really for me. I would like to give this game a 'subjective thumbs down' for personal reasons, but objectively the game is really great and I can see the potential in both this game and the prequel.   The main issue I have with this game (and the prequel) is the fact that I often tend to get motion sickness while playing. I don't know what it is, since I can play fast-paced racing/fps games just fine, but both Lingo 1 and Lingo 2 give me a lot of motion sickness after an hour. I am fully aware that this issue lies with me and this isn't the game's fault at all.
本作与一代相比确实有挺大不同，相较于单词推理，解谜的成分显著增加了。  Lingo的内容量挺大的，推荐给有一定英文基础的解谜爱好者。
Temporary review for The Algorithm:  I thoroughly enjoyed the original Lingo, but had a few qualms that made it difficult to recommend for a more general audience. Brenton has learned a lot since making Lingo and its subsequent levels, and I can safely say that not only has this game gotten rid of all of my issues with the original, but completely surpassed my expectations and become a genuinely wonderful game.  Lingo is at its best when it feels like a slow descent into madness, and this game accomplishes that while also having a very good sense of forward progress. Extreme recommend.
A wonderful word puzzle game and a fitting sequel to the original Lingo.
I haven't played for too long but I can already see it's an improvement to the first game. 1. You actually have to psychically find the letters that you can use for answers. So you can't answer everything right away (and what you can't answer is highlighted in red so it's very clear what you can skip over) 2. Clues for subtracting or adding letters will actually give you the amount of clue icons for how many letters are removed/added. That way you know exactly how large the word has to be.
Amazing progression, great puzzles. Would recommend to anyone who even somewhat enjoys word puzzles.
cool concept, i like the idea of being letter-locked as a restriction instead of just knowledge. Makes the early game easier and harder at the same time.
Absolutely amazing game.   Non linear, builds in difficulty.  Only concern is (playing on the deck) screen burn in from the amount of time I'm thinking on the puzzles, they pop up keyboard has started to leave ghosting on my screen.   Hopefully the developer can come up with a way to prevent hardware damage while playing!  Still highly recommended as one of the smartest games on the market.
Love this game, one of my favourites of all time, I'm sad its over so soon. I was worried I'd miss the rules of Lingo 1 but the new systems are used in some very fun ways. Excited to see what modders can come up with. Highly recommend playing with a friend as its easy to get tunnel vision and overlook important details. So many secrets and hidden details.
improves on almost every single aspect of the original game, which was already an instant classic
I loved the first Lingo so much, so I was excited to see that there was a Lingo 2. And I'm happy to say that it did not disappoint. This takes the original Lingo concept and makes it fresh. Each puzzle is a joy to solve and you feel like a genius every time you discover something new. I feel like I'm learning an entire new language and it works so well. And, all the little nods to the first game are just *chef's kiss*
Not close to done with this but omg!! Keeps everything fun and interesting from the first game and improves on everything else. Great music and environment, and incredible level/game design as always. Definitely get this if you like any sort of puzzle games!
When I found this game I was tired and was looking for something more laid-back yet engaging. This fit the bill perfectly. Even though word puzzles are generally too open-ended for me, this game mitigates that by having a ton of context clues to help solve them, from letter limitations to [SPOILER?] placement of puzzles relative to each other.
Terribly sorry for this, but I'm straight up completely dissappointed with how this game turned out. The music and general visuals are great. They're a gigantic step up from Lingo 1 and they're probably the only part of the game I played that I actually liked. But my god was everything else a complete trainwreck in comparison, and it ALL has to do with the Letter Hunt mechanic that's tacked on the first 4-5 hours or so of gameplay that genuinely feels downright intelligence-insulting at times because "Oh, you know what this panel solves to? Too bad! You can't solve it right now anyway! Why? Because I said so!" and not like how Lingo 1 had it where it felt more like a knowledge checkpoint, aka what yknow, feels actually STANDARD for a puzzle game.  This just... doesn't feel like a puzzle game at all, I'm sorry. The panels themselves feel like they've taken a complete and utter backseat and the first part of the game feels like a walking sim that disguised itself as a puzzle game. I feel... somewhat cheated on by this honestly. I LOVE Lingo 1, it's one of my favorite puzzle games of all time and it's become one of my most played video games in recent years due to custom content keeping the amount of playtime afloat for pretty much infinity. I went into Lingo 2 expecting a similar thing but with a lot more non-euclidean focus and a different puzzle notation format, but what I instead got was a game that apparently does get good, but only after what might be one of the worst puzzle game mechanics I've ever seen. It's hard for me to say it, but I played this game for one session and straight up didn't want to continue. I will continue it of course, cause it is Lingo, and I want to support the developer as much as I can (it's why I made this review in the first place)... But ow. Please, save yourself and whoever else you drag down into this one, and just support the developer by buying you and the aformentioned friend a copy or 2 of Lingo 1. It's a WAY better first impression, and honestly I can guarantee you'll like it way more than this. I'm so sorry, Brenton.
If you like rule discovery games, this is one of the best in the genre. It's even better than Lingo 1!
This is one of the best games. Its so smart. Avoid spoilers and just get it without watching to see if its good. It is.
Great first person puzzler. Worth breaking out the thesaurus for.
Masterpiece of an open world puzzle game.  You don't need to play Lingo 1 to enjoy this.
The original Lingo turned out to be one of my favourite puzzle games, and Lingo 2 is turning out to be just as much fun and even more challenging! Loving it!
the solution for x is absolute bullshit, there should not be a painting in the hint for it at all. you also can't expect to get it either by just playing the game. anyways good game. i am enjoying it so far.
Yeah this game is good. Unfortunately I keep forgetting where to go for things so that's on me. Can't wait to see what gets made as custom content
I expected more white hallways but it just gave me hallways of colours. There are so many word panels that trying to fully finish this in one sitting is not recommended (The 20+ hour tagline is not a joke :D).  Pros: - Words - Panels - Symbols - Progressive Lettering is a great addition/change - Small Map, can go anywhere quickly - Music enjoyable enough to leave on loop  Cons: - Game is addictive - Being unable to play it during work  Edit: A mechanic I complained about before was unfair to judge early on, was just not far enough to fully appreciate it.
Lingo 2 is a fresh spin on Lingo that requires no knowledge of its predecessor to play. It pulls from the same well, a word game heavily inspired by The Witness and Antichamber, but has added a unique twist.  Lingo 2 is like Lingo 1 in that it is a world with lots of places to go, lots of fun themes, a plethora of puzzles and a smattering of secrets. Lingo 2 is not like Lingo 1 in that it has an increased focus of interesting navigation that was lost in Level 2 and an overall better feeling environment. The menus are slicker and it is clear that Brenton, the developer, has learned from Lingo's original outing.  I am a huge fan of Lingo 2, but I'm not sure everyone will be. Even people who love the original Lingo. It moves away from the stricter rules and heavy word puzzles to focus on crafting new restrictions on the player that creates a whole new feel.  I may be a biased reviewer as I have sunk quite a bit of time and energy into Lingo, Lingo 2, and their communities but I think Lingo 2 is incredible. And what is so amazing is that it stands alongside Lingo, neither eclipsing nor overshadowing.  Oh yeah, also wanted to say that I highly recommend joining the Lingo Discord for any help you need in solving puzzles and finding secrets.
Play Lingo 1. If you like that this is only okay.  Is this actually fun? I was solving a puzzle where the clue was simply "5 letter vehicle". "Truck" I think instantly. That's wrong. Plane maybe? No. A few minutes later I search it on the internet, because is this really such an interesting question anyways? It really isn't. I was in a pure green pyramid with a bunch of other easy similar puzzles. This puzzle had no interesting relation to the world around it. It was not exploring some new mechanic. It was just another boring puzzle. Most of the game is actually like this.  The letter search mechanic doesn't do anything to make the game better imo. Panels are red if you can't solve them. You can lose letters in certain places, so it introduces this tedious method of reducing any puzzle into an anagram if you want.
Compared to Lingo 1, Lingo 2 is much less janky and much easier to get into. It also comes with a demo, which 🚨 YOU SHOULD PLAY FIRST!! 🚨 The demo's relationship to the main game might intrigue and surprise you.  Whether Lingo 2 is BETTER than Lingo 1 will be the subject of debate for decades to come.
Lingo 2 is an improvement on Lingo 1 in every single way!   I believe people who are here for the word puzzles will find the navigation much easier to conceptualize, people who are here for the mazes won't be disappointed, and people who are here for the memes should name their profile "Icely" to have an eventual surprise ;)  I coded some things for this game, and after beta-testing, I also made a map for the game. I look forward to watching people play the game, and esp. my game ^_^
Very cool sequel. I just wish that mechanic from the symbolic was officially introduced in Lingo 1, lol
Welcome b_ck! Lingo 2 is like Lingo, but you need to get the letters first. It's almost like a metroidvania, with progress not just gated by knowledge, but whether you're even able to solve the puzzles. The rules are fun to discover, with several small tutorial areas for each. There are some sharp difficulty jumps, so you [strike] may[/strike] definitely need a thesaurus. The game feels a lot longer as well, though part of that may just be looking for letters.  Also, the soundtrack is amazing. Overall, good game. Takes more inspiration from games like Antichamber than its predecessor, which isn't a bad thing. 9/10, bring a notebook.
At least as good as the first one.  Buy the game. Write the words.
This is a incredibly good sequel and an insanely good puzzle rule discovery game
Meh. A lot of puzzles that you'd see in basically every puzzle game ever, except with word-based panels instead of buttons and switches. Also the design instinct from the first game of "achieving X unlocks something else at a random point in the map" seems intact from the first game, and while that's a good way of increasing player time by forcing them to wander, it doesn't make for compelling gameplay IMO.
Excellent sequel. Wish it had more puzzles and less non-euclidean pathfinding though.
Did you like Lingo, the game I consider the Greatest Puzzle Game of All Time?   Well, this is more of that, but bigger, better, and with more than one song in the soundtrack.  https://youtu.be/KOH8lmzLB3k
Simply put, I love this game. It's such a massive level up from what Lingo 1 could do, and I love that. In Lingo 1, you had mechanics represented by colors and heights. That was fine, but some of the heights of said colors felt... unusable, really. Yet, when a color didn't have a height, the community immediately tried to invent one for it, leading to mechanic bloat. Especially considering the recent influx of custom colors (i would know, i've made four of them) and all of THEIR heights. I have no doubt something similar will happen in Lingo 2, but it feels like bliss with the new symbol system. Each symbol only has ONE MECHANIC, whereas almost every color in lingo would have THREE. Despite there being more basegame L2 symbols than basegame L1 colors, there are still so many unsatisfactory mechanics that didn't get ported over, and even some new mechanics that I don't even think any color in Lingo 1 has. Now, for the thing that there seems to be some contention about: the keyboard hunt. I personally really love this feature. It provides some needed spice and a sense of progression to the game that the closest example to this beast of a map, Lingo 1 Level 2, didn't have. In fact, Level 2 felt like I was wandering around aimlessly. When I got stuck on a puzzle, I would leave it and forget I had it. With the new keyboard hunting goal, that still happens, but I'm much more inclined to return to an area if I know there's something there. If I know what the answer to a seemingly important panel is, I can know what my next goal is. If a panel's answer were OVERLY and I only had OERLY, I'd immediately know that I need to find V to solve it, and then I'd start working towards V. This has happened multiple times in the game, and I have no issue whatsoever with it. Also, the Hinterlands are an amazing addition to this game. I wouldn't want to wander around aimlessly trying to find things like I did in Lingo 1, and the Hinterlands provide an amazing solution by telling me where I can and can't go to find letters at the moment. Overall, an excellent game. I highly recommend it. The Steam "recommended" text is such an understatement here.
花了足足50多个小时达成了《Lingo 2》的全收集全成就，玩的还是很开心的。这个游戏简单来说就是“猜单词+猜规则”的机制，可以算是类见证者结合类puzzlehunt谜题的游戏。总体来说，体验上相比于一代是“[b]强化了精华，但也强化了糟粕[/b]”的感受。[b]推荐玩家类型：擅长并喜欢探索，且喜欢类puzzlehunt谜题的玩家[/b]。其他喜欢解谜类的玩家也可以尝试一下，晕3D玩家与路痴谨慎购买。 下面简单总结一下优缺点（优点为+开头，+数量表示个人向的优点程度分，缺点为-开头，-数量表示个人向的缺点程度分） +++ 规则更加具象化。二代将一代的高度+颜色决定规则的模式修改成了更具体的符号规则，更直观且更好理解。 +++ 新增的字母收集要求极大的增加了游戏的目标感。一代就因为目标太模糊导致玩起来比较难受，二代通过收集字母这一主线，驱动玩家进一步探索地图，大大优化了玩家的探索体验。 + 可探索内容大幅度增加。对于探索性玩家来说，这一代能摸索的内容实在是丰富，而且每个小区域都有新鲜感，但可能有点太多了会导致探索起来会比较累，尤其是重复跑图。 - 新增的字母收集要求产生了大量重复跑图流程。由于游戏需要收集字母，因此前期有些题目是做不了的，必须后期集齐相应的字母才能回来补上答案，因此不可避免地增加了重复跑图流程，拖慢了节奏。 -- 答题自由度很低，很多题目必须对上作者脑洞才算对。这是一代就有的毛病了，二代延续了这个问题，好在可以通过游戏内的机制并结合一些puzzlehunt工具来穷举，没一代那么痛苦了。 --- 极其糟糕的地图设计。与一代一样，二代的地图特色依然是无缝传送，这导致探索难度大幅度上涨，一不留神就会迷失在地图中。本来以为二代会减少这种设计，没想到二代反而变本加厉了，再加上一些强制重复跑图的设计，极大的加重了探图的负面感受。
设计水平相比于一代而言有了非常明显的进步，像是学习到了很多社区图的思路，内容很丰富，体验也提升了很多
I was skeptical when i played the demo but the actual game is great. Like its predecessor, it just keeps going when you think you learned it all. It perfectly makes you go insane all over again
SPOILER WARNING FOR BOTH LINGO 1 AND 2   Conflicted on this one for a multitude of reasons- Lingo 2, as a sequel should, tries new things to its benefit and detriment (obviously). At times it feels like it fails more than it succeeds, but when Lingo 2 succeeds, it's pretty damn good. When we starting comparing it to Lingo 1, however, I find that Lingo 2 is... less unique. The metroidvania aspects, combined with a new rendition on the labyrinth-style, non-euclidean map make for what feel like a watered down version of what made Lingo 1 so special, with the word mechanics- while having new and, many times, genuinely really fun and interesting modifiers, feels like there's less "there", despite technically being larger than both Level 1 and Level 2 of Lingo. I 100%'d Lingo 2 in 40 hours. I only did Level 1 of Lingo 1, before dropping it at Level 2 which took 10 hours. Yet somehow, Lingo 1 still felt more dense and consistently interesting- a result of how it paced tutorialization of block positions/colorings/etc.  Obviously, some of this is attributable to the fact that Lingo 2 is a sequel, so of course the main conceit won't be as fresh. But the counterpart to Lingo 2's overworld, Daedalus, I think, proves that it's something more ingrained within how Lingo 2 has chosen to pace itself. It's not particularly clear, for one, when exactly you're supposed to enter it. I think you're supposed to go over it using the pyramid, but apparently some people say that's not intended. The garden to read the pyramid itself is also something that I'm genuinely unsure when I unlocked. A problem which multiplies tenfold in Daed itself, where you have no clue to what end you're doing anything, and everything is everywhere but you can't find anything. The only thing I genuinely remember from Daed is what's immediately out of the colored hallways, and almost nothing else- especially since later on you unlock a staircase which allows you to ceiling hop and literally ignore a good portion of the word puzzles for shortcuts. All of this seems to be further reinforced by it's multiple endings. Lingo 2 is a lot more focused on collectibles, in endings, smiley-faces, letters, and teal letters. But with so many layers of collectibles, there is a lack of focus that should accompany these layers. No indicators or hints for the different endings, vastly different pacings between endings, lack of clarity between if a loose thread you're chasing is a smiley, or an ending, or what. The secrets themselves are interesting, and many times engaging, but there is no consistency. Take Animal Well, where eggs were clearly hidden behind chests, and [REDACTED] were much much more out of the way, it's apparent that the difficulty levels behind a challenge helped indicate what "level of secret/collectible" you were finding. In Lingo 2? You might randomly stumble upon a room that has a few themed challenges that lead to an ending, or 1/4ths of an collectible, or unlocks a shortcut. Daedelus is huge, and cramped, and not a lot of it is actually memorable as a map, except for the individual landmarks themselves. You have no clue what kind of thread you're chasing, and it might underwhelm if you find yourself looking for something specific. This becomes especially a problem when you consider not everyone is going to finish the game with the same progression- where some may find themselves just wanting one ending, all the endings, and maybe just not wanting the collectibles, it gets frustrating not knowing to what end you're doing anything. But, on the other hand. I kind of like the merely vague understanding of what you're doing. Finding a thread and chasing it, especially done through the iffy-ish, sometimes obtuse hints in Hinterland, or as a tangent from looking for a specific letter, *can* be really fun. And certain threads in this game are genuinely outstanding to find when you do, and some of its ideas *do* work really well. The abrasiveness and lack of consistency in many of its puzzles *do* suck, much more than Lingo 1, but when you get to a noteworthy puzzle, I really enjoy going "Wait, that *was* pretty clever". In the best ways, Lingo 2 feels really human. If you're able to put up with some bullshit and abrasiveness in puzzle and level design, and can tolerate more than one actual full-on maze to see some really creative and interesting shit, I do recommend Lingo 2.
Lingo 2 might be billed as the sequel to another game, but hear me out: it is a distinct experience that I think anyone can enjoy, whether you've played the original game for 1000 hours or you've never heard of it before seeing this page. Brenton Wildes has outdone himself on this one. Lingo 2 is bigger. Its world is more complex and beautiful; the endless white hallways are gone, but there's still so much to find. And while the the puzzles are still word puzzles of course, they're completely new and an experienced Lingo player will still have a lot to learn. The soundtrack by Icely gives the game such a mysterious aura and some of the tracks are absolute bops. The coolest thing about Lingo 2 is that it's somehow a Metroidvania; you literally get to traverse a big open world while collecting powerups that incrementally allow you to progress more. This gives it such a different feel from the original game. And that's not even mentioning the other new mechanics and the plethora of secrets, which you'll have to play the game to discover! So with all that said, I highly recommend playing Lingo 2 for yourself. WELCOME BACK!
极强！较前作有着更加丰富的wordplay机制，地图探索引导和路线细节设计。对个人有加分的一个亮点是没有了lingo1的滑脚跑酷设计，在后期跑图时体感非常舒服。
If you think about it, Lingo 2 is like a fish. It cannot contact you via phone or email, in the sense that a ferret should not be contained in a wet cardboard box. Classical physicists still ponder the geological implications of raising exactly two and a half fingers. Vaguely recalling the middle name of your second most recent flight attendant, however, might raise ethical concerns from your orthodontist. Talk to a doctor (who has no more than 3 years of experience) about the invention of the solenoid tomorrow; your mental image of unseasoned popcorn will thank you.  That being said, I very much enjoyed Lingo 1, and found Lingo 2 to be a very entertaining and artful sequel. It feels properly expansive, with unique and in-depth progression design that can be appreciated by anyone. Many of its word puzzles and word-unaffiliated puzzles alike are intriguing and satisfying. Keep in mind that everything necessary to complete the game is taught within itself, so don't go looking up much. Whether you played either Lingo game yet or not, I highly recommend checking out either!
I was originally worried that removing the height/color mechanics that defined the gameplay of the first Lingo would make the sequel less enjoyable, or not give it enough room for creative and clever puzzles. I’m very happy to say that is not the case.   The new symbol-based mechanics are a lot of fun to learn and put together, and the new metroidvania aspect of having to actually find the letters before you can use them also is implemented really well. It makes backtracking feel a lot more rewarding once you come across a puzzle you can now solve that you previously weren’t able to.  There have been a handful of puzzles scattered around that I couldn’t see the logic in, even when I completely understood what the symbols were asking for. Perhaps I just am not thinking outside of the box enough - that was practically a requirement to progress in the first Lingo and it still very much asks that of you here.
Lingo is one of the greatest puzzle games ever made. Lingo 2 is better and achieves the incredible feat of being a faithful sequel while also resetting 90% of player knowledge, allowing new players to approach it.  Both Lingo games are rules-based puzzlers with opaque rules. The main puzzle is figuring out the rules so that you can do the little puzzles. The world itself is also something that you must learn. It is full of portals, shortcuts, and things to return to. Prepare to be baffled, then experience a flash of understanding, only to be lost again a moment later.  Rule number one: Don't forget to smile.
Every single time I thought I was nearing completion of this game, a brand new bomb dropped completely reshaping my understanding of everything I had once thought I had known.
One of the best games I've ever played. And Icely, your soundtrack brings it together so well, forming a phenomenal experience far surpassing its predecessor.
Imagine if a really tricky crossword puzzle was an open world game where you had to slowly collect letters to use. It's a ton of fun and discovering all the secrets makes you feel like a genius. I played it along with a few friends and being able to exchange theories, clues, and answers with each other made the game even more fun. It just keeps going. I have no idea how much more content I have left and I couldn't be more happy about that.  One tip: Don't be afraid to use the hinterlands if you get stuck, they were put in the game for a reason and the least fun part of this game is wandering around aimlessly looking for more letters.
Extremely good word puzzle game. Loved the first, and love the second even more. Both games have seperate rulesets so you can go straight into Lingo 2 if you don't feel like playing two games in a row. Really good depth, great mechanic reveals, nice music. Great game.
I love this game, it was so well done and builds off what the previous one did without being the same.
Hands down the most enjoyable game I've picked up lately. Definitely more straightforward than Lingo 1 in terms of progression but it's still just as puzzling as always. You feel like you understand the symbols and then you stumble upon 2 new symbols, 3 new areas, and an entire new game mechanic. At some points it feels like the game just never ends, but that just makes hunting down that 100% completion all the more satisfying. 100% recommend to anyone who likes games that make you think.
Is this a rule-discovery puzzle game? A metroidvania? An open world of perpetual psychological torment that will make you crave for the familiarity of euclidian spaces, minimaps, and objective markers? Why, all of the above! There are a handful of rough edges that make some puzzles feel like "guess what I'm thinking," but the game tries its best at guiding you to the intended solutions. So if you like word puzzles and have a decent grasp on the English language, then this game could be really fun for you. [h2]Welcome Back![/h2] This is technically a sequel, but you do not need to have played the first game to enjoy this one. Nor will playing the first one ruin the rule-discovery experience of the second one, as the mechanics are both altered and there are new ones not present in the first game. So gameplay-wise you're still going to experience everything the way it was intended...  ...which is to say, your experience will likely be unique to you. This is a very open-ended game, and where and when you go is entirely up to your unlocks and your understanding of the puzzle rules. There are a few bottlenecks along the journey, but for the most part the map is a spiderweb of choices, which is both great — since you're truly exploring at your own pace and direction — but at the same time it makes it incredibly easy to forget about something you didn't check out, or to think that you can't solve a puzzle with what you already know (even if you can). This means on top of your regular "Come Back Later" moments, there are also "Come Back Sooner" moments, which can be incredibly annoying if you don't have anyone to set you on the right path. [h2]There is always More...[/h2] This game is extremely expansive. While some of my playtime was helping out others with hints, it took me well over 40 hours to reach the credits, and there was still 10+ hours of bonus content to do after that. Similarly to the first game, Lingo ◎  just keeps going and going and going. And it might get even bigger with future updates, which is mad. And yet it does a very good job at spreading the wealth of content it has. There are multiple hubs you can use as fast travel/shortcuts between destinations, and plenty of isolated areas for teaching mechanics or testing your expertise and diligence.  This does come at a cost though. Constantly switching between different levels introduces loading screens between them, which in turn disturb the smooth non-euclidian experience of moving through a tunnel and it not coming out where you'd except. That experience is still there, just occasionally put on hold. I did get used to it pretty quickly, but it was a nuisance in the early-game, especially when I first got stuck and was running around from loading zone to loading zone trying to figure out what I forgot about. [h2]Some Rough Edges[/h2] I enjoyed this game a ton. 50 hours in a week speak for themselves. But it is not without flaws. The first major one are the puzzles. As they get more complex they also get more ambiguous. I don't want to spoil mechanics, but most puzzles are either quick to solve, or trying to guess what the puzzlemaker wanted the solution to be. Sometimes it's you just not seeing the obvious answer, sometimes it's an obscure English word you never heard of before. A good amount of puzzles will have an "Ah-Ha!" moment to them, but you'll remember the ones you struggled to solve despite having a solution that feels perfectly viable. The areas the puzzles are in try their best to remedy that with themes and patterns, but there is only so much that can be done.  The second major one is the map design. Daedalus specifically. You will spend a good chunk of your mid-to-late-game in that area, and my gosh is it frustrating to navigate. It is extremely dense, often enclosed, large walls, and a lot of non-euclidian shenanigans. Furthermore a lot of areas are only enterable from one direction, and only open up after solving some puzzle(s). With so much around it's hard to make a reasonable "map" of the area before it opens up, which means it's extremely cumbersome to try and get to some place if you don 't remember the exact directions. There are some very recognizable tall structures, but you can't use them for orientation or navigation. And most of what is there hits an unfortunately inconvenient balance between being extremely familiar due to the similarities, and unmemorizably unique because of how much variety there is. I rolled credits before I learned to navigate these winding halls, despite spending most of my time in them.  Finally, a minor complaint that is more inconvenient than inconsistent or incoherent. Throughout the game most rooms will require you to solve every single puzzle, or a very specific puzzle to open the way forward. I think it works well with the design of the game, but I definitely found myself often wishing it wasn't the case when I was 1-3 panels away from solving everything in an area.  There are actually not that many cicadas⍣ in the game, so that's great to see. Some small camera jitters near walls and sillier stuff that has little effect on the game. Very smooth experience from the gameplay perspective, which I think is important to say. [h2]And Some Brilliant Puzzles[/h2] I will not be speaking at length on this because I do not want to spoil stuff, but the puzzles are amazing through and through. Yes, frustrating at times, but still phenomenal. Especially once you get into the end-games where the mechanics really kick into gear.  And there is future potential as well! If the game keeps getting updated it can very easily get new mechanics, both simple and complex. I think there is still a lot of hidden potential to be had in the game Ø. But to avoid indirect spoilers, I'll move on to wrapping it up. [h2]The End[/h2] Overall I highly recommend the game. But more than just the game, I recommend joining the game's Discord. There is a lot of helpful people there that will give you a nudge into the right direction whenever you don't know how to proceed. It's perfectly fine to ask for a hint or a hint☀︎ when stuck, and I think this will help you avoid most of the frustrations the game can cause.
The sequel to the best puzzle game ever is now the best puzzle game ever. 10/10 please try this out.
psycho genius game  a worthy successor to lingo 1 and imo better in almost every way  beyond a steal at full price, don't hesitate if you like word puzzles and clever level design 
Lingo series is still shockingly underrated so I thought I might as well put an extra positive review in here for the algorithm. Lingo 1 was a pretty fantastic puzzle game, nearly one of the best I've ever played, and the sequel simply makes it better. I put in 12 hours on day 1 so yeah I would have to say I give this game a strong recommendation
It's like an infinite english test mixed with nonsensical liminal spaces, top notch rule discovery, insane exploration and some of the best environmental puzzles ever made, revolving around knowledge of the entire map, requiring you to remember every spot you cross. This might sound intimidating but the game is designed in the best possible way to make you remember the most important details. It focuses specific memorable keywords to areas that directly remind you of them when necessary, which makes the world extremely interconnected and vivid.  Also if you get the chance, play this game with friends! It makes the experience way more manageable since you don't get stuck into every other puzzle. Two minds are better than one, but still, even a 5 people VC is bound to be stuck into that little word nobody knows. It's the best part really!  Get it if you want to test your english knowledge and spacial awareness and memory lmao, perfect 10/10, one of if not the best puzzle game I've ever seen.
It's like Lingo 1, but far, far more focused on riddles instead of simply learning the rules of wordplay, so if you like piecing together abstract clues in the world to find greater meaning, there's a lot of fun to be had here.  However, unlike Lingo 1, the beginning of this game is very harsh and very linear, which can be off-putting, as you will very often need to find ONE thing in ONE area to make any meaningful progress (for example, I'm currently blocked by one thing and I have no idea where it is, which has me desperately running around the entire map searching for it). Because of this, I would recommend playing Lingo 1 first. It's a lot more open at the start, and both of its levels are a good primer for the challenges this throws at you.
It's more lingo, just bigger and better, amazing puzzles so far. Big recommend even if you didn't play the first game in the series (you should anyway)
it's a lot like lingo, but with a space and then the number 2 at the end
Lingo 2 breaks all boundaries put in place by its predecessor, and in only fantastic ways. It has expansive navigation challenges and tiny huts for a couple of neat, simple puzzles, and everything up, down, and in between.   The game's description undersells it. This game is FAR bigger and more chaotic, the soundtrack is phenomenal with new beats and some reminders of old ones, and more than 100 ways to end up thinking 'wait, how do i get back to that room now?'   The interconnections are clean and immensely satisfying- to find yourself in a new place only to realise it's the same place you just were? The trick pays off every single time, without fail.  Great new game, Brenton!
Really enjoyed this game! Lots of very fun discoveries, and a fun different kind of progression compared to Lingo 1. Excited to see how it develops, I'm sure there'll be more mysteries to find and eventual custom maps to engage with!
After fully finishing this game I can say this is one of the best puzzle games ever made. It constantly asks you to think outside the box and discover so much about the world around you. I can't say that it's perfect and it's far from straightforward, but the sense of discovery is amazing. It's a big improvement on Lingo 1 if anything in that game rubbed you the wrong way a bit. This feels like the same game but made by someone who has all the skill to execute their vision. It's a very good collaborative game, and I recommend playing with friends or significant others as it goes a lot smoother with more brains and voices in the room. The first game has an extensive community of modders and I've put more than 150 hours into that one. I look forward to what they'll do for this game!
Wonderful game, TONE of contents to explore. The way panel works are completely different than lingo 1 but I think it is still better to play lingo 1 first. Some concepts are much easier to grasp with lingo 1 knowledge.  Definitely recommended!
It took Lingo and added even more great stuff, i can't ask for more
It's great. It hurts. It's much more expansive than the first one. The main gimmick is very clever and leads to very neat twists. My brain is fried. And yet I keep going.
Really good sequel to the original game, has all the feature we loved as well as some new ones. Also don't need the knowledge of first game to play this one. This line from another game also fits here: "The end is never the end!", multiple endings with much to discover.  [spoiler] Also personally feel like the rhymes are not too much+ there are extra hints near them, didn't get the first game because I am not the best at rhymes, So that was a very huge plus for me. [/spoiler]   [spoiler] Early game you might notice you have to find letters this really helps narrow down the multiple answers field. Also extra hint for multi-answers where ever possible[/spoiler]
This game is art. One of the best puzzle games in recent memory. A steal, even at full price.
Great game that expands on the idea of the original. I felt the new twist and emphasis on exploration early made it more rewarding when you could progress either through gaining knowledge or gaining abilities.
Get lost in the maze of words and walls, discover new things, broaden your word puzzle mind. It's good.
I very very rarely write reviews but I have to write one for this game.   It has been a long time since I've been so engrossed by a puzzle game. This game is an ever telescoping kaleidoscope of fun, challenging, brain busting puzzles. I've sort of been consistently amazed at how whenever I feel like I hit a wall, I'll go explore elsewhere and whole possibilities and areas open up. This is a DECEPTIVE game and it's scope is extremely deceptive. There are areas within areas within areas. It's extremely clever and while I'm frankly nowhere near the very end, I have been having more fun with this game than any I've played in a long long time. This deserves way more attention than it's getting.   I sort of bounced off the first one, but this sequel is outstanding. Love it.
It's just fantastic. It takes everything great about the first game and amplifies it. I have some qualms with the world lay-out, making it a little too difficult to get around sometimes but the moment to moment puzzles are fantastic. Can't recommend enough
I absolutely loved Lingo 1, and I wasn't sure how Brenton would make a sequel. Safe to say, while the word puzzles are very similar, there are new mechanics in Lingo 2 that make it much different from the first game, and a worthy sequel. The puzzles in this game are beautiful, and there are many layers to unfold as you go through the game. While different in structure and pace from Lingo 1, anyone who enjoys word puzzles and environmental puzzles needs to play this game.
Amazing word puzzles, lots of rule discovery. Best experienced without any guides. Just beat the game, but it seems like there is sooooo much more hidden endgame secrets.
It's a good game that builds on top of the original Lingo. You don't need Lingo 1 knowledge to really play the game but if you do, you find that it's almost the same except the colors are replaced with symbols. The symbols feel much better than the color-based rule system since it's friendly to the colorblind. The rules take some time getting used to, especially when they start introducing chained and layered symbols. My only problem with the game is that it's not great for extended play periods for me since I get really bad headaches, and it's aggravated by the extreme non-Euclidean nature of the map. Otherwise, it's been really fun and although I still haven't completed it, I hope I can eventually finish this.
The best puzzle game I've had the pleasure of playing, brilliantly creative through and through.
One of the best puzzle game I've ever played.  A massive sprawling labyrinth of interconnected area filled with word puzzles,  Metroidvania elements where collecting new letters are the key to progression.  12+ different endings to unlock, got the first one about 8 hours in, the final one around 45 hours, but had some help along the way from Twitch viewers.  Incredible value for the price.  This game completely absorbed my free time for a week straight.  if English is not your native language you will probably struggle more.  Taking notes while playing is highly recommended to the point of being mandatory if you plan on getting more endings.
Amazing puzzle game, stands up to the first Lingo and expands on it while adding plenty of twists. The level structure is still a maze of non-euclidean nonsense until it all clicks and suddenly you can travel to anywhere on the map just from your knowledge alone. Its a great feeling to not only feel like you're mastering the puzzles but also the game world as well. So many hidden secrets and entire sections, I was finding new rooms to complete right up until the end.   Long story short, if you liked Lingo 1, you will enjoy this. If you like puzzle games, get Lingo 1 and then pick this one up.   Fantastic work Brenton and team, please never make the Double-Sided again
If you've played Lingo, this is right up your ally. Different in some ways but very familiar.
Not as good as the original, but still a really fun word game, and well worth the buy. I like a lot of the new mechanics and how they shook up the "Lingo Formula".
Persistently clever word puzzles and ingenious non-linear level design, [i]Lingo 2[/i] has quickly become an all-time favourite.   The way you gain knowledge of the mechanics at play, layer by layer, deftly threaded in a web of a interconnected world, via portals, non-euclidean geometry, and [i]Super Mario 64[/i] style paintings; leads you on breadcrumbs so perfect they feel impossible. Even if you may not immediately resonate with a puzzle's solution, upon solving it, everything makes so much sense you almost feel silly for not noticing earlier.   I also love how much mileage the game gets out of the space it uses. Being as open and windy as it could be, the easy option would be to have long corridors of puzzles that go in one direction, gradually increasing in difficulty until you reach the end and unlock another corridor. [i]Lingo 2[/i] basically never does this, and even when it appears that it does, there is more going on under the surface. There are almost always at least two different paths crossing over one another, silent or loud. Given this, you are constantly passing by inaccessible places or unsolvable puzzles, a steady stream of internal notes to take (or notepad file to update), such as "ah, OK, I'll have to come back to this puzzle once I have the letter J" or "this purple cube in the middle of the hedges looks curious, I'll come back to it later".   As handy as taking notes is, the world does a great job at remaining distinct enough to be memorable, despite its minimalist style. Not only that but the level design subtly nudges you in directions to make organic discoveries about the world that train you to better navigate it. Even at the end of what seemed like a self-isolated section, where, upon completion, you may think won't have a relation to the rest of the world, you will be plopped out somewhere familiar and have an "a-ha" moment of recontextualising your surroundings.   My favourite example of this so far is a section called The Unyielding, [spoiler]where you arrive and there are a two paths to take, which then lead to their own rabbit holes that branch into these claustrophobic rooms filled with puzzles. You go about solving each branch and as you do some of them the walls around you recede into the ground revealing more puzzles. Many non-euclidean tunnels and dozens of puzzles later you eventually recede so many walls that all those claustrophobic rooms are revealed to be shoulder to shoulder to each other, even though your brain would never picture them that way, and you are left with a field of solved puzzles, revealing clue fragments to solve one large meta puzzle.[/spoiler] The satisfaction of completing the area was only rivalled by my admiration for the undertaking and ingenuity of designing the environment.  [i]Lingo 2[/i] becomes so much more than word puzzles as you play. Navigating the environment is a puzzle, knowing what solving a puzzle does for you is a puzzle, understanding what to do next is a puzzle, and more quirks that I don't want to spoil! So much of what makes this game great is organic discovery. This is also coming from someone who hasn't seen all there is to see. This game is HUGE, there is so much to do. Off the top of my head I can remember at least 5 loose ends I have to chase up, each I'm sure have their own hydra heads to chop and rabbit holes to follow. Even then, if you find yourself at a dead end, there is an excellent in-built hint hub to point you in the right direction, often with cute mini dioramas of the location or mechanic you need to progress.  As someone who liked [i]Lingo 1[/i] but never clicked with all the colours and heights system, I appreciate the symbols system in [i]Lingo 2[/i] a lot more for its clarity, it feels a lot more approachable and malleable, with many symbols compounding together being more intuitive also. Even if you have never played [i]Lingo 1[/i], this is an excellent place to start, and, at least for me, is way more well-rounded and enjoyable experience to explore and get lost with.   If you liked this game's non-euclidean geometry and non-linear exploration, I recommend [url=https://store.steampowered.com/app/219890/Antichamber/][i]Antichamber[/i][/url] for its similar puzzlebox bliss of submerging yourself in a uniquely creative experience.  If you liked this game's knowledge gates and free exploration, I recommend [url=https://store.steampowered.com/app/1141580/Taiji/][i]Taiji[/i][/url], a Witness-like with a dense world of puzzles, non-linear exploration, and plenty of secrets to find.
링고 속에서 나는 언제나 학생이다. 배운다는 행위의 즐거움을 다시금 깨닫게 된다.
Absolutely phenomenal word puzzle/rule discovery game, just like the first one.
An amazing experience, all the charm of Lingo but feels fresh and new. The challenges were perfect, and a great mix of exploration, puzzles, and wordplay. Would nearly recommend new players play this before Lingo 1. At the moment this is my game of the year for 2025!
Lingo 2 is an improvement over Lingo 1 in almost every way. I enjoyed the puzzles more. I enjoyed the rules discovery more. I enjoyed the reveals more. I enjoyed the music more. Lingo 2 keeps you exploring for hours. You will forget everything at some point because the game just keeps going. It's overwhelming-but not impossible. The game will subtly guide you in the right direction most of the time, ramping up in difficulty as you progress and only as you progress. Lingo 2 plays hard, but it also plays fair. You will get stuck, but eventually you will prevail. For those of you not looking for too hard of a challenge, you can seek enjoyment out of the main game content. But for those of you seeking a wonderful and challenging word puzzle experience? You should have already bought this game. It's the best of the best. After 44 hours I still wish this game went on longer. I look forward to content updates in the future. 9.6/10
This is a pretty good sequel.   Lingo 2 is different enough from the first game and leaves much more room to be expanded upon in my opinion. It does seem to lose most of the ridiculous emergent complexity; progress is more or less gated by exploration rather than knowledge of the game's mechanics.   Also the game is enormous, but I think it ends up being easier to 100% than the first game since most of the secrets aren't as obscured. It's not like you need to 100% games to have a good time, even though I am doing that.
If you liked Lingo 1, this is largely more of the same and you will most likely enjoy it.  If you didn't play Lingo 1, this mixes word puzzles with non-euclidean geometry, where space doesn't work out how you expect. You can turn right five times in a row and end up somewhere different, or going backwards might not return you to where you were. Similar to games like Antichamber if you played that. It is very easy to get lost and very easy to not know how to get somewhere you've been before, so if that frustrates you, maybe wait until people make maps for the game. The puzzles will also be much much harder if you aren't a native English speaker, sometimes requiring obscure words or accurate pronunciation to solve.  If you didn't like Lingo 1, and it was for movement related reasons, you won't like this either. But if the puzzles in Lingo 1 were the problem, in Lingo 2, they are much clearer. If you hated Purple in Lingo 1, that's not a thing anymore. Even Yellow is rare, and only in the easiest form. There are a lot of interesting new rules and many more multi-step puzzles. Maybe give it a shot.
Amazing puzzle game, Its taking me and 2 of my friends and a generous helping of ChatGPT to make it through this game. ChatGPT is NOT necessary, we are just extremely stupid and not smart.  If you like word puzzles then this is THE game.
Sequel to one of the absolute best puzzle games I've ever played, this game takes the first game and turns everything up a notch. The initial scavenger-hunt mechanic can be a bit hit or miss but the rule discovery part is in my opinion vastly improved from the first game with a (somehow) even less restrictive system that makes me very hyped to see what modders will come up with in the future.  If you're completely new to Lingo I'd suggest you start with the first game but let it be known that this game is pretty much a perfect sequel. Highly recommended.
Great word-based puzzle game. Exploration can be difficult and esoteric and seems to be a larger part of the game than in Lingo 1.
It was a solid 48-49 hours before I was able to (to my knowledge) 100% the game. So many different places to unlock and goals to achieve - just when you think you've found something, ten more things unlock. Once you think you've fully explored an area, you find that there's something you haven't done or a way to reapproach it with further knowledge. Nothing is as it seems, and because of that, this game is such an amazing experience.
I played quite a bit of the first Lingo (I think I ended up with ~2/3rds of the achievements?) I think this game is a clear improvement, with the caveat that some of the ways in which it's improved may put off fans of the original.  At a base level, it is so much easier to tell where you are in the world. In the first game, even after beating quite a bit of it I still found myself constantly lost and struggling to remember how to get back to areas just to check if maybe something new had opened up. In Lingo 2, different locations have very different looks - the walls/ceiling are colored differently, the shading is different, the music track changes, and it even gives a label for the area you're in in the pause menu. The extra amount of teleportation hubs, shortcuts, and etc makes navigation even easier.  A few negative reviews have mentioned the letter hunt mechanic as ruining the exploration feel of the first game for them, but in my opinion the direction the letter hunt (plus hint hub you can find quite early) gives the game is absolutely worth the tradeoff. In the original Lingo I often found myself aimlessly wandering hoping to find a new path or something that had opened up with no knowledge of what I was even looking for, and to me that was absolutely a worse experience.  Overall though I haven't finished the game I feel totally safe recommending Lingo 2 for anyone who enjoys puzzle games and/or metroidvanias. It's a very fun take on the genre that retains a lot of what makes the original fun while getting rid of the worst of the friction.  Edit: I've now 100%ed this game, using a guide to find a few of the last bits. There is SO MUCH to do and a lot of the puzzles are excellent (there is one symbol in particular that I think is the most fun thing in any of the two games). I do have one particular complaint, which is that the problem from the first game somewhat returns - there are a couple of cases where you have to return to a previously completely cleared area and something new will be there. Through most of the game there are enough hints to know "oh I should return to X" but near the end, there were a couple of cases where I simply had no idea that something new had unlocked in a completely different room until I was browsing through a guide hinting at the endings. Still an improvement over the original in almost all ways and I don't regret 100%ing it at all
Lingo 1 was a masterpiece of a puzzle game, and Lingo 2 continues that trend. Much much more content than I expected at release, and I'm still lighting my braincells on fire trying to solve stuff in the later parts of the game! Give it a try, it's amazing!
If you thought lingo 1 was peak you aren't ready for lingo 2. Although an abundance of custom maps expand on the idea, lingo 1 had limited ways to mix up the formula. But with the new 'glyph' system in Lingo 2, it allows for way more variety of puzzles. In general I prefer the Lingo 2 puzzles as well. Where lingo 1 had some 'interesting' puzzles that felt mildly unfair, every puzzle in lingo 2 so far have felt fair (presuming you found the tutorial area ahead of time). Lingo 2's map is also easier to explore allowing for smoother puzzle solving.  My only issue in this game is how un-smooth some of the teleports are. In Lingo 1, teleporting to different locations was always confusing, as you didn't always know when you teleport which I enjoyed. In lingo 2, whenever you teleport to a new area the game stutters ruining some emersion. This issue is so mild so overall is doesn't impact the experience. The third game I would genuinely give a 10/10 (others being Lingo 1 and Binding of Isaac)
Multiple endings? Check. Mind bending challenges? Check. Learn by doing? Check. Cute mascot? Eh, debatable, but the smiley face is kind of a mascot. Long boring grind for EXP? Nope.
Greater sequel to a great game, keeps a lot of what made Lingo 1 good while also being far more developed in terms of music, gameplay, and mystery. Definitely recommend if you're a fan of word puzzles and even general puzzle games. No knowledge of the first game is required either, besides recognizing some inside jokes from the community :)
If you've played Lingo 1, you either loved its level 1 and hated its level 2, or vice versa. Level 1 focuses too much on navigation puzzles while level 2 focuses too much on the text puzzles.  I am so happy to say that Lingo 2 managed to bridge the gap. I was skeptical at first, since I didn't like any of L1's navigation puzzles at all, but, I thoroughly enjoyed L2's except for a few here and there that were easy to brute force anyways. The worst by far is [spoiler] the dark blue, eye painting mansion [/spoiler] but most others are not mandatory for progression.  However, if you're looking for more elaborate puzzle mechanic depth with this title, sadly, i'd recommend you go play (certain) Lingo 1 custom maps. While L2 does have interesting mechanics it simply lacks the depth that L1 had. Still, I can't deny there are some fun mechanics, and some really funny quirks of how the systems work (like in the repetitive), but also some huge flops. I can think of 3 mechanics off the top of my head that never should've made it out of their tutorial rooms, namely, [spoiler] hollow X, slashed O, and weird boomerangs [/spoiler] . However, take it from someone who loves the panel puzzle aspects- I still enjoyed this!  Verdict: Great game. Whether you're in it for the navigation puzzles or in it for the panel puzzles there will be something for you. My advice: If you play, join the discord ASAP. The game is great but some parts are much better if you have access to ask hint that'll be slightly less obtuse than the game's own.  Come back later!
the crack cocaine of puzzle games
Some really great design decisions went into Lingo 2, it's a lot more accessible for newcomers in the early game than Lingo 1 was, but it still manages to expand out into an experience with plenty of depth and confusion as you progress further. When you eventually start struggling or feel lost on where to go next, the game has ways to guide you without outright spoiling the surprise or a-ha factor of new discoveries. Bravo
pros: less confusing map, more interesting tricks, a hint system (sometimes not enough tho), more soundtracks rich content  cons: switching map takes ~1 second for me and is slightly annoying hardware requirement is higher than first. Makes my gtx 1650 80 celcius in some areas. There are graphics settings to ease it though
its lingo but different and with funny little symbols instead of [base mechanics of the first game (play lingo 1 if you havent)], i already got an ending but it feels like ive barely scratched the surface here lol
Played the first one, never finished it but found it incredibly fun. Whether I finish this will be hard to say, especially if it is overall as difficult as the first was, but for now that is not a worry for me. Lingo 2 is an entirely different beast than its predecessor. Whilst some of the initial rules of the game are easy enough to work out from the examples it gives you, it very quickly challenges you to look more at your surroundings and explore in some very creative ways. Am I currently lost with no idea where to head in the game? Yes. But I am having fun being lost, which is not something I expected to say.  The description given by the dev is certainly accurate in that not everyone who liked lingo 1 will necessarily like the changes this game makes (which I will not spoil as it introduces you to the biggest of these straight off the bat), but it does keep the very satisfying realisations of coming to a moment of "Ah ha!" when something just *clicks* for you. An easy recommendation for fans of more cryptic puzzles that don't just hand you a rulebook of what your doing.
Enjoy it after two hours, I haven't beaten Lingo 1 yet, but this one eases you into it more with the new mechanics. Quite challenging already trying to find where to go next.  After 15 hours, I'm starting to get quite addicted now, just one more puzzle. I feel like I might just be scratching the surface of what this game is.  After 18 hours, slowly going insane.
I'm three hours in and loving it just as much, or even more, than the original Lingo. A ton of frustration points from the first game have been smoothed over and refined, and the hallways are delightfully mazelike. Brenton took the best bits from Lingo and expanded on them with the new puzzle mechanics, both in the many word panels, as well as navigating the world that gets steadily more complex the more you play.
While I can really appreciate the value and effort that went into this game, this game isn't really for me. I would like to give this game a 'subjective thumbs down' for personal reasons, but objectively the game is really great and I can see the potential in both this game and the prequel.   The main issue I have with this game (and the prequel) is the fact that I often tend to get motion sickness while playing. I don't know what it is, since I can play fast-paced racing/fps games just fine, but both Lingo 1 and Lingo 2 give me a lot of motion sickness after an hour. I am fully aware that this issue lies with me and this isn't the game's fault at all.
本作与一代相比确实有挺大不同，相较于单词推理，解谜的成分显著增加了。  Lingo的内容量挺大的，推荐给有一定英文基础的解谜爱好者。
Temporary review for The Algorithm:  I thoroughly enjoyed the original Lingo, but had a few qualms that made it difficult to recommend for a more general audience. Brenton has learned a lot since making Lingo and its subsequent levels, and I can safely say that not only has this game gotten rid of all of my issues with the original, but completely surpassed my expectations and become a genuinely wonderful game.  Lingo is at its best when it feels like a slow descent into madness, and this game accomplishes that while also having a very good sense of forward progress. Extreme recommend.
I don't know why I keep buying and playing Lingo when I know I'll just feel bad about it. Lingo 2 suffers from the same problems as Lingo 1. Back in 2023 when I played Lingo, I just shrugged it off as a bloated game. Coming back with Lingo 2, I understood what I felt a bit better.  The Witness is a very quiet game. All the colors were muted versions of themselves, no music, and sound effects took backseat to the ambience of the island. When harsh noises or bright neon colors were used, it was very deliberate and purposeful. This quietness brings about a sense of mindfulness; you had space to reason about the puzzles, but you also had a space outside of the puzzle, wandering around the island, looking back on what you have learned so far, what are the things still unsure about and to reflect on them.  Lingo was made to be very busy. Environments as well as the transitions between them are unpredictable. The game changes landscape constantly, one second you are in the insides of a tree, the next you are moving through a marbled garden, now you are in an black empty void. Every hallway, door, corner is unexpected, the world changes on inputs that are not revealed to you. There's also no delineation between a puzzle that is not yet solvable versus one that needs your utmost attention for knowledge right now and generally it is designed to lose you in its many mazes (seriously so many mazes).  It is really frustrating to play. I would get into a room, see the obvious panels that are tangentially relevant to the area, but then accidentally pass through a door that leads me to a weird temple with pillars. If I try to return through the door, I get spat out into a different area, needing to double back to the room I was in initially. Another hiccup in this sequel particularly, you have a lot of blocked panels for not having the required letter to solve it. Very annoying to think you just discovered some place cool, only to see everything with access-denied red over it, being told to go back and that you are not ready for this place yet. It's also very annoying to check every single area once more to see if a door opened, because as you solve puzzles and gather new letters, randomly new areas just open up and you just have to know to do a for loop through the halls.  There's just no time to ponder and reflect. You are busy looking at environmental clues on the ground, on the walls, when you still have panels and puzzles lingering in your head. You are wandering around, walking into walls, getting back to this certain room to revisit a panel, so you need to spend the mental energy just to even move from here to there. Going into this door, where does this one lead? You have been here before, go back through the same door, you are somewhere else now.  You are taking screenshots, pen to paper, running around, panels to doors to hallways to rooms to puzzles to areas to panels. It's all a bit too much.  Do I think Lingo needs to be like Ultrakill's 1-S, a series of puzzles panels placed in connecting rooms? Of course not, we celebrate Lingo exactly because it is abrasive and chaotic. Being so unruly and experimental, I am genuinely surprised by the ideas in the game from time to time, some really cool ideas here. But it desperately needs quality of life or accessibility, going through the same surprises 50 more times just gets tedious and annoying fast. In Antichamber, you could just teleport to places you are investigating in the pause menu, no need to unlock it through puzzles or to move through a dozen hallways, why not here? I would have loved it if we had more tools to overcome the overwhelming nature of this game. 
Terribly sorry for this, but I'm straight up completely dissappointed with how this game turned out. The music and general visuals are great. They're a gigantic step up from Lingo 1 and they're probably the only part of the game I played that I actually liked. But my god was everything else a complete trainwreck in comparison, and it ALL has to do with the Letter Hunt mechanic that's tacked on the first 4-5 hours or so of gameplay that genuinely feels downright intelligence-insulting at times because "Oh, you know what this panel solves to? Too bad! You can't solve it right now anyway! Why? Because I said so!" and not like how Lingo 1 had it where it felt more like a knowledge checkpoint, aka what yknow, feels actually STANDARD for a puzzle game.  This just... doesn't feel like a puzzle game at all, I'm sorry. The panels themselves feel like they've taken a complete and utter backseat and the first part of the game feels like a walking sim that disguised itself as a puzzle game. I feel... somewhat cheated on by this honestly. I LOVE Lingo 1, it's one of my favorite puzzle games of all time and it's become one of my most played video games in recent years due to custom content keeping the amount of playtime afloat for pretty much infinity. I went into Lingo 2 expecting a similar thing but with a lot more non-euclidean focus and a different puzzle notation format, but what I instead got was a game that apparently does get good, but only after what might be one of the worst puzzle game mechanics I've ever seen. It's hard for me to say it, but I played this game for one session and straight up didn't want to continue. I will continue it of course, cause it is Lingo, and I want to support the developer as much as I can (it's why I made this review in the first place)... But ow. Please, save yourself and whoever else you drag down into this one, and just support the developer by buying you and the aformentioned friend a copy or 2 of Lingo 1. It's a WAY better first impression, and honestly I can guarantee you'll like it way more than this. I'm so sorry, Brenton.
A wonderful word puzzle game and a fitting sequel to the original Lingo.
I haven't played for too long but I can already see it's an improvement to the first game. 1. You actually have to psychically find the letters that you can use for answers. So you can't answer everything right away (and what you can't answer is highlighted in red so it's very clear what you can skip over) 2. Clues for subtracting or adding letters will actually give you the amount of clue icons for how many letters are removed/added. That way you know exactly how large the word has to be.
Amazing progression, great puzzles. Would recommend to anyone who even somewhat enjoys word puzzles.
cool concept, i like the idea of being letter-locked as a restriction instead of just knowledge. Makes the early game easier and harder at the same time.
Absolutely amazing game.   Non linear, builds in difficulty.  Only concern is (playing on the deck) screen burn in from the amount of time I'm thinking on the puzzles, they pop up keyboard has started to leave ghosting on my screen.   Hopefully the developer can come up with a way to prevent hardware damage while playing!  Still highly recommended as one of the smartest games on the market.
Love this game, one of my favourites of all time, I'm sad its over so soon. I was worried I'd miss the rules of Lingo 1 but the new systems are used in some very fun ways. Excited to see what modders can come up with. Highly recommend playing with a friend as its easy to get tunnel vision and overlook important details. So many secrets and hidden details.
improves on almost every single aspect of the original game, which was already an instant classic
I loved the first Lingo so much, so I was excited to see that there was a Lingo 2. And I'm happy to say that it did not disappoint. This takes the original Lingo concept and makes it fresh. Each puzzle is a joy to solve and you feel like a genius every time you discover something new. I feel like I'm learning an entire new language and it works so well. And, all the little nods to the first game are just *chef's kiss*
Not close to done with this but omg!! Keeps everything fun and interesting from the first game and improves on everything else. Great music and environment, and incredible level/game design as always. Definitely get this if you like any sort of puzzle games!
When I found this game I was tired and was looking for something more laid-back yet engaging. This fit the bill perfectly. Even though word puzzles are generally too open-ended for me, this game mitigates that by having a ton of context clues to help solve them, from letter limitations to [SPOILER?] placement of puzzles relative to each other.
If you like rule discovery games, this is one of the best in the genre. It's even better than Lingo 1!
This is one of the best games. Its so smart. Avoid spoilers and just get it without watching to see if its good. It is.
Great first person puzzler. Worth breaking out the thesaurus for.
Masterpiece of an open world puzzle game.  You don't need to play Lingo 1 to enjoy this.
The original Lingo turned out to be one of my favourite puzzle games, and Lingo 2 is turning out to be just as much fun and even more challenging! Loving it!
the solution for x is absolute bullshit, there should not be a painting in the hint for it at all. you also can't expect to get it either by just playing the game. anyways good game. i am enjoying it so far.
Yeah this game is good. Unfortunately I keep forgetting where to go for things so that's on me. Can't wait to see what gets made as custom content
I expected more white hallways but it just gave me hallways of colours. There are so many word panels that trying to fully finish this in one sitting is not recommended (The 20+ hour tagline is not a joke :D).  Pros: - Words - Panels - Symbols - Progressive Lettering is a great addition/change - Small Map, can go anywhere quickly - Music enjoyable enough to leave on loop  Cons: - Game is addictive - Being unable to play it during work  Edit: A mechanic I complained about before was unfair to judge early on, was just not far enough to fully appreciate it.
Lingo 2 is a fresh spin on Lingo that requires no knowledge of its predecessor to play. It pulls from the same well, a word game heavily inspired by The Witness and Antichamber, but has added a unique twist.  Lingo 2 is like Lingo 1 in that it is a world with lots of places to go, lots of fun themes, a plethora of puzzles and a smattering of secrets. Lingo 2 is not like Lingo 1 in that it has an increased focus of interesting navigation that was lost in Level 2 and an overall better feeling environment. The menus are slicker and it is clear that Brenton, the developer, has learned from Lingo's original outing.  I am a huge fan of Lingo 2, but I'm not sure everyone will be. Even people who love the original Lingo. It moves away from the stricter rules and heavy word puzzles to focus on crafting new restrictions on the player that creates a whole new feel.  I may be a biased reviewer as I have sunk quite a bit of time and energy into Lingo, Lingo 2, and their communities but I think Lingo 2 is incredible. And what is so amazing is that it stands alongside Lingo, neither eclipsing nor overshadowing.  Oh yeah, also wanted to say that I highly recommend joining the Lingo Discord for any help you need in solving puzzles and finding secrets.
Play Lingo 1. If you like that this is only okay.  Is this actually fun? I was solving a puzzle where the clue was simply "5 letter vehicle". "Truck" I think instantly. That's wrong. Plane maybe? No. A few minutes later I search it on the internet, because is this really such an interesting question anyways? It really isn't. I was in a pure green pyramid with a bunch of other easy similar puzzles. This puzzle had no interesting relation to the world around it. It was not exploring some new mechanic. It was just another boring puzzle. Most of the game is actually like this.  The letter search mechanic doesn't do anything to make the game better imo. Panels are red if you can't solve them. You can lose letters in certain places, so it introduces this tedious method of reducing any puzzle into an anagram if you want.
Compared to Lingo 1, Lingo 2 is much less janky and much easier to get into. It also comes with a demo, which 🚨 YOU SHOULD PLAY FIRST!! 🚨 The demo's relationship to the main game might intrigue and surprise you.  Whether Lingo 2 is BETTER than Lingo 1 will be the subject of debate for decades to come.
Lingo 2 is an improvement on Lingo 1 in every single way!   I believe people who are here for the word puzzles will find the navigation much easier to conceptualize, people who are here for the mazes won't be disappointed, and people who are here for the memes should name their profile "Icely" to have an eventual surprise ;)  I coded some things for this game, and after beta-testing, I also made a map for the game. I look forward to watching people play the game, and esp. my game ^_^
Very cool sequel. I just wish that mechanic from the symbolic was officially introduced in Lingo 1, lol
Welcome b_ck! Lingo 2 is like Lingo, but you need to get the letters first. It's almost like a metroidvania, with progress not just gated by knowledge, but whether you're even able to solve the puzzles. The rules are fun to discover, with several small tutorial areas for each. There are some sharp difficulty jumps, so you [strike] may[/strike] definitely need a thesaurus. The game feels a lot longer as well, though part of that may just be looking for letters.  Also, the soundtrack is amazing. Overall, good game. Takes more inspiration from games like Antichamber than its predecessor, which isn't a bad thing. 9/10, bring a notebook.
At least as good as the first one.  Buy the game. Write the words.
This is a incredibly good sequel and an insanely good puzzle rule discovery game
Did you like Lingo, the game I consider the Greatest Puzzle Game of All Time?   Well, this is more of that, but bigger, better, and with more than one song in the soundtrack.  https://youtu.be/KOH8lmzLB3k
Simply put, I love this game. It's such a massive level up from what Lingo 1 could do, and I love that. In Lingo 1, you had mechanics represented by colors and heights. That was fine, but some of the heights of said colors felt... unusable, really. Yet, when a color didn't have a height, the community immediately tried to invent one for it, leading to mechanic bloat. Especially considering the recent influx of custom colors (i would know, i've made four of them) and all of THEIR heights. I have no doubt something similar will happen in Lingo 2, but it feels like bliss with the new symbol system. Each symbol only has ONE MECHANIC, whereas almost every color in lingo would have THREE. Despite there being more basegame L2 symbols than basegame L1 colors, there are still so many unsatisfactory mechanics that didn't get ported over, and even some new mechanics that I don't even think any color in Lingo 1 has. Now, for the thing that there seems to be some contention about: the keyboard hunt. I personally really love this feature. It provides some needed spice and a sense of progression to the game that the closest example to this beast of a map, Lingo 1 Level 2, didn't have. In fact, Level 2 felt like I was wandering around aimlessly. When I got stuck on a puzzle, I would leave it and forget I had it. With the new keyboard hunting goal, that still happens, but I'm much more inclined to return to an area if I know there's something there. If I know what the answer to a seemingly important panel is, I can know what my next goal is. If a panel's answer were OVERLY and I only had OERLY, I'd immediately know that I need to find V to solve it, and then I'd start working towards V. This has happened multiple times in the game, and I have no issue whatsoever with it. Also, the Hinterlands are an amazing addition to this game. I wouldn't want to wander around aimlessly trying to find things like I did in Lingo 1, and the Hinterlands provide an amazing solution by telling me where I can and can't go to find letters at the moment. Overall, an excellent game. I highly recommend it. The Steam "recommended" text is such an understatement here.
花了足足50多个小时达成了《Lingo 2》的全收集全成就，玩的还是很开心的。这个游戏简单来说就是“猜单词+猜规则”的机制，可以算是类见证者结合类puzzlehunt谜题的游戏。总体来说，体验上相比于一代是“[b]强化了精华，但也强化了糟粕[/b]”的感受。[b]推荐玩家类型：擅长并喜欢探索，且喜欢类puzzlehunt谜题的玩家[/b]。其他喜欢解谜类的玩家也可以尝试一下，晕3D玩家与路痴谨慎购买。 下面简单总结一下优缺点（优点为+开头，+数量表示个人向的优点程度分，缺点为-开头，-数量表示个人向的缺点程度分） +++ 规则更加具象化。二代将一代的高度+颜色决定规则的模式修改成了更具体的符号规则，更直观且更好理解。 +++ 新增的字母收集要求极大的增加了游戏的目标感。一代就因为目标太模糊导致玩起来比较难受，二代通过收集字母这一主线，驱动玩家进一步探索地图，大大优化了玩家的探索体验。 + 可探索内容大幅度增加。对于探索性玩家来说，这一代能摸索的内容实在是丰富，而且每个小区域都有新鲜感，但可能有点太多了会导致探索起来会比较累，尤其是重复跑图。 - 新增的字母收集要求产生了大量重复跑图流程。由于游戏需要收集字母，因此前期有些题目是做不了的，必须后期集齐相应的字母才能回来补上答案，因此不可避免地增加了重复跑图流程，拖慢了节奏。 -- 答题自由度很低，很多题目必须对上作者脑洞才算对。这是一代就有的毛病了，二代延续了这个问题，好在可以通过游戏内的机制并结合一些puzzlehunt工具来穷举，没一代那么痛苦了。 --- 极其糟糕的地图设计。与一代一样，二代的地图特色依然是无缝传送，这导致探索难度大幅度上涨，一不留神就会迷失在地图中。本来以为二代会减少这种设计，没想到二代反而变本加厉了，再加上一些强制重复跑图的设计，极大的加重了探图的负面感受。
设计水平相比于一代而言有了非常明显的进步，像是学习到了很多社区图的思路，内容很丰富，体验也提升了很多
I was skeptical when i played the demo but the actual game is great. Like its predecessor, it just keeps going when you think you learned it all. It perfectly makes you go insane all over again
SPOILER WARNING FOR BOTH LINGO 1 AND 2   Conflicted on this one for a multitude of reasons- Lingo 2, as a sequel should, tries new things to its benefit and detriment (obviously). At times it feels like it fails more than it succeeds, but when Lingo 2 succeeds, it's pretty damn good. When we starting comparing it to Lingo 1, however, I find that Lingo 2 is... less unique. The metroidvania aspects, combined with a new rendition on the labyrinth-style, non-euclidean map make for what feel like a watered down version of what made Lingo 1 so special, with the word mechanics- while having new and, many times, genuinely really fun and interesting modifiers, feels like there's less "there", despite technically being larger than both Level 1 and Level 2 of Lingo. I 100%'d Lingo 2 in 40 hours. I only did Level 1 of Lingo 1, before dropping it at Level 2 which took 10 hours. Yet somehow, Lingo 1 still felt more dense and consistently interesting- a result of how it paced tutorialization of block positions/colorings/etc.  Obviously, some of this is attributable to the fact that Lingo 2 is a sequel, so of course the main conceit won't be as fresh. But the counterpart to Lingo 2's overworld, Daedalus, I think, proves that it's something more ingrained within how Lingo 2 has chosen to pace itself. It's not particularly clear, for one, when exactly you're supposed to enter it. I think you're supposed to go over it using the pyramid, but apparently some people say that's not intended. The garden to read the pyramid itself is also something that I'm genuinely unsure when I unlocked. A problem which multiplies tenfold in Daed itself, where you have no clue to what end you're doing anything, and everything is everywhere but you can't find anything. The only thing I genuinely remember from Daed is what's immediately out of the colored hallways, and almost nothing else- especially since later on you unlock a staircase which allows you to ceiling hop and literally ignore a good portion of the word puzzles for shortcuts. All of this seems to be further reinforced by it's multiple endings. Lingo 2 is a lot more focused on collectibles, in endings, smiley-faces, letters, and teal letters. But with so many layers of collectibles, there is a lack of focus that should accompany these layers. No indicators or hints for the different endings, vastly different pacings between endings, lack of clarity between if a loose thread you're chasing is a smiley, or an ending, or what. The secrets themselves are interesting, and many times engaging, but there is no consistency. Take Animal Well, where eggs were clearly hidden behind chests, and [REDACTED] were much much more out of the way, it's apparent that the difficulty levels behind a challenge helped indicate what "level of secret/collectible" you were finding. In Lingo 2? You might randomly stumble upon a room that has a few themed challenges that lead to an ending, or 1/4ths of an collectible, or unlocks a shortcut. Daedelus is huge, and cramped, and not a lot of it is actually memorable as a map, except for the individual landmarks themselves. You have no clue what kind of thread you're chasing, and it might underwhelm if you find yourself looking for something specific. This becomes especially a problem when you consider not everyone is going to finish the game with the same progression- where some may find themselves just wanting one ending, all the endings, and maybe just not wanting the collectibles, it gets frustrating not knowing to what end you're doing anything. But, on the other hand. I kind of like the merely vague understanding of what you're doing. Finding a thread and chasing it, especially done through the iffy-ish, sometimes obtuse hints in Hinterland, or as a tangent from looking for a specific letter, *can* be really fun. And certain threads in this game are genuinely outstanding to find when you do, and some of its ideas *do* work really well. The abrasiveness and lack of consistency in many of its puzzles *do* suck, much more than Lingo 1, but when you get to a noteworthy puzzle, I really enjoy going "Wait, that *was* pretty clever". In the best ways, Lingo 2 feels really human. If you're able to put up with some bullshit and abrasiveness in puzzle and level design, and can tolerate more than one actual full-on maze to see some really creative and interesting shit, I do recommend Lingo 2.
Lingo 2 might be billed as the sequel to another game, but hear me out: it is a distinct experience that I think anyone can enjoy, whether you've played the original game for 1000 hours or you've never heard of it before seeing this page. Brenton Wildes has outdone himself on this one. Lingo 2 is bigger. Its world is more complex and beautiful; the endless white hallways are gone, but there's still so much to find. And while the the puzzles are still word puzzles of course, they're completely new and an experienced Lingo player will still have a lot to learn. The soundtrack by Icely gives the game such a mysterious aura and some of the tracks are absolute bops. The coolest thing about Lingo 2 is that it's somehow a Metroidvania; you literally get to traverse a big open world while collecting powerups that incrementally allow you to progress more. This gives it such a different feel from the original game. And that's not even mentioning the other new mechanics and the plethora of secrets, which you'll have to play the game to discover! So with all that said, I highly recommend playing Lingo 2 for yourself. WELCOME BACK!
极强！较前作有着更加丰富的wordplay机制，地图探索引导和路线细节设计。对个人有加分的一个亮点是没有了lingo1的滑脚跑酷设计，在后期跑图时体感非常舒服。
If you think about it, Lingo 2 is like a fish. It cannot contact you via phone or email, in the sense that a ferret should not be contained in a wet cardboard box. Classical physicists still ponder the geological implications of raising exactly two and a half fingers. Vaguely recalling the middle name of your second most recent flight attendant, however, might raise ethical concerns from your orthodontist. Talk to a doctor (who has no more than 3 years of experience) about the invention of the solenoid tomorrow; your mental image of unseasoned popcorn will thank you.  That being said, I very much enjoyed Lingo 1, and found Lingo 2 to be a very entertaining and artful sequel. It feels properly expansive, with unique and in-depth progression design that can be appreciated by anyone. Many of its word puzzles and word-unaffiliated puzzles alike are intriguing and satisfying. Keep in mind that everything necessary to complete the game is taught within itself, so don't go looking up much. Whether you played either Lingo game yet or not, I highly recommend checking out either!
I was originally worried that removing the height/color mechanics that defined the gameplay of the first Lingo would make the sequel less enjoyable, or not give it enough room for creative and clever puzzles. I’m very happy to say that is not the case.   The new symbol-based mechanics are a lot of fun to learn and put together, and the new metroidvania aspect of having to actually find the letters before you can use them also is implemented really well. It makes backtracking feel a lot more rewarding once you come across a puzzle you can now solve that you previously weren’t able to.  There have been a handful of puzzles scattered around that I couldn’t see the logic in, even when I completely understood what the symbols were asking for. Perhaps I just am not thinking outside of the box enough - that was practically a requirement to progress in the first Lingo and it still very much asks that of you here.
Lingo is one of the greatest puzzle games ever made. Lingo 2 is better and achieves the incredible feat of being a faithful sequel while also resetting 90% of player knowledge, allowing new players to approach it.  Both Lingo games are rules-based puzzlers with opaque rules. The main puzzle is figuring out the rules so that you can do the little puzzles. The world itself is also something that you must learn. It is full of portals, shortcuts, and things to return to. Prepare to be baffled, then experience a flash of understanding, only to be lost again a moment later.  Rule number one: Don't forget to smile.
Every single time I thought I was nearing completion of this game, a brand new bomb dropped completely reshaping my understanding of everything I had once thought I had known.
One of the best games I've ever played. And Icely, your soundtrack brings it together so well, forming a phenomenal experience far surpassing its predecessor.
Imagine if a really tricky crossword puzzle was an open world game where you had to slowly collect letters to use. It's a ton of fun and discovering all the secrets makes you feel like a genius. I played it along with a few friends and being able to exchange theories, clues, and answers with each other made the game even more fun. It just keeps going. I have no idea how much more content I have left and I couldn't be more happy about that.  One tip: Don't be afraid to use the hinterlands if you get stuck, they were put in the game for a reason and the least fun part of this game is wandering around aimlessly looking for more letters.
Extremely good word puzzle game. Loved the first, and love the second even more. Both games have seperate rulesets so you can go straight into Lingo 2 if you don't feel like playing two games in a row. Really good depth, great mechanic reveals, nice music. Great game.
I love this game, it was so well done and builds off what the previous one did without being the same.
Hands down the most enjoyable game I've picked up lately. Definitely more straightforward than Lingo 1 in terms of progression but it's still just as puzzling as always. You feel like you understand the symbols and then you stumble upon 2 new symbols, 3 new areas, and an entire new game mechanic. At some points it feels like the game just never ends, but that just makes hunting down that 100% completion all the more satisfying. 100% recommend to anyone who likes games that make you think.
Is this a rule-discovery puzzle game? A metroidvania? An open world of perpetual psychological torment that will make you crave for the familiarity of euclidian spaces, minimaps, and objective markers? Why, all of the above! There are a handful of rough edges that make some puzzles feel like "guess what I'm thinking," but the game tries its best at guiding you to the intended solutions. So if you like word puzzles and have a decent grasp on the English language, then this game could be really fun for you. [h2]Welcome Back![/h2] This is technically a sequel, but you do not need to have played the first game to enjoy this one. Nor will playing the first one ruin the rule-discovery experience of the second one, as the mechanics are both altered and there are new ones not present in the first game. So gameplay-wise you're still going to experience everything the way it was intended...  ...which is to say, your experience will likely be unique to you. This is a very open-ended game, and where and when you go is entirely up to your unlocks and your understanding of the puzzle rules. There are a few bottlenecks along the journey, but for the most part the map is a spiderweb of choices, which is both great — since you're truly exploring at your own pace and direction — but at the same time it makes it incredibly easy to forget about something you didn't check out, or to think that you can't solve a puzzle with what you already know (even if you can). This means on top of your regular "Come Back Later" moments, there are also "Come Back Sooner" moments, which can be incredibly annoying if you don't have anyone to set you on the right path. [h2]There is always More...[/h2] This game is extremely expansive. While some of my playtime was helping out others with hints, it took me well over 40 hours to reach the credits, and there was still 10+ hours of bonus content to do after that. Similarly to the first game, Lingo ◎  just keeps going and going and going. And it might get even bigger with future updates, which is mad. And yet it does a very good job at spreading the wealth of content it has. There are multiple hubs you can use as fast travel/shortcuts between destinations, and plenty of isolated areas for teaching mechanics or testing your expertise and diligence.  This does come at a cost though. Constantly switching between different levels introduces loading screens between them, which in turn disturb the smooth non-euclidian experience of moving through a tunnel and it not coming out where you'd except. That experience is still there, just occasionally put on hold. I did get used to it pretty quickly, but it was a nuisance in the early-game, especially when I first got stuck and was running around from loading zone to loading zone trying to figure out what I forgot about. [h2]Some Rough Edges[/h2] I enjoyed this game a ton. 50 hours in a week speak for themselves. But it is not without flaws. The first major one are the puzzles. As they get more complex they also get more ambiguous. I don't want to spoil mechanics, but most puzzles are either quick to solve, or trying to guess what the puzzlemaker wanted the solution to be. Sometimes it's you just not seeing the obvious answer, sometimes it's an obscure English word you never heard of before. A good amount of puzzles will have an "Ah-Ha!" moment to them, but you'll remember the ones you struggled to solve despite having a solution that feels perfectly viable. The areas the puzzles are in try their best to remedy that with themes and patterns, but there is only so much that can be done.  The second major one is the map design. Daedalus specifically. You will spend a good chunk of your mid-to-late-game in that area, and my gosh is it frustrating to navigate. It is extremely dense, often enclosed, large walls, and a lot of non-euclidian shenanigans. Furthermore a lot of areas are only enterable from one direction, and only open up after solving some puzzle(s). With so much around it's hard to make a reasonable "map" of the area before it opens up, which means it's extremely cumbersome to try and get to some place if you don 't remember the exact directions. There are some very recognizable tall structures, but you can't use them for orientation or navigation. And most of what is there hits an unfortunately inconvenient balance between being extremely familiar due to the similarities, and unmemorizably unique because of how much variety there is. I rolled credits before I learned to navigate these winding halls, despite spending most of my time in them.  Finally, a minor complaint that is more inconvenient than inconsistent or incoherent. Throughout the game most rooms will require you to solve every single puzzle, or a very specific puzzle to open the way forward. I think it works well with the design of the game, but I definitely found myself often wishing it wasn't the case when I was 1-3 panels away from solving everything in an area.  There are actually not that many cicadas⍣ in the game, so that's great to see. Some small camera jitters near walls and sillier stuff that has little effect on the game. Very smooth experience from the gameplay perspective, which I think is important to say. [h2]And Some Brilliant Puzzles[/h2] I will not be speaking at length on this because I do not want to spoil stuff, but the puzzles are amazing through and through. Yes, frustrating at times, but still phenomenal. Especially once you get into the end-games where the mechanics really kick into gear.  And there is future potential as well! If the game keeps getting updated it can very easily get new mechanics, both simple and complex. I think there is still a lot of hidden potential to be had in the game Ø. But to avoid indirect spoilers, I'll move on to wrapping it up. [h2]The End[/h2] Overall I highly recommend the game. But more than just the game, I recommend joining the game's Discord. There is a lot of helpful people there that will give you a nudge into the right direction whenever you don't know how to proceed. It's perfectly fine to ask for a hint or a hint☀︎ when stuck, and I think this will help you avoid most of the frustrations the game can cause.
The sequel to the best puzzle game ever is now the best puzzle game ever. 10/10 please try this out.
psycho genius game  a worthy successor to lingo 1 and imo better in almost every way  beyond a steal at full price, don't hesitate if you like word puzzles and clever level design 
Lingo series is still shockingly underrated so I thought I might as well put an extra positive review in here for the algorithm. Lingo 1 was a pretty fantastic puzzle game, nearly one of the best I've ever played, and the sequel simply makes it better. I put in 12 hours on day 1 so yeah I would have to say I give this game a strong recommendation
It's like an infinite english test mixed with nonsensical liminal spaces, top notch rule discovery, insane exploration and some of the best environmental puzzles ever made, revolving around knowledge of the entire map, requiring you to remember every spot you cross. This might sound intimidating but the game is designed in the best possible way to make you remember the most important details. It focuses specific memorable keywords to areas that directly remind you of them when necessary, which makes the world extremely interconnected and vivid.  Also if you get the chance, play this game with friends! It makes the experience way more manageable since you don't get stuck into every other puzzle. Two minds are better than one, but still, even a 5 people VC is bound to be stuck into that little word nobody knows. It's the best part really!  Get it if you want to test your english knowledge and spacial awareness and memory lmao, perfect 10/10, one of if not the best puzzle game I've ever seen.
It's like Lingo 1, but far, far more focused on riddles instead of simply learning the rules of wordplay, so if you like piecing together abstract clues in the world to find greater meaning, there's a lot of fun to be had here.  However, unlike Lingo 1, the beginning of this game is very harsh and very linear, which can be off-putting, as you will very often need to find ONE thing in ONE area to make any meaningful progress (for example, I'm currently blocked by one thing and I have no idea where it is, which has me desperately running around the entire map searching for it). Because of this, I would recommend playing Lingo 1 first. It's a lot more open at the start, and both of its levels are a good primer for the challenges this throws at you.
It's more lingo, just bigger and better, amazing puzzles so far. Big recommend even if you didn't play the first game in the series (you should anyway)
it's a lot like lingo, but with a space and then the number 2 at the end
Lingo 2 breaks all boundaries put in place by its predecessor, and in only fantastic ways. It has expansive navigation challenges and tiny huts for a couple of neat, simple puzzles, and everything up, down, and in between.   The game's description undersells it. This game is FAR bigger and more chaotic, the soundtrack is phenomenal with new beats and some reminders of old ones, and more than 100 ways to end up thinking 'wait, how do i get back to that room now?'   The interconnections are clean and immensely satisfying- to find yourself in a new place only to realise it's the same place you just were? The trick pays off every single time, without fail.  Great new game, Brenton!
Really enjoyed this game! Lots of very fun discoveries, and a fun different kind of progression compared to Lingo 1. Excited to see how it develops, I'm sure there'll be more mysteries to find and eventual custom maps to engage with!
After fully finishing this game I can say this is one of the best puzzle games ever made. It constantly asks you to think outside the box and discover so much about the world around you. I can't say that it's perfect and it's far from straightforward, but the sense of discovery is amazing. It's a big improvement on Lingo 1 if anything in that game rubbed you the wrong way a bit. This feels like the same game but made by someone who has all the skill to execute their vision. It's a very good collaborative game, and I recommend playing with friends or significant others as it goes a lot smoother with more brains and voices in the room. The first game has an extensive community of modders and I've put more than 150 hours into that one. I look forward to what they'll do for this game!
Wonderful game, TONE of contents to explore. The way panel works are completely different than lingo 1 but I think it is still better to play lingo 1 first. Some concepts are much easier to grasp with lingo 1 knowledge.  Definitely recommended!
It took Lingo and added even more great stuff, i can't ask for more
It's great. It hurts. It's much more expansive than the first one. The main gimmick is very clever and leads to very neat twists. My brain is fried. And yet I keep going.
Really good sequel to the original game, has all the feature we loved as well as some new ones. Also don't need the knowledge of first game to play this one. This line from another game also fits here: "The end is never the end!", multiple endings with much to discover.  [spoiler] Also personally feel like the rhymes are not too much+ there are extra hints near them, didn't get the first game because I am not the best at rhymes, So that was a very huge plus for me. [/spoiler]   [spoiler] Early game you might notice you have to find letters this really helps narrow down the multiple answers field. Also extra hint for multi-answers where ever possible[/spoiler]
This game is art. One of the best puzzle games in recent memory. A steal, even at full price.
Great game that expands on the idea of the original. I felt the new twist and emphasis on exploration early made it more rewarding when you could progress either through gaining knowledge or gaining abilities.
Get lost in the maze of words and walls, discover new things, broaden your word puzzle mind. It's good.
I very very rarely write reviews but I have to write one for this game.   It has been a long time since I've been so engrossed by a puzzle game. This game is an ever telescoping kaleidoscope of fun, challenging, brain busting puzzles. I've sort of been consistently amazed at how whenever I feel like I hit a wall, I'll go explore elsewhere and whole possibilities and areas open up. This is a DECEPTIVE game and it's scope is extremely deceptive. There are areas within areas within areas. It's extremely clever and while I'm frankly nowhere near the very end, I have been having more fun with this game than any I've played in a long long time. This deserves way more attention than it's getting.   I sort of bounced off the first one, but this sequel is outstanding. Love it.
It's just fantastic. It takes everything great about the first game and amplifies it. I have some qualms with the world lay-out, making it a little too difficult to get around sometimes but the moment to moment puzzles are fantastic. Can't recommend enough
I absolutely loved Lingo 1, and I wasn't sure how Brenton would make a sequel. Safe to say, while the word puzzles are very similar, there are new mechanics in Lingo 2 that make it much different from the first game, and a worthy sequel. The puzzles in this game are beautiful, and there are many layers to unfold as you go through the game. While different in structure and pace from Lingo 1, anyone who enjoys word puzzles and environmental puzzles needs to play this game.
Amazing word puzzles, lots of rule discovery. Best experienced without any guides. Just beat the game, but it seems like there is sooooo much more hidden endgame secrets.
It's a good game that builds on top of the original Lingo. You don't need Lingo 1 knowledge to really play the game but if you do, you find that it's almost the same except the colors are replaced with symbols. The symbols feel much better than the color-based rule system since it's friendly to the colorblind. The rules take some time getting used to, especially when they start introducing chained and layered symbols. My only problem with the game is that it's not great for extended play periods for me since I get really bad headaches, and it's aggravated by the extreme non-Euclidean nature of the map. Otherwise, it's been really fun and although I still haven't completed it, I hope I can eventually finish this.
The best puzzle game I've had the pleasure of playing, brilliantly creative through and through.
One of the best puzzle game I've ever played.  A massive sprawling labyrinth of interconnected area filled with word puzzles,  Metroidvania elements where collecting new letters are the key to progression.  12+ different endings to unlock, got the first one about 8 hours in, the final one around 45 hours, but had some help along the way from Twitch viewers.  Incredible value for the price.  This game completely absorbed my free time for a week straight.  if English is not your native language you will probably struggle more.  Taking notes while playing is highly recommended to the point of being mandatory if you plan on getting more endings.
Amazing puzzle game, stands up to the first Lingo and expands on it while adding plenty of twists. The level structure is still a maze of non-euclidean nonsense until it all clicks and suddenly you can travel to anywhere on the map just from your knowledge alone. Its a great feeling to not only feel like you're mastering the puzzles but also the game world as well. So many hidden secrets and entire sections, I was finding new rooms to complete right up until the end.   Long story short, if you liked Lingo 1, you will enjoy this. If you like puzzle games, get Lingo 1 and then pick this one up.   Fantastic work Brenton and team, please never make the Double-Sided again
If you've played Lingo, this is right up your ally. Different in some ways but very familiar.
Not as good as the original, but still a really fun word game, and well worth the buy. I like a lot of the new mechanics and how they shook up the "Lingo Formula".
Persistently clever word puzzles and ingenious non-linear level design, [i]Lingo 2[/i] has quickly become an all-time favourite.   The way you gain knowledge of the mechanics at play, layer by layer, deftly threaded in a web of a interconnected world, via portals, non-euclidean geometry, and [i]Super Mario 64[/i] style paintings; leads you on breadcrumbs so perfect they feel impossible. Even if you may not immediately resonate with a puzzle's solution, upon solving it, everything makes so much sense you almost feel silly for not noticing earlier.   I also love how much mileage the game gets out of the space it uses. Being as open and windy as it could be, the easy option would be to have long corridors of puzzles that go in one direction, gradually increasing in difficulty until you reach the end and unlock another corridor. [i]Lingo 2[/i] basically never does this, and even when it appears that it does, there is more going on under the surface. There are almost always at least two different paths crossing over one another, silent or loud. Given this, you are constantly passing by inaccessible places or unsolvable puzzles, a steady stream of internal notes to take (or notepad file to update), such as "ah, OK, I'll have to come back to this puzzle once I have the letter J" or "this purple cube in the middle of the hedges looks curious, I'll come back to it later".   As handy as taking notes is, the world does a great job at remaining distinct enough to be memorable, despite its minimalist style. Not only that but the level design subtly nudges you in directions to make organic discoveries about the world that train you to better navigate it. Even at the end of what seemed like a self-isolated section, where, upon completion, you may think won't have a relation to the rest of the world, you will be plopped out somewhere familiar and have an "a-ha" moment of recontextualising your surroundings.   My favourite example of this so far is a section called The Unyielding, [spoiler]where you arrive and there are a two paths to take, which then lead to their own rabbit holes that branch into these claustrophobic rooms filled with puzzles. You go about solving each branch and as you do some of them the walls around you recede into the ground revealing more puzzles. Many non-euclidean tunnels and dozens of puzzles later you eventually recede so many walls that all those claustrophobic rooms are revealed to be shoulder to shoulder to each other, even though your brain would never picture them that way, and you are left with a field of solved puzzles, revealing clue fragments to solve one large meta puzzle.[/spoiler] The satisfaction of completing the area was only rivalled by my admiration for the undertaking and ingenuity of designing the environment.  [i]Lingo 2[/i] becomes so much more than word puzzles as you play. Navigating the environment is a puzzle, knowing what solving a puzzle does for you is a puzzle, understanding what to do next is a puzzle, and more quirks that I don't want to spoil! So much of what makes this game great is organic discovery. This is also coming from someone who hasn't seen all there is to see. This game is HUGE, there is so much to do. Off the top of my head I can remember at least 5 loose ends I have to chase up, each I'm sure have their own hydra heads to chop and rabbit holes to follow. Even then, if you find yourself at a dead end, there is an excellent in-built hint hub to point you in the right direction, often with cute mini dioramas of the location or mechanic you need to progress.  As someone who liked [i]Lingo 1[/i] but never clicked with all the colours and heights system, I appreciate the symbols system in [i]Lingo 2[/i] a lot more for its clarity, it feels a lot more approachable and malleable, with many symbols compounding together being more intuitive also. Even if you have never played [i]Lingo 1[/i], this is an excellent place to start, and, at least for me, is way more well-rounded and enjoyable experience to explore and get lost with.   If you liked this game's non-euclidean geometry and non-linear exploration, I recommend [url=https://store.steampowered.com/app/219890/Antichamber/][i]Antichamber[/i][/url] for its similar puzzlebox bliss of submerging yourself in a uniquely creative experience.  If you liked this game's knowledge gates and free exploration, I recommend [url=https://store.steampowered.com/app/1141580/Taiji/][i]Taiji[/i][/url], a Witness-like with a dense world of puzzles, non-linear exploration, and plenty of secrets to find.
링고 속에서 나는 언제나 학생이다. 배운다는 행위의 즐거움을 다시금 깨닫게 된다.
Absolutely phenomenal word puzzle/rule discovery game, just like the first one.
An amazing experience, all the charm of Lingo but feels fresh and new. The challenges were perfect, and a great mix of exploration, puzzles, and wordplay. Would nearly recommend new players play this before Lingo 1. At the moment this is my game of the year for 2025!
Lingo 2 is an improvement over Lingo 1 in almost every way. I enjoyed the puzzles more. I enjoyed the rules discovery more. I enjoyed the reveals more. I enjoyed the music more. Lingo 2 keeps you exploring for hours. You will forget everything at some point because the game just keeps going. It's overwhelming-but not impossible. The game will subtly guide you in the right direction most of the time, ramping up in difficulty as you progress and only as you progress. Lingo 2 plays hard, but it also plays fair. You will get stuck, but eventually you will prevail. For those of you not looking for too hard of a challenge, you can seek enjoyment out of the main game content. But for those of you seeking a wonderful and challenging word puzzle experience? You should have already bought this game. It's the best of the best. After 44 hours I still wish this game went on longer. I look forward to content updates in the future. 9.6/10
This is a pretty good sequel.   Lingo 2 is different enough from the first game and leaves much more room to be expanded upon in my opinion. It does seem to lose most of the ridiculous emergent complexity; progress is more or less gated by exploration rather than knowledge of the game's mechanics.   Also the game is enormous, but I think it ends up being easier to 100% than the first game since most of the secrets aren't as obscured. It's not like you need to 100% games to have a good time, even though I am doing that.
If you liked Lingo 1, this is largely more of the same and you will most likely enjoy it.  If you didn't play Lingo 1, this mixes word puzzles with non-euclidean geometry, where space doesn't work out how you expect. You can turn right five times in a row and end up somewhere different, or going backwards might not return you to where you were. Similar to games like Antichamber if you played that. It is very easy to get lost and very easy to not know how to get somewhere you've been before, so if that frustrates you, maybe wait until people make maps for the game. The puzzles will also be much much harder if you aren't a native English speaker, sometimes requiring obscure words or accurate pronunciation to solve.  If you didn't like Lingo 1, and it was for movement related reasons, you won't like this either. But if the puzzles in Lingo 1 were the problem, in Lingo 2, they are much clearer. If you hated Purple in Lingo 1, that's not a thing anymore. Even Yellow is rare, and only in the easiest form. There are a lot of interesting new rules and many more multi-step puzzles. Maybe give it a shot.
Amazing puzzle game, Its taking me and 2 of my friends and a generous helping of ChatGPT to make it through this game. ChatGPT is NOT necessary, we are just extremely stupid and not smart.  If you like word puzzles then this is THE game.
Sequel to one of the absolute best puzzle games I've ever played, this game takes the first game and turns everything up a notch. The initial scavenger-hunt mechanic can be a bit hit or miss but the rule discovery part is in my opinion vastly improved from the first game with a (somehow) even less restrictive system that makes me very hyped to see what modders will come up with in the future.  If you're completely new to Lingo I'd suggest you start with the first game but let it be known that this game is pretty much a perfect sequel. Highly recommended.
Great word-based puzzle game. Exploration can be difficult and esoteric and seems to be a larger part of the game than in Lingo 1.
It was a solid 48-49 hours before I was able to (to my knowledge) 100% the game. So many different places to unlock and goals to achieve - just when you think you've found something, ten more things unlock. Once you think you've fully explored an area, you find that there's something you haven't done or a way to reapproach it with further knowledge. Nothing is as it seems, and because of that, this game is such an amazing experience.
I played quite a bit of the first Lingo (I think I ended up with ~2/3rds of the achievements?) I think this game is a clear improvement, with the caveat that some of the ways in which it's improved may put off fans of the original.  At a base level, it is so much easier to tell where you are in the world. In the first game, even after beating quite a bit of it I still found myself constantly lost and struggling to remember how to get back to areas just to check if maybe something new had opened up. In Lingo 2, different locations have very different looks - the walls/ceiling are colored differently, the shading is different, the music track changes, and it even gives a label for the area you're in in the pause menu. The extra amount of teleportation hubs, shortcuts, and etc makes navigation even easier.  A few negative reviews have mentioned the letter hunt mechanic as ruining the exploration feel of the first game for them, but in my opinion the direction the letter hunt (plus hint hub you can find quite early) gives the game is absolutely worth the tradeoff. In the original Lingo I often found myself aimlessly wandering hoping to find a new path or something that had opened up with no knowledge of what I was even looking for, and to me that was absolutely a worse experience.  Overall though I haven't finished the game I feel totally safe recommending Lingo 2 for anyone who enjoys puzzle games and/or metroidvanias. It's a very fun take on the genre that retains a lot of what makes the original fun while getting rid of the worst of the friction.  Edit: I've now 100%ed this game, using a guide to find a few of the last bits. There is SO MUCH to do and a lot of the puzzles are excellent (there is one symbol in particular that I think is the most fun thing in any of the two games). I do have one particular complaint, which is that the problem from the first game somewhat returns - there are a couple of cases where you have to return to a previously completely cleared area and something new will be there. Through most of the game there are enough hints to know "oh I should return to X" but near the end, there were a couple of cases where I simply had no idea that something new had unlocked in a completely different room until I was browsing through a guide hinting at the endings. Still an improvement over the original in almost all ways and I don't regret 100%ing it at all
Lingo 1 was a masterpiece of a puzzle game, and Lingo 2 continues that trend. Much much more content than I expected at release, and I'm still lighting my braincells on fire trying to solve stuff in the later parts of the game! Give it a try, it's amazing!
If you thought lingo 1 was peak you aren't ready for lingo 2. Although an abundance of custom maps expand on the idea, lingo 1 had limited ways to mix up the formula. But with the new 'glyph' system in Lingo 2, it allows for way more variety of puzzles. In general I prefer the Lingo 2 puzzles as well. Where lingo 1 had some 'interesting' puzzles that felt mildly unfair, every puzzle in lingo 2 so far have felt fair (presuming you found the tutorial area ahead of time). Lingo 2's map is also easier to explore allowing for smoother puzzle solving.  My only issue in this game is how un-smooth some of the teleports are. In Lingo 1, teleporting to different locations was always confusing, as you didn't always know when you teleport which I enjoyed. In lingo 2, whenever you teleport to a new area the game stutters ruining some emersion. This issue is so mild so overall is doesn't impact the experience. The third game I would genuinely give a 10/10 (others being Lingo 1 and Binding of Isaac)
Multiple endings? Check. Mind bending challenges? Check. Learn by doing? Check. Cute mascot? Eh, debatable, but the smiley face is kind of a mascot. Long boring grind for EXP? Nope.
Greater sequel to a great game, keeps a lot of what made Lingo 1 good while also being far more developed in terms of music, gameplay, and mystery. Definitely recommend if you're a fan of word puzzles and even general puzzle games. No knowledge of the first game is required either, besides recognizing some inside jokes from the community :)
If you've played Lingo 1, you either loved its level 1 and hated its level 2, or vice versa. Level 1 focuses too much on navigation puzzles while level 2 focuses too much on the text puzzles.  I am so happy to say that Lingo 2 managed to bridge the gap. I was skeptical at first, since I didn't like any of L1's navigation puzzles at all, but, I thoroughly enjoyed L2's except for a few here and there that were easy to brute force anyways. The worst by far is [spoiler] the dark blue, eye painting mansion [/spoiler] but most others are not mandatory for progression.  However, if you're looking for more elaborate puzzle mechanic depth with this title, sadly, i'd recommend you go play (certain) Lingo 1 custom maps. While L2 does have interesting mechanics it simply lacks the depth that L1 had. Still, I can't deny there are some fun mechanics, and some really funny quirks of how the systems work (like in the repetitive), but also some huge flops. I can think of 3 mechanics off the top of my head that never should've made it out of their tutorial rooms, namely, [spoiler] hollow X, slashed O, and weird boomerangs [/spoiler] . However, take it from someone who loves the panel puzzle aspects- I still enjoyed this!  Verdict: Great game. Whether you're in it for the navigation puzzles or in it for the panel puzzles there will be something for you. My advice: If you play, join the discord ASAP. The game is great but some parts are much better if you have access to ask hint that'll be slightly less obtuse than the game's own.  Come back later!
the crack cocaine of puzzle games
Some really great design decisions went into Lingo 2, it's a lot more accessible for newcomers in the early game than Lingo 1 was, but it still manages to expand out into an experience with plenty of depth and confusion as you progress further. When you eventually start struggling or feel lost on where to go next, the game has ways to guide you without outright spoiling the surprise or a-ha factor of new discoveries. Bravo
pros: less confusing map, more interesting tricks, a hint system (sometimes not enough tho), more soundtracks rich content  cons: switching map takes ~1 second for me and is slightly annoying hardware requirement is higher than first. Makes my gtx 1650 80 celcius in some areas. There are graphics settings to ease it though
its lingo but different and with funny little symbols instead of [base mechanics of the first game (play lingo 1 if you havent)], i already got an ending but it feels like ive barely scratched the surface here lol
Played the first one, never finished it but found it incredibly fun. Whether I finish this will be hard to say, especially if it is overall as difficult as the first was, but for now that is not a worry for me. Lingo 2 is an entirely different beast than its predecessor. Whilst some of the initial rules of the game are easy enough to work out from the examples it gives you, it very quickly challenges you to look more at your surroundings and explore in some very creative ways. Am I currently lost with no idea where to head in the game? Yes. But I am having fun being lost, which is not something I expected to say.  The description given by the dev is certainly accurate in that not everyone who liked lingo 1 will necessarily like the changes this game makes (which I will not spoil as it introduces you to the biggest of these straight off the bat), but it does keep the very satisfying realisations of coming to a moment of "Ah ha!" when something just *clicks* for you. An easy recommendation for fans of more cryptic puzzles that don't just hand you a rulebook of what your doing.
Enjoy it after two hours, I haven't beaten Lingo 1 yet, but this one eases you into it more with the new mechanics. Quite challenging already trying to find where to go next.  After 15 hours, I'm starting to get quite addicted now, just one more puzzle. I feel like I might just be scratching the surface of what this game is.  After 18 hours, slowly going insane.
I'm three hours in and loving it just as much, or even more, than the original Lingo. A ton of frustration points from the first game have been smoothed over and refined, and the hallways are delightfully mazelike. Brenton took the best bits from Lingo and expanded on them with the new puzzle mechanics, both in the many word panels, as well as navigating the world that gets steadily more complex the more you play.
While I can really appreciate the value and effort that went into this game, this game isn't really for me. I would like to give this game a 'subjective thumbs down' for personal reasons, but objectively the game is really great and I can see the potential in both this game and the prequel.   The main issue I have with this game (and the prequel) is the fact that I often tend to get motion sickness while playing. I don't know what it is, since I can play fast-paced racing/fps games just fine, but both Lingo 1 and Lingo 2 give me a lot of motion sickness after an hour. I am fully aware that this issue lies with me and this isn't the game's fault at all.
本作与一代相比确实有挺大不同，相较于单词推理，解谜的成分显著增加了。  Lingo的内容量挺大的，推荐给有一定英文基础的解谜爱好者。
Temporary review for The Algorithm:  I thoroughly enjoyed the original Lingo, but had a few qualms that made it difficult to recommend for a more general audience. Brenton has learned a lot since making Lingo and its subsequent levels, and I can safely say that not only has this game gotten rid of all of my issues with the original, but completely surpassed my expectations and become a genuinely wonderful game.  Lingo is at its best when it feels like a slow descent into madness, and this game accomplishes that while also having a very good sense of forward progress. Extreme recommend.
I don't know why I keep buying and playing Lingo when I know I'll just feel bad about it. Lingo 2 suffers from the same problems as Lingo 1. Back in 2023 when I played Lingo, I just shrugged it off as a bloated game. Coming back with Lingo 2, I understood what I felt a bit better.  The Witness is a very quiet game. All the colors were muted versions of themselves, no music, and sound effects took backseat to the ambience of the island. When harsh noises or bright neon colors were used, it was very deliberate and purposeful. This quietness brings about a sense of mindfulness; you had space to reason about the puzzles, but you also had a space outside of the puzzle, wandering around the island, looking back on what you have learned so far, what are the things still unsure about and to reflect on them.  Lingo was made to be very busy. Environments as well as the transitions between them are unpredictable. The game changes landscape constantly, one second you are in the insides of a tree, the next you are moving through a marbled garden, now you are in an black empty void. Every hallway, door, corner is unexpected, the world changes on inputs that are not revealed to you. There's also no delineation between a puzzle that is not yet solvable versus one that needs your utmost attention for knowledge right now and generally it is designed to lose you in its many mazes (seriously so many mazes).  It is really frustrating to play. I would get into a room, see the obvious panels that are tangentially relevant to the area, but then accidentally pass through a door that leads me to a weird temple with pillars. If I try to return through the door, I get spat out into a different area, needing to double back to the room I was in initially. Another hiccup in this sequel particularly, you have a lot of blocked panels for not having the required letter to solve it. Very annoying to think you just discovered some place cool, only to see everything with access-denied red over it, being told to go back and that you are not ready for this place yet. It's also very annoying to check every single area once more to see if a door opened, because as you solve puzzles and gather new letters, randomly new areas just open up and you just have to know to do a for loop through the halls.  There's just no time to ponder and reflect. You are busy looking at environmental clues on the ground, on the walls, when you still have panels and puzzles lingering in your head. You are wandering around, walking into walls, getting back to this certain room to revisit a panel, so you need to spend the mental energy just to even move from here to there. Going into this door, where does this one lead? You have been here before, go back through the same door, you are somewhere else now.  You are taking screenshots, pen to paper, running around, panels to doors to hallways to rooms to puzzles to areas to panels. It's all a bit too much.  Do I think Lingo needs to be like Ultrakill's 1-S, a series of puzzles panels placed in connecting rooms? Of course not, we celebrate Lingo exactly because it is abrasive and chaotic. Being so unruly and experimental, I am genuinely surprised by the ideas in the game from time to time, some really cool ideas here. But it desperately needs quality of life or accessibility, going through the same surprises 50 more times just gets tedious and annoying fast. In Antichamber, you could just teleport to places you are investigating in the pause menu, no need to unlock it through puzzles or to move through a dozen hallways, why not here? I would have loved it if we had more tools to overcome the overwhelming nature of this game. 
Terribly sorry for this, but I'm straight up completely dissappointed with how this game turned out. The music and general visuals are great. They're a gigantic step up from Lingo 1 and they're probably the only part of the game I played that I actually liked. But my god was everything else a complete trainwreck in comparison, and it ALL has to do with the Letter Hunt mechanic that's tacked on the first 4-5 hours or so of gameplay that genuinely feels downright intelligence-insulting at times because "Oh, you know what this panel solves to? Too bad! You can't solve it right now anyway! Why? Because I said so!" and not like how Lingo 1 had it where it felt more like a knowledge checkpoint, aka what yknow, feels actually STANDARD for a puzzle game.  This just... doesn't feel like a puzzle game at all, I'm sorry. The panels themselves feel like they've taken a complete and utter backseat and the first part of the game feels like a walking sim that disguised itself as a puzzle game. I feel... somewhat cheated on by this honestly. I LOVE Lingo 1, it's one of my favorite puzzle games of all time and it's become one of my most played video games in recent years due to custom content keeping the amount of playtime afloat for pretty much infinity. I went into Lingo 2 expecting a similar thing but with a lot more non-euclidean focus and a different puzzle notation format, but what I instead got was a game that apparently does get good, but only after what might be one of the worst puzzle game mechanics I've ever seen. It's hard for me to say it, but I played this game for one session and straight up didn't want to continue. I will continue it of course, cause it is Lingo, and I want to support the developer as much as I can (it's why I made this review in the first place)... But ow. Please, save yourself and whoever else you drag down into this one, and just support the developer by buying you and the aformentioned friend a copy or 2 of Lingo 1. It's a WAY better first impression, and honestly I can guarantee you'll like it way more than this. I'm so sorry, Brenton.
A wonderful word puzzle game and a fitting sequel to the original Lingo.
I haven't played for too long but I can already see it's an improvement to the first game. 1. You actually have to psychically find the letters that you can use for answers. So you can't answer everything right away (and what you can't answer is highlighted in red so it's very clear what you can skip over) 2. Clues for subtracting or adding letters will actually give you the amount of clue icons for how many letters are removed/added. That way you know exactly how large the word has to be.
Amazing progression, great puzzles. Would recommend to anyone who even somewhat enjoys word puzzles.
cool concept, i like the idea of being letter-locked as a restriction instead of just knowledge. Makes the early game easier and harder at the same time.
Absolutely amazing game.   Non linear, builds in difficulty.  Only concern is (playing on the deck) screen burn in from the amount of time I'm thinking on the puzzles, they pop up keyboard has started to leave ghosting on my screen.   Hopefully the developer can come up with a way to prevent hardware damage while playing!  Still highly recommended as one of the smartest games on the market.
Love this game, one of my favourites of all time, I'm sad its over so soon. I was worried I'd miss the rules of Lingo 1 but the new systems are used in some very fun ways. Excited to see what modders can come up with. Highly recommend playing with a friend as its easy to get tunnel vision and overlook important details. So many secrets and hidden details.
improves on almost every single aspect of the original game, which was already an instant classic
I loved the first Lingo so much, so I was excited to see that there was a Lingo 2. And I'm happy to say that it did not disappoint. This takes the original Lingo concept and makes it fresh. Each puzzle is a joy to solve and you feel like a genius every time you discover something new. I feel like I'm learning an entire new language and it works so well. And, all the little nods to the first game are just *chef's kiss*
Not close to done with this but omg!! Keeps everything fun and interesting from the first game and improves on everything else. Great music and environment, and incredible level/game design as always. Definitely get this if you like any sort of puzzle games!
When I found this game I was tired and was looking for something more laid-back yet engaging. This fit the bill perfectly. Even though word puzzles are generally too open-ended for me, this game mitigates that by having a ton of context clues to help solve them, from letter limitations to [SPOILER?] placement of puzzles relative to each other.
If you like rule discovery games, this is one of the best in the genre. It's even better than Lingo 1!
This is one of the best games. Its so smart. Avoid spoilers and just get it without watching to see if its good. It is.
Great first person puzzler. Worth breaking out the thesaurus for.
Masterpiece of an open world puzzle game.  You don't need to play Lingo 1 to enjoy this.
The original Lingo turned out to be one of my favourite puzzle games, and Lingo 2 is turning out to be just as much fun and even more challenging! Loving it!
the solution for x is absolute bullshit, there should not be a painting in the hint for it at all. you also can't expect to get it either by just playing the game. anyways good game. i am enjoying it so far.
Yeah this game is good. Unfortunately I keep forgetting where to go for things so that's on me. Can't wait to see what gets made as custom content
I expected more white hallways but it just gave me hallways of colours. There are so many word panels that trying to fully finish this in one sitting is not recommended (The 20+ hour tagline is not a joke :D).  Pros: - Words - Panels - Symbols - Progressive Lettering is a great addition/change - Small Map, can go anywhere quickly - Music enjoyable enough to leave on loop  Cons: - Game is addictive - Being unable to play it during work  Edit: A mechanic I complained about before was unfair to judge early on, was just not far enough to fully appreciate it.
Lingo 2 is a fresh spin on Lingo that requires no knowledge of its predecessor to play. It pulls from the same well, a word game heavily inspired by The Witness and Antichamber, but has added a unique twist.  Lingo 2 is like Lingo 1 in that it is a world with lots of places to go, lots of fun themes, a plethora of puzzles and a smattering of secrets. Lingo 2 is not like Lingo 1 in that it has an increased focus of interesting navigation that was lost in Level 2 and an overall better feeling environment. The menus are slicker and it is clear that Brenton, the developer, has learned from Lingo's original outing.  I am a huge fan of Lingo 2, but I'm not sure everyone will be. Even people who love the original Lingo. It moves away from the stricter rules and heavy word puzzles to focus on crafting new restrictions on the player that creates a whole new feel.  I may be a biased reviewer as I have sunk quite a bit of time and energy into Lingo, Lingo 2, and their communities but I think Lingo 2 is incredible. And what is so amazing is that it stands alongside Lingo, neither eclipsing nor overshadowing.  Oh yeah, also wanted to say that I highly recommend joining the Lingo Discord for any help you need in solving puzzles and finding secrets.
Play Lingo 1. If you like that this is only okay.  Is this actually fun? I was solving a puzzle where the clue was simply "5 letter vehicle". "Truck" I think instantly. That's wrong. Plane maybe? No. A few minutes later I search it on the internet, because is this really such an interesting question anyways? It really isn't. I was in a pure green pyramid with a bunch of other easy similar puzzles. This puzzle had no interesting relation to the world around it. It was not exploring some new mechanic. It was just another boring puzzle. Most of the game is actually like this.  The letter search mechanic doesn't do anything to make the game better imo. Panels are red if you can't solve them. You can lose letters in certain places, so it introduces this tedious method of reducing any puzzle into an anagram if you want.
Compared to Lingo 1, Lingo 2 is much less janky and much easier to get into. It also comes with a demo, which 🚨 YOU SHOULD PLAY FIRST!! 🚨 The demo's relationship to the main game might intrigue and surprise you.  Whether Lingo 2 is BETTER than Lingo 1 will be the subject of debate for decades to come.
Lingo 2 is an improvement on Lingo 1 in every single way!   I believe people who are here for the word puzzles will find the navigation much easier to conceptualize, people who are here for the mazes won't be disappointed, and people who are here for the memes should name their profile "Icely" to have an eventual surprise ;)  I coded some things for this game, and after beta-testing, I also made a map for the game. I look forward to watching people play the game, and esp. my game ^_^
Very cool sequel. I just wish that mechanic from the symbolic was officially introduced in Lingo 1, lol
Welcome b_ck! Lingo 2 is like Lingo, but you need to get the letters first. It's almost like a metroidvania, with progress not just gated by knowledge, but whether you're even able to solve the puzzles. The rules are fun to discover, with several small tutorial areas for each. There are some sharp difficulty jumps, so you [strike] may[/strike] definitely need a thesaurus. The game feels a lot longer as well, though part of that may just be looking for letters.  Also, the soundtrack is amazing. Overall, good game. Takes more inspiration from games like Antichamber than its predecessor, which isn't a bad thing. 9/10, bring a notebook.
At least as good as the first one.  Buy the game. Write the words.
This is a incredibly good sequel and an insanely good puzzle rule discovery game
